China to cap local government debtChina to cap local government debt
By Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a2fb9fec-4a18-11e4-8de3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China growth in danger of slowing sharplyChina’s growth in danger of slowing more sharply
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ccb72910-60f1-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mexico cancels China-led rail contract© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c10c40f2-668a-11e4-9c0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alibaba seeks $8bn from maiden bond saleAlibaba seeks $8bn from maiden bond sale
Vivianne Rodrigues and Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eb50b53a-6b5f-11e4-ae52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The return of the arkThe return of the ark
vidya ram
Busienss Line Treasure finder Dr Irving Finkel nearly fell off his chair when he read that animals were to move onto the boat “2 by 2”. - Photo: Vidya Ram
Without glue or nails: The ark being built at an undisclosed location in Kerala
The discovery of a long-forgotten tablet provides 4,000-year-old instructions that can be followed to build the mythical ark
In 1985 Douglas Simmonds, a man of few words and the son of a Royal Air Force (RAF) pilot with a penchant for collecting antiquities, walked into the British Museum with a handful of items from his father’s collection packed into a plastic bag. Dr Irving Finkel, now assistant keeper at the museum’s Middle Eastern department, was the curator who examined the objects at the time. As soon as he chanced upon one of them — a clay tablet the size of a mobile phone, dating back to around BC 1800 — he recognised that it had something to do with the story or legend of the Flood: an integral part of Mesopotamian mythology, and subsequently of many religions across the world. “Wall Wall! Reed, wall! Reed Wall, That you may live forever! Destroy Your House, build a boat; spurn property and save a life.” Thus began the 60-line tablet, written in cuneiform script — Mesopotamian writing so old it predates any form of alphabet.
Around a third of the inscription on the tablet was damaged and unclear. He placed the tablet in a drawer in his office and examined it for over a decade, whenever he got the chance. Then, word by word, he began to unravel the more complex parts of the text. Some of the discoveries left him astounded: far from being a simple rendering of a classic story, the tablet was in the form of a dialogue between the god Enki and an unwitting hero, Atra Hasis. It contained detailed, mathematical instructions on how to build a boat that would save mankind. But this boat was not shaped like the ark we think of today: it was round and bore a clear resemblance to the coracles built in modern-day Iraq (old Mesopotamia) as late as the 1930s and ’40s. Another phrase left him even more astonished: “2 by 2” was how the wild animals were meant to board the boat. This seemed a clear link to the story of Noah and the ark. “I almost fainted when I looked that word up in the dictionary and found what it meant,” says Finkel, in his office, tucked in a corner of the British Library.
For Finkel, whose study of cuneiform writing at university had left him with a lifelong interest in Mesopotamian literature and history, the conclusions were clear: “The presence of the story in the Bible and Koran is undoubtedly a borrowing from the Mesopotamian world that preceded it.” Earlier this year, Finkel published The Ark Before Noah, an engaging, personal and often gently humorous account of the cuneiform literary tradition, his discovery and the conclusions he draws from it.
He believes that once in the history of Mesopotamia there was a hugely destructive flood far exceeding the routine flooding from the Tigris and Euphrates rivers. “I think this was never forgotten and was often referred to and became a part of the culture,” he says. “The myth of the rescue, as I see it, was the answer to their psychological fear that if nature lost control, one of the gods would come along to rescue the core of life.”
The tablet itself was likely to be a memory aide, perhaps for a travelling storyteller or pair of storytellers. In river communities, elaborate mathematically valid details might be needed to win over an audience with boatbuilding experience. “It would have been imperative for the people who recounted this story to have this kind of data.”
When the suggestion to build a boat based on the tablet’s instructions came from a documentary company, Finkel leaped at the opportunity. “What is miraculous for me is to have a 4,000-year-old set of instructions that can be followed to produce an object that is functioning. I don’t know another instance of it,” he says.
And so began the complex process of creating an ancient boat based on an ancient text. With the help of a mathematician, three Oman-based boat builders experienced in building ancient boats from original materials (without glue or nails), the process began. They decided against building a full-sized one, which would have occupied half a football pitch. As Finkel writes in his book, this boat would have been so high that a giraffe would have struggled to peek over its side. So the team opted to scale down and, using the same proportions, build a boat roughly a fifth of the original.
Given the political and security risks, building the craft in Iraq wasn’t really an option. The obvious alternative was Kerala, with its ancient boat-building traditions and ready supply of essential materials such as the reeds and bitumen specified in the instructions. Besides that, many of the experienced workers and boatyard managers who worked alongside the team of boat-building experts in Oman were from Kerala.
Earlier this year, it took 60 to 70 workers four months to build the boat. Many challenges slowed the pace of work: the bitumen used didn’t prove as watertight as everyone had hoped, and at points, water had to be pumped out and the structure re-patched. But in March it was finally there: a miniature replica, weighing 35 tonnes, of the circular craft described in the ancient tablet.
The boat now sits on a small canal off Lake Vembanad. Bitumen waterproofing problems have led to it gradually taking in water. Sheikh Nasser of Kuwait, who runs a museum in Kuwait and has a home in Kerala, is set to take over the boat and all the required maintenance.
Whatever its future, to Finkel its significance is tremendous. “It proved the validity that this wasn’t just the stuff of fantasy but there is some kind of reality underpinning it,” he says.
He recalls with palpable enthusiasm the time spent in Kerala with the workforce, who kept their pledge of keeping the building a secret. “It was the most collaborative, collegiate thing ever, and a real exciting experiment in boat-building history. It was such an adventure. Daft people like me who work on inscriptions don’t normally have a whisper of an opportunity like this…”
Belying his white beard and formal academic credentials, Finkel exudes the passion, vigour and boyish enthusiasm of an adventurer on the track of new treasures.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

No sensawunda at allTweet
With a stream of arresting visuals and a preposterous plot, Christopher Nolan’s ambitious Interstellar goes only as far as two dimensions
The Golden Age of science fiction happens at the age of 14. It’s the best time of your life to read SF. The arteries of the brain haven’t hardened yet, and you are willing to have your mind blown. Each book you read promises, nay, guarantees this. Of the millions of fans who go through this ontogenetic development, there are a few who dare to ask themselves — can I write too?
Now, imagine our hypothetical 14-year-old dashes off a script. Hollywood throws a couple of hundred million dollars at it, and gets the buzziest director in the world to direct it. The result would be something like Christopher Nolan’s new film Interstellar. The reach of the ideas contained within is well beyond the grasp of adolescent enthusiasm. “We must confront the reality of interstellar travel,” intones Michael Caine’s character gravely. But did the Nolans (the script is by brother Jonathan) confront the reality of making a genuine science fiction film?
Interstellar posits a world where crops are failing and immense dust storms scour the surface. Science and exploration are frowned upon. The Earth is dying and a few brave astronauts are sent on a journey to find a planet where humanity can start afresh. A scientist played by Michael Caine concocts a plan to send humans to another galaxy.
How do you get there? NASA, which has now turned feral, has discovered a wormhole near Saturn, placed there by unknown entities. A wormhole is an artefact in space-time that enables one to traverse unimaginable distances, a kind of cosmic shortcut. A host of promising planets have been found on the other side of this escape hatch, orbiting a colossal black hole called Gargantua.
At the core of the plot is an effect called gravitational-time dilation. A consequence of the theory of relativity, it predicates that gravity can affect the flow of time. There are many masterpieces that use this concept; my favourite is Joe Haldeman’s The Forever War, where soldiers fighting an alien foe are permanently estranged from the Earth and from each other thanks to the inexorable logic of this relativistic mechanism.
The world’s first known story using this effect, however, is found in the Mahabharata, in the legend of King Kakudmi and his daughter Revati. Instead of searching for habitable worlds, they search for something even more precious, a suitable husband. Revati is all kinds of awesome and there are so many suitors that the king decides to meet Lord Brahma and get His take on who to pick. When the appointment happens, the Creator has a good laugh and tells them that time runs far slower in His plane of existence. He helpfully adds, “Those upon whom you may have already decided are now gone, and so are their sons, grandsons and other descendants. You cannot even hear about their names. You must therefore bestow this virgin gem upon some other husband, for you are now alone, and your friends, your ministers, servants, wives, kinsmen, armies, and treasures, have long since been swept away by the hand of Time”.
The poignancy of these words is the emotional force that moves Interstellar. So is it any good? Alas, not. There are more plot holes than wormholes in this clunky effort. As long as there are shots of spaceships coasting past Saturn, sling-shooting around black holes, or haunting desolation of alien vistas, all accompanied by Hans Zimmer’s majestic score, it is utterly beautiful.
What causes it to lose orbit and plummet back to earth is an age-old flaw, a systemic weakness in Hollywood. Science fiction is the literature of the imagination. The foundation of the reading experience, which is absolutely unique and essential to the genre, is the sense of wonder — or ‘sensawunda’ as fans dub it. An emotional pitch that can be likened to a kind of revelation, that sudden shift in perspective leading to heightened awareness. When compared in this light, Interstellar can be defined as existing in two dimensions — one as a stream of arresting visuals evoking this feeling, and the other, a preposterously banal plot that just doesn’t grapple with the images that move and breathe. And when a character says, “Love is the one thing that transcends time and space” — in the sense of an actual physical force, you know that this rocket has exploded on the launch pad.
One of the building blocks of SF is the “What if?” question, which forces taking their ideas all the way to their logical conclusion. For example, there is an offhand mention of a ‘Plan B’, which involves sending thousands of fertilised embryos to the new planets! That sounded far more intriguing than anything that unfolds on screen. Still in some respects, Interstellar certainly has the architectural elements of SF. It is littered with AYKB or “As you know, Bob” dialogues, which are expository info-dumps aimed at the audience disguised as conversation between characters.
The science-fictional aspect of the film is unintentional. Curiously, “mankind’s future” here is held to be a white, American future. The Stars and Stripes are everywhere, emblazoned on spaceships, fluttering on alien planets, draped in offices. At a time when the Chinese, Europeans and Indians are forging ahead in space exploration, when the Russians still have a robust capability, to advance a future driven by jut-jawed Anglo-Saxons is rather daring. (There is even a backstory to explain this boldness: At some point India and the Asians went to war with the US, and lost. However, our drones still loiter aimlessly in their airspace.)
The most fascinating aspect of the film is buried in the making of it. Nolan hired black hole expert Kip Thorne to help out. Existing VFX software is not built to handle the incredibly complex movements of light around a black hole. Thorne wrote dense formulae on how light would behave, and these were fed into custom-built algorithms to generate the incredible. When the images were generated, Thorne realised that existing theories on how black holes would look like had to be revised — and Science happened, as it were. A black hole is formed when a giant gas-filled star collapses under its own weight. Much like Interstellar.
(Jaideep Unudurti writes on popular culture, chess and cinema)
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

Alibaba takes down weaponry listingsAlibaba takes down weaponry listings
Charles Clover
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/03b0ec2e-6b67-11e4-9337-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India and the global politics of statusIndia and the global politics of status
ROHAN MUKHERJEE
Tweet
PTI Choose your boat: India cannot sail in both. PTI
The signifiers of power have changed since the Cold War. But India’s trying to straddle two boats
In a recent New York Times article, Pankaj Mishra painted a portrait of the modern Hindu Indian psyche in colours of “victimhood and chauvinism,” arguing that “many ambitious members of a greatly expanded and fully global Hindu middle class feel frustrated in their demand for higher status from white Westerners.”
Mishra’s controversial statement is apt not just for its description of contemporary politics, but also because it captures something more ingrained and enduring in the Indian psyche. In addition to being obsessed with autonomy in international affairs, India is a deeply status-conscious power (though these two goals are increasingly incompatible for India today).
Various writers have highlighted India’s sense of “civilisational exceptionalism,” “moral greatness,” “greater moral mission,” and desire for “a global leadership role.” Put bluntly, India thinks it has something important to offer the world and therefore, deserves a leading role. As Pratap Bhanu Mehta has noted, India believes the greatest source of its power will be the power of its example as a plural and economically successful democracy.
How status works
Mishra’s statement is only partially accurate — India’s Hindu elites are not the only ones to harbour status concerns, and India is not the only nation to do so either. Throughout history, as nations have risen and fallen, rank has mattered and countries lower down the ladder have invariably envied, resented and challenged countries higher up.
Understanding this dynamic is vital for fully comprehending the foreign policies of rising powers, including India since 1947. Robert Gilpin called this phenomenon the “hierarchy of prestige” in international politics.
He argued that moments of disjuncture between a rising or falling nation’s power and prestige were prone to major conflict, primarily because no group of people are willing to accept a status lower than that to which they feel themselves entitled.
When there is a clear hierarchy, however, experimental research in social psychology shows that some members of lower-status groups are likely to at least symbolically try to join higher-status groups. They might do so by emulating the practices of the latter, by challenging the basis of the latter’s high status, or by creatively redefining the ingredients of status in order to highlight their own particular strengths.
Nations are similar in their group dynamics, and rising powers are particularly susceptible to status-seeking foreign policies. When the allure of great power begins to appear within grasping reach, societies and their leaders become particularly concerned with their position in the global hierarchy of prestige. Whether these rising powers then choose to emulate the great powers, challenge them, or be creative depends on a range of factors, but most countries pursue one of these three strategies.
Great games
Germany at the turn of the twentieth century chose to challenge the great powers, with Kaiser Wilhelm II’s Weltpolitik (or “world policy”) overtaking Otto von Bismarck’s pragmatism that had facilitated Germany’s rise in the late nineteenth century. The Kaiser’s global ambitions made Germany many powerful enemies and led it down an expensive and self-destructive path of imperialism and naval aggrandisement.
Japan’s primary motivation was to be counted among the so-called civilised great powers. After Japan shook up the Western world by defeating Russia at war in 1905, a Japanese diplomat declared, “We show ourselves at least your equals in scientific butchery and at once are admitted to your council tables as civilised men.”
India’s foreign policy as a rising power has been centred on creatively redefining the meaning of power in order to be counted as an equal of the great powers.
India’s first generation of leaders had organised a hugely successful movement of non-cooperation against British occupation, winning in some sense a public relations battle by occupying the moral higher ground.
Confused nation
India chose nonalignment precisely because it bestowed a certain status of being above the fray of Cold War politics. Nonalignment as a creative strategy also required India to abjure alliances, endorse multilateralism, and resort to force only when all other avenues were exhausted. These aspects of foreign policy were firmly in place by the 1970s and have not changed significantly since then.
During the Cold War, India’s pursuit of autonomy sat well with its quest for status. Although the actual practice of nonalignment led the West to cry foul as India appeared to inch closer to the Soviet Union, Indian leaders remained resolutely wary of Soviet intentions and unwilling to be anything less than an equal partner with Moscow.
Compared to the relationships between the US and its allies in Western Europe and East Asia, India’s relationship with the Soviet Union could hardly be termed an alliance. Here too, India sought symbolic equality with the great powers and tried its best, within the constraints of strategic necessity, to pursue an independent path that would achieve this goal.
The same goals were evident in India’s economic policies — although New Delhi relied heavily on foreign aid and defence supplies (from both superpowers for a time), there was a strong emphasis on domestic industrialisation and defence manufacturing, instead of imports.
Since the end of the Cold War, Indian foreign policy is faced with a contradiction between its underlying preferences. The goals of status and autonomy were compatible as long as the great powers did not accord India the status it sought. Since 1990, however, India has been inordinately successful in creating international status for itself on a relative shoestring — compared to Japan, for example, India gets much more influence out of the global order for a much lower investment.
India is now a member of various high-powered groupings of internationally influential countries within multilateral organisations such as the WTO and UN climate change framework. New Delhi is a highly sought after partner by countries ranging from Israel to Iran, not to mention the United States and even China.
However, despite being accorded the status it has always sought from the great powers, New Delhi is yet to begin holding up its side of the bargain by contributing to the provision of global public goods such as lower carbon emissions, lower trade tariffs, and peace and security.
India’s rise up the global hierarchy of prestige has led other nations to increasingly expect India to shoulder the burdens of global governance, as all great powers have done. Yet India clings to the idea of autonomy, unwilling to become a so-called “responsible” actor in world politics. In this sense, status and autonomy are no longer compatible.
At a philosophical level, India’s traditionally cautious and defensive foreign policy puts it in the category of countries such as Canada and Switzerland. However, India’s ambitions are in the category of China and the United States. Policymakers in New Delhi are beginning to discover that India can be either Switzerland or the United States, but it cannot be both.
The writer is a doctoral candidate in the Department of Politics at Princeton University. This article is by special arrangement with the Center for the Advanced Study of India, University of Pennsylvania
(This article was published on November 18, 2014)
Related

FII investments via P-Notes surges to USD 43 billion in OctBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pct
Investments into domestic shares through participatory notes (P-Notes) surged to the highest level in more than six-and-half years at Rs 2.65 lakh crore (about USD 43 billion) in October.
According to the data released by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), the total value of P-Note investments in Indian markets (equity, debt and derivatives) rose to Rs 2,65,675 crore at the end of October from Rs 2,22,394 crore in September.
This is the highest level since February 2008, when the cumulative value of such investments stood at Rs 3,22,743 crore.
P-Notes, mostly used by overseas HNIs (High Networth Individuals), hedge funds and other foreign institutions, allow them to invest in Indian markets through registered Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs), while saving on time and costs associated with direct registration.
According to market analysts, investment into the equity market via P-Notes had been rising in the past few months, mainly on account of the government’s reforms agenda and a rally in the country’s equity markets.
It shot up in May, post the General Election results, primarily on the new government’s promise to revive economic growth and the momentum continued till October.
P-Note investments in Indian markets have climbed to Rs 1.86 lakh crore in October from Rs 1.68 lakh crore in the preceding month.
The quantum of FII investments through P-Notes grew to 12.2 per cent last month from 10.7 per cent in September.
Till a few years ago, P-Notes used to account for more than 50 per cent of the total FII investments, but their share has fallen after Sebi tightened the disclosure norms and other regulations for such investments.
P-Notes have been accounting for mostly 15-20 per cent of the total FII holdings in India since 2009, while it used to be much higher — in the range of 25-40 per cent — in 2008.
It was as high as over 50 per cent at the peak of Indian stock market bull run during a few months in 2007.
TAGS: Foreign Institutional Investors Participatory Notes Participatory Notes India
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

Thanks but no thanks: Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif shuns Indian limo for Nepal summitDelhi Police considering filing FIR against Uber in rape case
Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif will bring his own car to a regional meeting in Nepal next week, an official said on Tuesday, turning down an offer to borrow a bulletproof limousine lent by Pakistan’s arch rival, India.
Pakistan will transport Sharif’s car hundreds of kilometres to Nepal’s capital in the foothills of the Himalayas.
Leaders from eight nations meet for two days from Nov. 26 for the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC).
Mistrust between nuclear-armed India and Pakistan, the two largest members of SAARC, have overshadowed the forum that was formed in 1985 to help develop the world’s least economically integrated region.
“We have made arrangements for vehicles for all leaders for the summit,” Khaga Nath Adhikari, a spokesman for Nepal’s foreign ministry said.
“If anyone wants to bring his or her own car, we have no objection.”
Nepal has two limousines and has rented six bullet-proof cars from India for the visiting leaders.
Shankar Sharma, a former Nepali ambassador to the United States, said the decision showed distrust between India and Pakistan, which have fought three wars since independence from Britain – two of them over the Muslim-majority Kashmir.
“They (Pakistan) may have their own suspicion about using the car brought from India,” Sharma said.
Adhikari said Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi would also bring his own car.
TAGS: Nawaz Sharif Saarc Summit
More from industry
Digital push: Karnataka launches mobile governance platform In a unique initiative, the Karnataka government on Monday unveiled a multi-modal e-governance platform through which citizens...

Editorial: Golden curesGold futures price falls on global cues
Given India’s $25.7 billion gold imports in Jan-Sept 2014, it is understandable the government wants to crack down on imports. This would be a mistake. For one, since gold imports were $42.7 billion in all of 2013, there has been a lot of compression this year. Two, import curbs will incentivise smuggling. Indeed, when India was hiking import duties, from 4% in February 2012  to 6% in January 2013 and 8% in June 2013, demand rose from 202 tonnes in Q1 2012 to 256.5 tonnes in Q1 2013 to 310 tonnes in Q2 2013—rising global prices raised returns on gold and gave demand a fillip; with gold prices falling in 2014, demand is much lower. It is equally important to look at the composition of imports. Investment demand, or demand for bars and coins, is down from 64 tonnes in Q1 2012—when, due to considerable global uncertainty, prices were soaring—to a more manageable 42 tonnes in Q3 2014. What made gold demand soar in Q3—it rose fourfold yoy in October, to $4.2 billion—was jewellery demand rising to 182.9 tonnes, from 154.5 tonnes in Q2 2014. In other words, as gold prices have fallen, repressed consumption demand is returning.
While the government may want households to switch gold to financial products—financial savings are down from 12% of GDP in FY10 to 7.1% in FY13—households have few other investment avenues. Whether the Kisan Vikas Patras (KVP) reintroduced yesterday will help is not clear, the lack of KYC in gold purchases is a factor in their favour—the KVPs, in contrast, have KYCs. Also, household gold purchases were only around 2.5% of GDP in FY13 while real estate accounted for around 12.2% of GDP—with physical savings steady at around 13-15% of GDP for the past few years, this means households are not switching from financial savings to physical ones, they are just not finding lucrative financial savings options.
In this context, dematting of gold is a good idea. An investor looking to protect R1 lakh of savings will buy a paper promising to give her 38.2 grams of gold at today’s prices; the bank selling the paper will not buy gold, but will buy a call option for 38.2 grams of gold in global markets—as and when the investor wants out, the value will be redeemed based on the current gold prices; there is minimal forex outgo since only a call option is being bought. Of course, since the call option will cost money, typically 4-5% a year, investors will have to bear this cost. Since no investor will want to bear this cost—she will simply invest in physical gold—the government will probably need to think of a subvention scheme, with appropriate safeguards, since it saves on valuable foreign exchange according to AV Birla Group chief economist Ajit Ranade. Others have different schemes, but the short point is alternative savings instruments are needed before households are forced out of gold.
TAGS: Gold Gold Import
More from commodities

Sentiment most bearish in 2 years  but no reason to panic: BofA MLstudyBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pct
Even though the global fund manager sentiment has turned the most bearish in two years, there is no panic yet as it doesn’t reflect macro capitulation, according to the latest survey by Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BofA ML).
According to the poll, which covers 166 fund managers handing $431 billion of funds, cash level further jumped to 4.9% in October, indicating that risk-assets are oversold and could see some bounce in the coming weeks.
As equity allocations fell sharply to 34% overweight (OW) from 47% in September, almost one in two investors think stocks are the most vulnerable to a rise in volatility, followed by bonds and equities.
While allocations to US and Japan equities, at 17% and 32% OW, jumped to 14-month and 10-month highs, respectively, Emerging market (EM) equities reported their first underweight (UW) reading in five months. In September, EMs saw a net 14% overweight.
India, meanwhile, appears to be the most-preferred GEM market with the highest relative positioning to history (z-score). In the Asia-Pac universe, however, Philippines and Malaysia maintained a higher Z-score than India. Expectations on Chinese growth fell further to a net 35% of the surveyed — from 25% last month—  amid signs of a weaker economy in October. For the first time in 10 years, GEM investors don’t see GEM currencies as undervalued.
As per the survey, investors regard long US dollar and long EU periphery debt as the most crowded trade, with 43% and 21% votes, respectively.
While 33% of fund managers expect the European Central bank to commence sovereign bond buying in the first quarter of 2015, close to 25% do not see any quantitative easing from ECB.
TAGS: BofA-ML European Central Bank
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

Promoters lower stake  slowly butsurelyBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pct
Amid a sharp rise in invocation of shares and equity dilution via QIPs, promoter stake in BSE-200 companies slipped to a four-quarter low of 57.30% in the September quarter.
Promoters’ stake has seen a steady fall in the last three quarters in the BSE-200 universe. In the June quarter, it stood at 57.99%, down from 58.15% and 58.40% in the March (2014) and December (2013) quarters, respectively.
While experts warn against reading too much into this ‘marginal fall’, Arun Kejriwal, director at KRIS Research, agrees that issuance of fresh capital through QIPs and invocation of shares in certain companies by lenders have led to the drop.
According to Capitaline data, the number of shares invoked in the September quarter stood at 3.08 crore, a 140% jump from the previous quarter.
Further, promoters continued to dilute their equity through qualified institutional placements (QIPs) with the amount raised through this route in CY14 amounting to R28,078 crore, the highest since 2009.
Among BSE-200 companies, Indiabulls Housing Finance saw promoter stake fall by 13.9 percentage points (ppt) in September quarter. For Indiabulls Real Estate, promoter stake fell from 48.9% in the June quarter to 37.7% in the September quarter, according to a Kotak Institutional Equities report.
Reliance Communications (-9.5 ppt), Aban Offshore (-8.4 ppt), Bhushan Steel (-8.1 ppt), GMR Infrastructure (-7.6 ppt), Info Edge (-5.7 ppt), Jaiprakash Associates (-5.5 ppt), Prestige Estate (-5 ppt), Bharti Infratel (-4.5 ppt), Central Bank of India (-4.4 ppt), Ashok Leyland (-3.5 ppt), Specialty Restaurants (-2.3 ppt) and SKS Microfinance (-1.2 ppt) have also seen a cut in promoter stake, according to Kotak.
While promoter holding has seen a drop in each of the last four quarters, FII stake in BSE-200 companies rose to 24.1% in the September quarter from 23.3% in the June quarter.
Within the BSE-200 universe, in the September quarter, FIIs raised their stake in United Spirits (12.7 ppt), Reliance Communications (10.6 ppt), Karur Vysya Bank (7.3 ppt), Bharti Infratel (6.4 ppt), Aban Offshore (5.9 ppt), GMR Infrastructure (4.6 ppt) and Ashok Leyland (4.4 ppt).
Data prior to December quarter has been excluded, as promoters had to reduce their stake by August, 2013, to meet Securities and Exchange Board of India’s (Sebi) minimum public shareholding norms.
TAGS: Ashok Leyland Bhushan Steel Reliance Communications
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

Sugar stocks rally on export subsidyhopesBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pct
Sugar stocks rallied anywhere between 4-9% on Tuesday on hopes that the government may extend subsidy on exports and give incentives for increasing ethanol production.
Sakthi Sugars closed at R19.95, climbing as much as 8.7% on the BSE, the highest among sugar company scrips. It was followed by Dwarikesh Sugar, which closed at R40.10, up 7.2%. Shree Renuka Sugar closed at R19.35 (up 7.2%), Bajaj Hindusthan at R23.9 (up 6.2%) and Rajshree Sugars at R28.40 (up 5.2%).
According to the sugar subsidy scheme announced by the government in February, a subsidy of R3,300 per quintal was given for raw sugar export of up to 4 million tonne for the 2013-14 and 2014-15 marketing years. While the scheme ended in September, speculation has been rife that  it might be extended for a few months.
All sugar stocks, except EID Parry, ended the session in green; EID Parry closed at R234.15, down 1.7% after giving away intra-day gains of 2.7%. Sakthi Sugars saw the highest intra-day gain at 14.2%, followed by Balrampur Chini (13.6%) and  Dwarikesh Sugar (13.5%).
Year-to-date, Dwarikesh Sugar has rallied the most with a gain of 70%. As many as five companies, including Bajaj Hindusthan, EID Parry, Balrampur Chini and Dhampur Sugar, have outperformed the benchmark Sensex in 2014, which has gained 33% this year.
TAGS: BSE Sensex Sugar Stocks
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

Another shot at delisting likely after SebinormsBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pct
With the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) expected to announce “easier” or “simpler” rules for share delisting on Wednesday, many companies will attempt taking that route, said merchant bankers privy to information.
Essar Shipping is one such example. On Tuesday, shareholders of the Jamnagar, Gujarat-based company have approved delisting of shares from the exchanges. The parent company Essar Group is also seeking shareholders’ nod to delist Essar ports and Essar Oil.
According to Prime Database, 12 companies have been unsuccessful with their de-listing plans since 2010 due to price mismatch between buyers’ and sellers’ price expectations, as well as lack of participation from public shareholders. The amount spent by companies on delisting stands at near decade low in FY15, showed a compilation by Prime.
Firms unsuccessful in delisting their shares include Ricoh India, BOC India, APW President Systems, Elantas Beck (India), Suashish Diamonds, and Saint-Gobain Sekurit India. Other companies like AstraZeneca Pharma, Oracle Financial Services Software, Timken India, Novartis India, and Thomas Cook reportedly tried but failed.
Sources in the know had told FE that Sebi is expected to simplify the price discovery process and reduce the time line, which will help companies save cost as well as time. The simplification in process will check any manipulation in share price associated with a longer time-frame, they added.
The announcement will come after Sebi’s board meeting on November 19. Other issues on the agenda include an improved framework on prevention of insider trading, additional restrictions on wilful defaulters and renewed listing agreement guidelines.
TAGS: Essar Group Novartis India Sebi Thomas Cook
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

Shell wins $3bn India tax court caseCourt rules in favour of Shell in $3bn India tax battle
James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dbf805e6-6f1c-11e4-b060-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nokia revives brand with launch of iPad look-alike N1 tabletDelhi Police considering filing FIR against Uber in rape case
Finland’s Nokia  launched a new brand-licensed tablet computer on Tuesday which is designed to rival Apple’s iPad Mini, just six months after the company sold its ailing phones and devices business to Microsoft for over $7 billion.
Nokia, a name which was once synonymous with mobile phones until first Apple and then Samsung Electronics  eclipsed the Finnish company with the advent of smart phones, said the manufacturing, distribution and sales of the new N1 tablet, will be handled under licence by Taiwan’s Foxconn .
The aluminium-cased N1, which runs on Google’s  Android Lollipop operating software but features Nokia’s new Z Launcher intelligent home screen interface, is due to be in stores in China in the first quarter of next year for an estimated price of $249 before taxes, with sales to other markets to follow.
Sebastian Nystrom, the head of products at Nokia’s  Technologies unit, said the company was looking to follow up with more devices and will also look into eventually returning to the smartphones business by brand-licensing.
“With the agreement with Microsoft, as is customary, we have this transition and we can’t do smartphones … We have a time limit. In 2016 we can again enter that business,” Nystrom told Reuters.
“It would be crazy not to look at that opportunity. Of course we will look at it.”
Microsoft last week dropped the Nokia name on its latest Lumia 535 smartphone, which runs on its Windows Phone 8 operating system, but still uses the brand for more basic phones.
After the Microsoft sale Nokia was left with its core network equipment and services business plus its smaller HERE mapping and navigation unit and Nokia Technologies, which manages the licensing of its portfolio of patents and develops new products such as the N1 and the Z Launcher.
Asked about rumours that Nokia was looking to re-enter the handset market, Chief Executive Rajeev Suri said last week he was looking into ways to bring the brand back into the consumer market through licensing deals.
TAGS: Google Android Nokia
More from industry
Digital push: Karnataka launches mobile governance platform In a unique initiative, the Karnataka government on Monday unveiled a multi-modal e-governance platform through which citizens...

India Inc top guns fail to cheer markets: All you need toknowBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pct
India’s top firms have reported weak bottomline growth for the quarter ended September 2014.
Net profits of the BSE-30 Index (Sensex) firms grew 6% year-on-year in the September quarter, well below expectations of 10.1% growth, says a study by the Kotak group. These companies had showed 19.3% growth in the first quarter ended June.
EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation) increased by just 1.8% as against the estimate of 5.8%.
Underlying trends in banks (high bad loans and slippages) and consumer staples (low volume growth) remained weak but order inflows picked up, suggesting potential economic recovery in the next 2-4 quarters.
Credit growth of the banking sector dipped to 9.7% in September
Muted growth in net profits in the September quarter will temper the Street’s expectations of accelerated earnings.
WHAT IT MEANS:
1. Underlying parameters such as loan growth, credit quality for banks and volume growth for consumer and cement companies remained weak.
2. It is perhaps too early to expect a structural economic recovery although the government is implementing reforms for higher growth.
3. Order inflows of major industrial firms picked up, indicating a potential recovery in the investment cycle
4. Kotak expects weak GDP data for second half given continued weak investment demand and likely reduction in plan expenditure by the government in order to meet its gross fiscal deficit at  4.1% of GDP.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex India Inc
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

Trading violations: Sebi comes out with stringent insider trading normsBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pct
Revamping its nearly two-decade old regulations on insider trading, Sebi today approved stricter norms, including new definition for connected people, to prevent the menace.
Apart from clarity on concepts and definitions, the new regulations strengthen legal and enforcement framework while also ensuring that legitimate business transactions are not impacted.
The new Prohibition of Insider Trading Regulations were approved by the board of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) here today.
“The new regulations strengthen the legal and enforcement framework, align Indian regime with international practices, provide clarity with respect to the definitions and concepts, and facilitate legitimate business transactions,” Sebi said in a statement after the board meeting.
Sebi has expanded the definition of ‘Insider’ to include persons connected on the basis of being in any contractual, fiduciary or employment relationship that allows such people access to unpublished price sensitive information (UPSI).
Under the new framework, Sebi has defined a connected person in the context of insider trading activities.
A connected person would be someone who is or has during the past six months prior to the concerned act has been associated with a company, directly or indirectly.
Besides, immediate relatives of connected persons would also come under the same category unless they prove that they were not privy to unpublished price sensitive information.
The onus of establishing that they were not in possession of UPSI would be with the connected persons.
The regulator has decided to remove the requirement for repeated disclosures and ease compliance burden.
“Disclosure of any change of two per cent for persons holding more than five per cent shares or voting rights has been removed as they are prescribed under Takeover Code,” the statement added.
To protect the interest of investors, companies must now disclose UPSI at least two days prior to trading in case of permitted communication of such information.
Besides, communication of such information is prohibited except in instances of legitimate purposes or discharge of legal obligations.
Insider trading refers to dealing in securities after having access to unpublished price sensitive information and such practices provide unfair advantage to the entity who has privy to such details.
Sebi has come across various instances of insider trading activities not just at small companies but also at larger ones.
The definition of UPSI has been strengthened by “providing a test to identify price sensitive information, aligning it with listing agreement and providing platform of disclosure”.
Earlier, the definition of price sensitive information had reference to company only, now it has reference to both a company and securities.
Companies by law would be entitled to require third-party connected persons to disclose their trading and holdings in securities of the company.
In line with the new Companies Act, prohibition on derivative trading by directors and key managerial personnel on securities of the company has been provided.
Disclosure of UPSI in public domain has been made mandatory before trading, so as to rule out asymmetry of information in the market.
“A provision of Trading Plans on the lines of US has been introduced for insiders with necessary safeguards. Such a plan has to be for bona fide transactions and has to be disclosed on stock exchange platform in advance,” the release said.
To provide clarity, generally available information has been defined as information that is accessible to public on a non-discriminatory platform such as stock exchange.
Meanwhile, insiders who are liable to possess UPSI all round the year would have the option to formulate pre-scheduled trading plans.
Among others, principle-based Code of Fair Disclosure and Code of Conduct has been prescribed.
The latest norms have been prepared after taking into consideration recommendations of Sodhi panel and suggestions from various other quarters.
After extensive deliberations, a panel headed by former Justice N K Sodhi had submitted its report on insider trading norms in December 2013. Sodhi was former Chief Justice of Karnataka and Kerala High Courts.
Sebi makes delisting easier, reduces time to 76 working days
Making delisting of companies less cumbersome, capital market regulator Sebi today approved revamped norms that reduce the time taken for completing the process by about half from minimum 137 days at present.
The changes, aimed at making the existing regulatory framework on delisting more effective, have been cleared by the board of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) during their meeting here.
“Timelines for completing the delisting process has been reduced from 137 calendar days (approximately 117 working days) to 76 working days,” the regulator said in a release.
Apart from reducing the timeline, the watchdog has decided to retain the reverse book building process for discovering the price of shares for the purpose of delisting.
Delisting would be considered successful only if at least 25 per cent of the public shareholders participated in the reverse book building process.
Besides, shareholding of the acquirer, together with the shares tendered by public shareholders, should reach 90 per cent of the company’s total share capital.
To ensure that a delisting plan has been decided in a fair manner, the board should approve the same only after due diligence process, for which it can appoint a merchant banker on behalf of the company and the promoter.
Further, the board should certify that the company is in compliance with applicable securities law and that it would be in the interest of shareholders.
Sebi said that an acquirer would have the option to delist the shares of the company directly through delisting regulations pursuant to triggering takeover norms.
“However, if the delisting attempt fails, the acquirer would be required to complete the mandatory open offer process under the Takeover Regulations and pay interest at the rate of 10 per cent per annum for the delayed open offer,” the release said.
Companies having paid up capital of not more than Rs 10 crore and networth that does not exceed Rs 25 crore as on the last day of the previous financial year would be exempted from following the Reverse Book Building process.
“The exemption would be available only if there was no trading in the shares of the company in the last one year from the date of the board resolution authorising the company to go for delisting, and trading of shares of the company has not been suspended for any non-compliance during the same period,” the release said.
According to Sebi, the stock exchange platform should be sued for offers made under Delisting, Buy Back and Takeover Regulations.
Depending on reasons put in writing, Sebi would consider relaxing the strict enforcement of delisting regulations.
Sebi came up with a discussion paper on delisting process in May and comments were received on aspects such as price discovery and shortening of the process.
Wilful defaulters to face curbs on fund mop-up frm capital mkt
To sternly deal with wilful defaulters, Sebi today decided to impose restrictions on such entities with respect to raising funds from capital markets.
Such measures are expected to further enhance the protection of investors in the securities market.
As part of new norms, the watchdog will impose restrictions on companies, promoters, and directors that are categorised as a ‘wilful defaulter’ from accessing the capital markets.
“The Board approved the proposal to review the policy in respect of restricting an issuer company/its promoter/ directors, categorized as wilful defaulter, from raising capital after going through the public consultation process,” Sebi said in statement after the board meeting.
At present, Sebi norms bar wilful defaulters from issuing convertible debt instruments. However, there is no restriction on such entities from raising funds from the capital market by way of public or rights issues, among others
Before finalising stricter regulations to deal with wilful defaulters, Sebi is expected to gather views from various stakeholders. The matter would also be discussed in the Primary Market Advisory Committee (PMAC).
The approval comes at a time when the amount of bad loans is on the rise in the banking system, mainly due to higher number of wilful defaulters.
To tighten the regulatory noose around wilful defaulters, the Reserve Bank has suggested to Sebi that such entities should be prevented from raising funds through capital markets.
Meanwhile, the government is planning to come out with a separate Bill in Parliament to deal with instances of wilful defaults in payment of bank loans.
Stringent action against the wilful defaulters in terms of attachment of properties under Sarfaesi Act (Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act), change in management and other legal action against the promoters, among others, are under consideration.
Sebi approves one-time registration method for DPs
Simplifying procedural requirements, market regulator Sebi today to put in place a oneâ€”time single registration process for depository participants to operate on both CDSL and NSDL.
The initiative will streamline and simplify the registration process and will reduce the regulatory burden and save the cost and time of the applicants.
Sebi’s board today “approved the policy of granting single registration for the application of initial registration as well as the permanent registration for operating with both the depositories (CDSL and NSDL).”
Currently, the depository participants are required to obtain separate registration for both the depositories. Further, the applicants are granted initial registration for five years and then permanent registrations.
The Board also took note of other measures taken by Sebi in the last two years to simplify the process of registration and to reduce the regulatory burden.
Some of these measures include doing away with segment -wise registration for brokers, removing the requirement of separate registration with different stock exchanges and allowing one time registration instead of yearly approval.
Besides, Sebi board has approved a proposal to allow Venture Capital Investors (FVCIs) in Core Investment Companies (CICs) for infrastructure sector to help attract overseas funds in this space.
The move will remove any hindrance for investment in the infrastructure sector through the FVCI route and to boost the infrastructure sector in the country.
Besides, Sebi has accepted the recommendations of ‘Depository System Review Committee’ on risk management, financial inclusion and expanding the reach of depository services, Investor Protection Fund of the depositories, outsourcing policy and IT Infrastructure.
The committee was constituted to assess the depository system on the basis of CPSS-IOSCO principles so as to benchmark with global best practices and suggest areas for improvement.
Further Sebi’s board approved the proposal to frame suitable regulations for using secondary market infrastructure for public issuance (e-IPO).
Also, Sebi has given nod to the proposal to initiate public consultation process on re-classification of promoters and the regulator also approved proposal regarding issuance of partly paid shares and warrants by Indian companies.
Sebi comes out with new listing regulations
Bringing in comprehensive norms for various listed securities, Sebi has finalised detailed listing regulations aimed at ensuring better compliance levels and strengthening safeguards for investors.
The new regulations have been put in place after taking into consideration the need for having a framework to consolidate listing obligations and disclosure requirements for listed entities across all these securities at one place.
“This regulation would consolidate and streamline the provisions of existing listing agreements thereby ensuring better enforceability,” Sebi said in a statement after the board meeting where the framework was approved.
At present, there are separate listing agreements for different segments of the capital market.
The norms have been prepared after extensive consultations. A discussion paper on the matter was floated in May this year.
Overarching principles would be incorporated in the provisions of listing regulations to ensure that they serve as guidelines for compliance in case there is any ambiguity.
The enabling provision for annual information memorandum would be retained in the new regulations.
Under the revamped framework, listed entities would have to co-operate with intermediaries registered with Sebi such as debenture trustees and credit rating agencies.
Among others, listed entities have to compulsorily appoint Company Secretary as compliance officer except for units of mutual funds listed on stock exchanges.
Within six months of notifying these regulations, entities would have to “execute a shortened version of listing agreement”. Such a mechanism has been put in place to ensure since listing agreement is a contractual pact between the stock exchange and listed entity.
There would be converged provisions for specified securities (equity segment) listed on Main Board and SME platform with necessary carve-outs for SMEs.
For redressal of investor grievances, listed entities would have to mandatorily register with SCORES. All filings by listed entities have to be made electronically.
The new norms would be applicable for equity, non- convertible debt securities, non-convertible redeemable preference shares, Indian Depository Receipts, securitised debt instruments and units issued by mutual fund schemes, among others.
The listing regulations have been divided into three parts — substantive provisions incorporated in the main body of regulations, procedural requirements in the form of schedules and various formats/forms of disclosures to be specified by Sebi through circulars.
Various changes have also been made to provide clarity about the regulations.
Such changes include removal of dichotomy regarding utilisation of issue proceeds, aligning connected provisions pertaining to disclosures on website and issuing advertisements, disclosures in annual report, and operational modalities in manner of review of audit reports with modified opinion.
Requirements which are in the nature of continuous disclosure and obligations have been shifted and now incorporated in the listing regulations.
TAGS: Sebi
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

Column: The continuing foolishness ongoldContaining the rising stressed assets in Indian banks
The October trade figures show a sharp increase in gold imports. Diwali was in October. So, what’s the issue?
Indians buy gold. Indians have always bought gold and Indians will always buy gold for ornamentation —thank God for that—and savings. It has been variously estimated that about 40% of India’s gold consumption (usually between 800 and 1,000 tonnes a year) goes to jewellery; the balance is for savings and, I suppose, an inflation hedge. As growth climbs into a higher gear, personal demand for gold will certainly increase. So, gold demand can only be brought down by providing Indians more effective channels for savings—period.
Higher import duties will only lead to smuggling—the World Gold Council estimates that 200 tonnes of gold were smuggled since the import duty hikes in August last year—which means (a) remittances will fall by an equivalent amount with no net impact on the current account, and (b) the underworld, which had been nicely tucked away for many years, will come back to life. There is already anecdotal evidence of this—talk to Mahesh Bhatt and company.
So, why is the government looking at trying to curb imports? In point of fact, higher gold imports would push the current account further into the red, signaling the fact that India is not competitive at current exchange rates. Many models, including our own, suggest the rupee is about 5 rupees (around 8%) overvalued currently. Export growth is, unsurprisingly, down, and we need to recognise that in a soft global market our currency needs to be under- rather than overvalued to push exports.Perhaps, the trauma of 2013 is still fresh in RBI’s and the government’s minds and they fear another runaway rupee. And, indeed, there is—and will always be—a threat of some global drama triggering a rush for the exits. But, as RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has often said, the only protection against a global financial catastrophe is internal strength. Very clearly, gold import curbs would not be seen a sign of internal strength—most investors would see this as a major weakness. So, if the intent was to “fake” the CAD by preventing free imports of gold, my sense is that it would be highly counterproductive, particularly as and when global winds pick up.
Coincidentally, the international gold market itself is signaling that something may be cooking. I have been monitoring the volatility of gold for a long time now and, almost on cue—I was targeting October 23—it has spiked higher from a low of just under 11% (close to the all time low from which it shot up in two previous episodes) to over 14% in just three weeks.
The immediate cause for the spike was the announcement that Switzerland will be running a referendum on November 30 which, if passed, would require the Swiss National Bank (SNB) to hold 20% of its reserves in gold; this would trigger huge buying since the current holding is much lower than that.
Of course, few people expect the referendum to be passed—over the past two years, the SNB has been building its reserves hugely to prevent the Swiss franc from appreciating beyond 1.20 to the euro, and for it to now divest these reserves into gold would be costly and would undermine its careful policy of protecting Swiss export competitiveness. Given that global markets are soft, in any case, this would be patently foolish.
The key question, though, is whether this is just a short-term spike and volatility will again subside to the recent norms? Or, will it reflect the past two patterns and screech higher towards 30%? As the accompanying chart shows, it could go either way.
But irrespective of whether gold volatility subsides—and we go back to a relatively boring, but safer, world where equity markets continue upwards, global interest rates remain subdued, hopefully supporting growth, and the dollar corrects—or gets into another another grotesque upward spiral which could result in another round of mayhem in financial markets, India’s gold import policy should be driven by the continuing need to strengthen our underlying economy.
As is well known, Indians own 25,000 to 35,000 tonnes of gold. Importantly, these are assets, and foreign currency assets, at that; they form part of the core strength of the Indian economy. RBI and the government need to unwind every constraint keeping these assets from the market. Many people have spoken/written on this. Back in August last year, I wrote a column suggesting the government, as an easy starting point, approach temples which may well be the “wholesale” holders of gold and enable them to get a better return on their holdings while bringing blocked gold into the market. That column got more response than any other I had written, including a call from the VHP, offended that I was suggesting that Hindu gold should be used to bail out the UPA government. With the change in the political scenario, perhaps the now is the right time.
By Jamal Mecklai
TAGS: Gold Gold Imports World Gold Council
More from fecolumnist
Making the internet talk local The growth of internet in India now depends on bringing down the language barrier

Ripple effect of sogo shosharulingContaining the rising stressed assets in Indian banks
General trading companies or sogo shosha (as they are called in Japan) have been a subject of transfer-pricing disputes and litigations in India since a long time. The issues involved range from functional differences between the sogo shosha and normal trading activities to the selection of profit-level indicators for the purpose of benchmarking arm’s length price for such activities.
Recently, the Delhi Bench of the Income-tax Appellate Tribunal , in the case of Mitsubishi Corporation India Private Limited, upheld the difference between sogo shosha (general trading) and normal trading activities. The Tribunal also agreed that the berry ratio can be used as an appropriate profit level indicator (PLI) in such cases where the business does not assume any significant inventory risk or perform any functions to add value to the goods traded.
The Tribunal has reiterated the importance of the functional, asset and risk (FAR) analysis in transfer-pricing and brought out its importance in determining the appropriate PLI. This column summarises the ruling’s key points  and their relevance for companies having similar business models from a transfer-pricing perspective.
Sogo shosha are trading companies engaged in both import and export of a diversified range of products. Such companies are not defined by the products or services they offer. They offer a wide range of goods and functions and are distinct in the world of commerce, and play an important role in linking buyers and sellers of a wide range of products. Although the sogo shosha companies perform trading activities which involve transferring the title in goods, in substance, the functions carried out by them are merely in the nature of service-providers, facilitating their principal suppliers and buyers in procurement and selling related activities.
Considering the limited functions performed, sogo shosha companies can be characterised as service providers and, accordingly, the mark-up for the functions performed should be considered on their ‘value-added expenses’ or ‘operating expenses’ and not on the value of goods handled by them.
In determining the appropriate pricing/remuneration model, the Tribunal highlighted an important factor with respect to the level or cost of inventory associated with operating expenses. It was of the view that in the cases where no economic risk for inventory is assumed and no value addition is performed in respect of the inventory, except to facilitate trading of the same, it is appropriate to exclude inventory cost from the cost base. Emphasis was placed on the insignificant risk associated with low inventory-level vis-a-vis other comparables earning additional profit on account of presence of inventory risk.
The Tribunal has addressed the issue raised by the tax authorities that while using the berry ratio (gross profit/operating expenses) as an appropriate PLI, the taxpayer has ignored the cost of goods sold (COGS) for determination of arm’s length price, whereas COGS is accounted for in the financials of the taxpayer. This, according to the tax authorities, was creating a conflict between the accounting principles and economic principles.
The Tribunal observed that though accounting principles require the accounting of the COGS for the purposes of financial analysis, however, when it comes to determination of arm’s length price, the economic principles will prevail. The very fundamental of such determination is that assessees should make profits that are commensurate with their “functions performed, risks assumed and assets utilised” (FAR analysis). This economic exercise of determining arm’s length price cannot depend on the accounting entries to such a large extent that it ignores the FAR analysis. Hence, once it was concluded that the COGS was not relevant to the FAR of the taxpayer, it was wholly justified to exclude the COGS from the formula of determining arm’s length price.
The Tribunal observed that whether a taxpayer is entitled to a return on the value of goods traded by it would actually depend on the functions performed and the related risks borne, with respect to the goods. If the taxpayer has only held a flash title in goods sometimes and not undertaken any significant risks with respect of the goods, all the functions performed by the taxpayer would be reflected in the value-added expenses and the value of goods traded would not have any impact on the FAR of the taxpayer.
The Tribunal observed that the claim of the tax authorities that intangibles like supply-chain and human assets were developed in the taxpayers’ case and the same were not compensated for, had to be substantiated legally and could not be based on vague generalities.
The Tribunal also observed that mere existence of routine supply-chain or human asset intangibles in the taxpayer’s case does not automatically confirm the existence of non-routine intangibles and the need to allocate additional returns for the same. It is important to note that such intangibles should be unique, i.e., it may not be possessed by the comparable companies. If the comparables involved in a similar activity also have the same, no additional compensation can be justified or warranted.
This landmark ruling has much larger relevance and application not only for sogo shosha companies, but also to limited-risk distributors and traders, where they perform no or limited functions and, accordingly, assume nil or minimal risks with respect to the inventory held by them.
The ‘value-added’ functions performed and risk assumed by limited risk distributor/trader is a critical factor in determining their return and the ruling favours the use of the berry ratio.
By Rohan Phatarphekar
TAGS: Mitsubishi Sogo Shosha
More from fecolumnist
Making the internet talk local The growth of internet in India now depends on bringing down the language barrier

Maha cotton federation ties up with CCI for MSPprocurementGold futures price falls on global cues
The Maharashtra State Cooperative Cotton Growers Federation (MSCCGF) has tied up with the cash-rich Cotton Corporation of India (CCI) for MSP purchases in the state.  It has happened for the first time in 5 years after the National Agriculture Cooperative Marketing Federation of India (Nafed),  which normally carries out MSP operations, expressed its inability citing lack of funds.
During this season, the credit limit of Nafed has been exhausted and the agency has expressed inability in providing funds to us for procuring cotton, said NP Hirani, chairman, MSCCGF.
Hirani said the cotton growers federation has begun MSP purchases on behalf of CCI in the state. This is an interim arrangement until Nafed manages to get funds from the Centre.
Hirani had been following up with Nafed to ensure that the tie-up is done but finally had to enter into a tie-up with CCI, which is a cash-rich organisation under the ministry of textiles.
MSCCGF has an initial amount of R1.5 crore for procurement. According to market sources, it is expected to receive R30 crore from the state government on the basis of which it plans to borrow another R120 crore as initial funds for the operations.
Hirani said the federation is in a position to procure around 100 lakh quintal of cotton from farmers at R4,050 per quintal.  So far the federation has established some 20 centres for procurement and has procured around 2,790 quintal in a week. The response has been slow and arrivals are yet to pick up, Hirani explained.
According to him, Nafed is going through a financial crisis and had suffered losses during the MSP operations of groundnut and gram.
BK Mishra, MD, CCI, said that CCI had so far procured 5.5 lakh quintal and has opened around 175 centres for purchase of cotton from farmers.
The plan is to open around 341 centres across Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra and Gujarat, he said.
In Punjab and Haryana, prices of cotton are above MSP and therefore there is no need for purchase, he pointed out, adding that since Nafed had an issue with funds, the Maharashtra Cotton Federation had tied up with CCI in an interim arrangement.
When contacted, Bijendra Singh, vice-chairman, Nafed, said that the agency has approached the Centre for release of funds. Nafed has requesred the Centre to make good the losses of 15%. In principle, the government and the Parliamentary Accounts Committee have agreed that the losses should be covered by the government, Singh said.
TAGS: Cotton Maharashtra Cotton
More from commodities

Rabobank inks pact with EID Parry for caneproductionGold futures price falls on global cues
Rabobank has entered into an agreement with EID Parry, one of the largest producers of sugar, and WWF-India, to collaborate on sustainable production of sugarcane and work towards reducing business risk in the face of high water and carbon footprint.
The partnership will produce tools that will track and measure two key issues related to sugarcane production — water use and Green House Gas (GHG) emissions. It will also advice on efficient management of water along the supply chain.
The three-year project will be carried out across EID Parry’s sites in southern India, with Rabobank being the facilitator and WWF-India providing the knowledge input, said a press statement here on Wednesday. The initiative is a strategic alliance between these three institutions aimed at supporting businesses towards implementing sustainable practices.
Surojit Shome, CEO, Rabobank India, said, “We are excited to partner with EID Parry, a long-standing client group along with environmental sustainability experts like WWF- India. This project is an integral part of Rabobank’s broader food and agri business strategy of increasing food availability in an environmentally sustainable way. We are certain that this project will enhance our client’s overall performance in a responsible and efficient manner.”
TAGS: EID Parry Rabobank WWF India
More from commodities

Trading violations: Sebi comes out with stringent insider tradingnormsBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pct
Revamping its nearly two-decade old regulations on insider trading, Sebi today approved stricter norms, including new definition for connected people, to prevent the menace.
Apart from clarity on concepts and definitions, the new regulations strengthen legal and enforcement framework while also ensuring that legitimate business transactions are not impacted.
The new Prohibition of Insider Trading Regulations were approved by the board of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) here today.
“The new regulations strengthen the legal and enforcement framework, align Indian regime with international practices, provide clarity with respect to the definitions and concepts, and facilitate legitimate business transactions,” Sebi said in a statement after the board meeting.
Sebi has expanded the definition of ‘Insider’ to include persons connected on the basis of being in any contractual, fiduciary or employment relationship that allows such people access to unpublished price sensitive information (UPSI).
Under the new framework, Sebi has defined a connected person in the context of insider trading activities.
A connected person would be someone who is or has during the past six months prior to the concerned act has been associated with a company, directly or indirectly.
Besides, immediate relatives of connected persons would also come under the same category unless they prove that they were not privy to unpublished price sensitive information.
The onus of establishing that they were not in possession of UPSI would be with the connected persons.
The regulator has decided to remove the requirement for repeated disclosures and ease compliance burden.
“Disclosure of any change of two per cent for persons holding more than five per cent shares or voting rights has been removed as they are prescribed under Takeover Code,” the statement added.
To protect the interest of investors, companies must now disclose UPSI at least two days prior to trading in case of permitted communication of such information.
Besides, communication of such information is prohibited except in instances of legitimate purposes or discharge of legal obligations.
Insider trading refers to dealing in securities after having access to unpublished price sensitive information and such practices provide unfair advantage to the entity who has privy to such details.
Sebi has come across various instances of insider trading activities not just at small companies but also at larger ones.
The definition of UPSI has been strengthened by “providing a test to identify price sensitive information, aligning it with listing agreement and providing platform of disclosure”.
Earlier, the definition of price sensitive information had reference to company only, now it has reference to both a company and securities.
Companies by law would be entitled to require third-party connected persons to disclose their trading and holdings in securities of the company.
In line with the new Companies Act, prohibition on derivative trading by directors and key managerial personnel on securities of the company has been provided.
Disclosure of UPSI in public domain has been made mandatory before trading, so as to rule out asymmetry of information in the market.
“A provision of Trading Plans on the lines of US has been introduced for insiders with necessary safeguards. Such a plan has to be for bona fide transactions and has to be disclosed on stock exchange platform in advance,” the release said.
To provide clarity, generally available information has been defined as information that is accessible to public on a non-discriminatory platform such as stock exchange.
Meanwhile, insiders who are liable to possess UPSI all round the year would have the option to formulate pre-scheduled trading plans.
Among others, principle-based Code of Fair Disclosure and Code of Conduct has been prescribed.
The latest norms have been prepared after taking into consideration recommendations of Sodhi panel and suggestions from various other quarters.
After extensive deliberations, a panel headed by former Justice N K Sodhi had submitted its report on insider trading norms in December 2013. Sodhi was former Chief Justice of Karnataka and Kerala High Courts.
Sebi makes delisting easier, reduces time to 76 working days
Making delisting of companies less cumbersome, capital market regulator Sebi today approved revamped norms that reduce the time taken for completing the process by about half from minimum 137 days at present.
The changes, aimed at making the existing regulatory framework on delisting more effective, have been cleared by the board of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) during their meeting here.
“Timelines for completing the delisting process has been reduced from 137 calendar days (approximately 117 working days) to 76 working days,” the regulator said in a release.
Apart from reducing the timeline, the watchdog has decided to retain the reverse book building process for discovering the price of shares for the purpose of delisting.
Delisting would be considered successful only if at least 25 per cent of the public shareholders participated in the reverse book building process.
Besides, shareholding of the acquirer, together with the shares tendered by public shareholders, should reach 90 per cent of the company’s total share capital.
To ensure that a delisting plan has been decided in a fair manner, the board should approve the same only after due diligence process, for which it can appoint a merchant banker on behalf of the company and the promoter.
Further, the board should certify that the company is in compliance with applicable securities law and that it would be in the interest of shareholders.
Sebi said that an acquirer would have the option to delist the shares of the company directly through delisting regulations pursuant to triggering takeover norms.
“However, if the delisting attempt fails, the acquirer would be required to complete the mandatory open offer process under the Takeover Regulations and pay interest at the rate of 10 per cent per annum for the delayed open offer,” the release said.
Companies having paid up capital of not more than Rs 10 crore and networth that does not exceed Rs 25 crore as on the last day of the previous financial year would be exempted from following the Reverse Book Building process.
“The exemption would be available only if there was no trading in the shares of the company in the last one year from the date of the board resolution authorising the company to go for delisting, and trading of shares of the company has not been suspended for any non-compliance during the same period,” the release said.
According to Sebi, the stock exchange platform should be sued for offers made under Delisting, Buy Back and Takeover Regulations.
Depending on reasons put in writing, Sebi would consider relaxing the strict enforcement of delisting regulations.
Sebi came up with a discussion paper on delisting process in May and comments were received on aspects such as price discovery and shortening of the process.
Wilful defaulters to face curbs on fund mop-up frm capital mkt
To sternly deal with wilful defaulters, Sebi today decided to impose restrictions on such entities with respect to raising funds from capital markets.
Such measures are expected to further enhance the protection of investors in the securities market.
As part of new norms, the watchdog will impose restrictions on companies, promoters, and directors that are categorised as a ‘wilful defaulter’ from accessing the capital markets.
“The Board approved the proposal to review the policy in respect of restricting an issuer company/its promoter/ directors, categorized as wilful defaulter, from raising capital after going through the public consultation process,” Sebi said in statement after the board meeting.
At present, Sebi norms bar wilful defaulters from issuing convertible debt instruments. However, there is no restriction on such entities from raising funds from the capital market by way of public or rights issues, among others
Before finalising stricter regulations to deal with wilful defaulters, Sebi is expected to gather views from various stakeholders. The matter would also be discussed in the Primary Market Advisory Committee (PMAC).
The approval comes at a time when the amount of bad loans is on the rise in the banking system, mainly due to higher number of wilful defaulters.
To tighten the regulatory noose around wilful defaulters, the Reserve Bank has suggested to Sebi that such entities should be prevented from raising funds through capital markets.
Meanwhile, the government is planning to come out with a separate Bill in Parliament to deal with instances of wilful defaults in payment of bank loans.
Stringent action against the wilful defaulters in terms of attachment of properties under Sarfaesi Act (Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act), change in management and other legal action against the promoters, among others, are under consideration.
Sebi approves one-time registration method for DPs
Simplifying procedural requirements, market regulator Sebi today to put in place a oneâ€”time single registration process for depository participants to operate on both CDSL and NSDL.
The initiative will streamline and simplify the registration process and will reduce the regulatory burden and save the cost and time of the applicants.
Sebi’s board today “approved the policy of granting single registration for the application of initial registration as well as the permanent registration for operating with both the depositories (CDSL and NSDL).”
Currently, the depository participants are required to obtain separate registration for both the depositories. Further, the applicants are granted initial registration for five years and then permanent registrations.
The Board also took note of other measures taken by Sebi in the last two years to simplify the process of registration and to reduce the regulatory burden.
Some of these measures include doing away with segment -wise registration for brokers, removing the requirement of separate registration with different stock exchanges and allowing one time registration instead of yearly approval.
Besides, Sebi board has approved a proposal to allow Venture Capital Investors (FVCIs) in Core Investment Companies (CICs) for infrastructure sector to help attract overseas funds in this space.
The move will remove any hindrance for investment in the infrastructure sector through the FVCI route and to boost the infrastructure sector in the country.
Besides, Sebi has accepted the recommendations of ‘Depository System Review Committee’ on risk management, financial inclusion and expanding the reach of depository services, Investor Protection Fund of the depositories, outsourcing policy and IT Infrastructure.
The committee was constituted to assess the depository system on the basis of CPSS-IOSCO principles so as to benchmark with global best practices and suggest areas for improvement.
Further Sebi’s board approved the proposal to frame suitable regulations for using secondary market infrastructure for public issuance (e-IPO).
Also, Sebi has given nod to the proposal to initiate public consultation process on re-classification of promoters and the regulator also approved proposal regarding issuance of partly paid shares and warrants by Indian companies.
Sebi comes out with new listing regulations
Bringing in comprehensive norms for various listed securities, Sebi has finalised detailed listing regulations aimed at ensuring better compliance levels and strengthening safeguards for investors.
The new regulations have been put in place after taking into consideration the need for having a framework to consolidate listing obligations and disclosure requirements for listed entities across all these securities at one place.
“This regulation would consolidate and streamline the provisions of existing listing agreements thereby ensuring better enforceability,” Sebi said in a statement after the board meeting where the framework was approved.
At present, there are separate listing agreements for different segments of the capital market.
The norms have been prepared after extensive consultations. A discussion paper on the matter was floated in May this year.
Overarching principles would be incorporated in the provisions of listing regulations to ensure that they serve as guidelines for compliance in case there is any ambiguity.
The enabling provision for annual information memorandum would be retained in the new regulations.
Under the revamped framework, listed entities would have to co-operate with intermediaries registered with Sebi such as debenture trustees and credit rating agencies.
Among others, listed entities have to compulsorily appoint Company Secretary as compliance officer except for units of mutual funds listed on stock exchanges.
Within six months of notifying these regulations, entities would have to “execute a shortened version of listing agreement”. Such a mechanism has been put in place to ensure since listing agreement is a contractual pact between the stock exchange and listed entity.
There would be converged provisions for specified securities (equity segment) listed on Main Board and SME platform with necessary carve-outs for SMEs.
For redressal of investor grievances, listed entities would have to mandatorily register with SCORES. All filings by listed entities have to be made electronically.
The new norms would be applicable for equity, non- convertible debt securities, non-convertible redeemable preference shares, Indian Depository Receipts, securitised debt instruments and units issued by mutual fund schemes, among others.
The listing regulations have been divided into three parts — substantive provisions incorporated in the main body of regulations, procedural requirements in the form of schedules and various formats/forms of disclosures to be specified by Sebi through circulars.
Various changes have also been made to provide clarity about the regulations.
Such changes include removal of dichotomy regarding utilisation of issue proceeds, aligning connected provisions pertaining to disclosures on website and issuing advertisements, disclosures in annual report, and operational modalities in manner of review of audit reports with modified opinion.
Requirements which are in the nature of continuous disclosure and obligations have been shifted and now incorporated in the listing regulations.
TAGS: Sebi
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

BSE Sensex slips from peak  NSE Nifty closes below 8 400 on profit-taking; Tata Steel  Sesa Sterlite in top loserslistBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pct
The benchmark BSE Sensex today logged new lifetime high of 28,294.01 but retreated after a late fall gripped stocks to end 130 points down at 28,032.85, amid profit-taking in bluechips from metal, power and oil&gas space.
The BSE 30-share barometer, after hitting the new peak in the opening trade, succumbed to profit-booking and selling by foreign funds at record levels. At one point, it slipped below the 28,000-mark to touch the day’s low of 27,963.51.
The gauge settled 130.44 points, or 0.46 per cent, lower at 28,032.85. Yesterday, it had touched intra-day high of 28,282.85 but had ended with a loss of 14.59 points.
Major losers that pulled down Sensex and Nifty from record highs included Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, GAIL, BHEL, Tata Motors, NTPC, Sun Pharma, ONGC, CIL, RIL and SBI.
Similarly, the NSE 50-scrip index Nifty after scaling a new peak of 8,455.65 at the outset, beating previous record of 8,454.50 touched yesterday, fell. It ended below the 8,400-mark to close with a loss of 43.60 points, or 0.52 per cent, at 8,382.30. Intra-day, it had touched a low of 8360.50.
Traders said besides profit-booking, a mixed trend in global markets ahead of the release of minutes of Federal Reserve policy meeting, led to the fall in Indian shares.
“Market remained in a very narrow range for most part of the trading session and corrected in the last 90 minutes of the trading session. Stocks that were top performing in the first half of the trading session, were the ones that corrected the most in the second half of the trading session,” said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
The local currency also appeared to be having a bad day with rupee trading near 62-levels against the US dollar.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth Rs 101.98 crore yesterday, first net sales in almost 3 weeks.
Sectorally, the BSE Metal index suffered the most by losing 2.14 per cent, followed by Power index which fell 1.80 per cent, Oil & Gas index by 1.35 per cent, Consumer Durables by 1.22 per cent and Realty index by 0.99 per cent.
Selling activity also gained momentum in small and mid-cap sector stocks. The BSE Small-cap index lost 0.65 per cent and Mid-cap index fell 0.63 per cent.
Bucking the trend, Dr Reddy, HUL, HDFC, Bajaj Auto, Airtel, L&T, Infosys and ICICI Bank ended up.
Indian shares retreat from record highs on profit-taking, FII sales
(Reuters) Indian shares fell on Wednesday, retreating from record highs hit earlier in the session as investors pared positions in blue-chips such as Tata Motors after overseas investors marked their first sale of cash shares in three weeks.
Foreign institutional investors sold Indian shares worth 1.02 billion rupees ($16.5 million) on Tuesday, marking their first sale since Oct. 28.
Overseas investors have been key drivers of the stock market rally this year, buying a net $15.47 billion worth of shares so far in 2014, according to regulatory data.
But caution is now beginning to set in ahead of the winter session of the parliament scheduled to begin next week, when Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government is expected to push a slew of reforms including goods and services tax.
Investors are also looking forward to the Reserve Bank of India’s policy review on Dec. 2, while also tracking global factors, including minutes of the U.S. Fed’s policy meeting due later this week.
“FIIs are making good profit on Indian shares after a long time, so expect 3-5 percent correction by December-end due to profit taking,” said G. Chokkalingam, founder of Equinomics, a research and fund advisory firm.
The BSE index fell 0.46 percent after hitting an all-time high of 28,294.01 earlier in the day.
The NSE index settled down 0.52 percent after rising to a record high of 8,455.65.
Blue-chips led falls amid profit-taking. The 50-share NSE index has gained 35.2 percent so far this year, making India the best performing equity market in Asia during the period.
Tata Motors fell 2.2 percent, while Sun Pharmaceutical Industries ended lower 1.9 percent.
ITC lost 0.7 percent, while Tata Steel  ended 3.2 percent lower.     State bank of India lost 1.2 percent after rising 8.3 percent in the previous three sessions.
Reliance Industries fell 1.1 percent, Oil and Natural Gas Corp lost 1.7 percent, and Cairn India  declined 2.7 percent.
Among gainers, consumer goods stocks rose on hopes falling inflation would lift spending, while lower raw material costs would aid margins.
Hindustan Unilever rose 1.1 percent and Britannia Industries advanced 2.1 percent.
New entrants on the MSCI India index rose ahead of rejig effective from the close of Nov. 25. Zee Entertainment gained 1.4 percent, while Motherson Sumi Systems ended up 0.1 percent.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex Sensex And Nifty
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

Gold rate closes steady at Rs 26 800 in Delhi; silver recovers on increaseddemandGold futures price falls on global cues
In thin trading, gold rate remained steady at Rs 26,800 per ten gram at the bullion market in Delhi today on scattered buying by jewellers and retailers even as the metal weakened in the global markets.
However, silver price found fresh buying support from industrial users and recovered by Rs 485 to Rs 36,300 per kg.
Traders said scattered buying by jewellers and retailers at current levels mainly kept gold prices unchanged.
Globally, gold prices fell by 0.3 per cent to USD 1,194.10 an ounce in Singapore on speculation that a rally to a two-week high will erode demand as dollar strengthens.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity continued to be traded at previous levels of Rs 26,800 and Rs 26,600 per ten gram respectively. Sovereign followed suit remained steady at Rs 23,800 per piece of eight gram.
On the other hand, silver ready rebounded by Rs 485 to Rs 36,300 per kg but weekly-based delivery fell by Rs 380 to Rs 35,870 per kg due to lack of buying by speculators.
Silver coins held at previous levels of Rs 60,000 for buying and Rs 61,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
More from commodities

BSE Sensex slips below 28K-level after hitting recordhighBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pct
The BSE Sensex failed to hold its record-high levels and slipped below the 28,000-mark by falling over 175 points during midsession as funds and retail investors indulged in profit-booking amid weak global cues.
After hitting a new peak of 28,294.01 in the opening trade on the back of continued overseas capital inflows and positive economic data, the Sensex fell back to dip below the psychological 28,000-mark by losing 175.51 points, or 0.62 per cent, to 27,987.78 at 1415 hours.
Major losers that pulled down the Sensex and Nifty from record highs were metal, power, infrastructure, PSU, oil & gas, auto, realty and banking sector stocks.
The 30-share index had lost 14.59 points in the previous session.
Similarly, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty after scaling a new peak of 8,455.65 at the outset, succumbed to widespread profit-booking and slipped below the 8,400-mark to quote 61.95 points, or 0.74 per cent, lower at 8,363.95.
Brokers said emergence of profit-booking by funds in stocks that had recently logged gains and a weak trend in global markets led to the fall in markets.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 101.98 crores yesterday, according to provisional data from the stock exchange.
Bucking the trend, shares of Dr Reddy, Hindustan Unilever, ICICI Bank, L&T, ITC Ltd, Bharti Airtel and Bajaj Auto on sustained buying by participants.
Among other Asian markets, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was down 0.66 per cent, while Japan’s Nikkei shed 0.32 per cent. European markets were down in their opening trade.
TAGS: BSE Sensex India Markets NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

Indian diabetics consume high amount of carbohydrates: studyKey protein may contribute to wound healing, tumour growth
The Indian diabetics’ population, which is second largest in the world with an estimated 65 million affected people, consumes high amount of carbohydrates, according to a study.
The dietary habits of diabetics are not much different from those of non-diabetics, as per the recent STARCH study conducted by Bayer Zydus Pharma, in collaboration with Prof Dr Shashank Joshi and nine other imminent endocrinologists/ diabetologists, with the objective of assessing the total and complex carbohydrate content in the daily diet of the type-2 diabetes population.
The Indian diabetes population consumes higher than recommended carbohydrates in their diet (64.1 per cent energy comes from carbohydrates), the study says.
“The study highlights the fact that carbohydrates are consumed widely across India and not only in south of India. This is contrary to the myth that people in the southern part of the country consume higher carbohydrates in their meals. Even if diabetes participants (in the study) know that they have diabetes and need to follow certain diet patterns, they do not necessarily adhere to it,” according to Dr Shashank Joshi.
In the diabetes group, the mean percentage of total energy intake from carbohydrates was 64.1 per cent, which is much higher than the upper limit of 60 per cent as recommended by the National Institute of Nutrition.
High carbohydrate consumption among people with diabetes is associated with abnormal blood sugar levels, particularly the post-meal blood sugar levels.
The experts suggested that people with diabetes should be encouraged to achieve optimal metabolic control through a balance of food intake, physical activity and medication considering these observations to avoid long-term complications.
India has the second largest diabetes population with an estimate of 65 million affected people, as of 2013. This is projected to rise to 109 million by 2035, according to the International Diabetes Federation.
Diet and dietary carbohydrates have a direct impact on blood glucose control (especially the post-meal blood glucose) in diabetes patients, the study said.
All national and international guidelines suggest diet management as the initial mainstay for the management of diabetes.
Barring a few studies, there has been no study documenting the dietary habits of the diabetes population compare to non-diabetes population across India. There was a need to conduct a dietary survey considering the diverse food habits in various parts of the country, as per the study.
“Diabetes is emerging as a major health issue for India. Through this study we hope to provide medical professionals valuable insights on the carbohydrate consumption patterns across India and its impact on diabetes management.
“The study is our endeavour to improve the life of our patients and is in line with our mission at Bayer – Science for a better life,” says Angel- Michael Evangelista, Managing Director of Bayer Zydus Pharma.
The study is an eye opener as far as the widely varying dietary habits of persons with diabetes in different parts of the country is concerned. A ‘one size fits all’ approach to medical nutrition therapy is unlikely to succeed in India.
“As clinicians, we need to ensure that the patients are provided with proper diet counselling with support from a dietitian if required,” Joshi said.
TAGS: Diabetes Health News
More from health
New drug provides fresh hope for cancer patients A new type of cancer therapy has produced dramatic results in patients with advanced leukaemia in an early-phase clinical trial...

US blasts banks commodities operationsReport blasts US banks’ physical commodities operations
Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/785e4552-700e-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama to unveil immigration overhaulObama to unveil immigration overhaul
Megan Murphy and Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32fe71be-7016-11e4-bc6a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Keystone pipeline vote failsKeystone pipeline vote fails in US Senate
Barney Jopson in Washington and Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6eba1e00-6f7c-11e4-b50f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

OECD raises FY16 growth forecast to 6.6%Policy reform to support India's growth potential: Moody's
India’s economy is likely to grow at 6.6% in 2015-16, up from an earlier forecast made in May of 5.7%, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development said on Wednesday.
The economy, which is recovering faster than the others that faced slowing growth, is expected to grow 5.4% this fiscal, the OECD said. Growth would edge up to 6.8 % in 2016-17, for which reviving manufacturing activities would be vital. “Reducing barriers to manufacturing growth, which has contributed relatively little to growth of GDP or exports, will be critical,” said the survey which also made a strong case for simpler and more flexible labour law.
To achieve 8% growth, India needs to reduce subsidies, spend more on social and physical infrastructure, bring a Goods and Services Tax and free up funds for infra. India also needs to improve the quality of fiscal consolidation at the Central and state level, OECD said.
According to it, India’s inflation, which is expected to be at 6.9% in 2014-15, would fall to 5.4% the next year and would edge up to 5.6% in the subsequent year. In an earlier forecast, OECD had said inflation would remain above 6% over the next few years.
TAGS: Indian Economy
More from economy
Russia may set up 20-24 nuclear energy units in India Russia may set up 20-24 nuclear energy units in India as the two sides are likely to come out with a road map for cooperation in the energy...

India set to cross US to become worlds second-largest Net userPolicy reform to support India's growth potential: Moody's
India is set to surpass the United States to become the world’s second-largest internet user base by December this year, next only to China. Propelled by increasing smartphone sales, the internet user base in the country has grown 30% year-on-year, a report by the Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) and IMRB International said on Wednesday.
Total number of  Indian internet users are set to grow to 302 million by December according to the report. More than 60% of the country’s online population access internet through mobile phones. China has more than 600 million internet users.
The IAMAI report stated that India had 159 million mobile internet users in October, a figure that is estimated to reach 173 million by the end of December. The country is now adding five million new internet users every month — connecting only through mobile devices. Half of the country’s internet population access the medium only through mobile.
According to the report, the internet users in rural India constituted a third of country’s online population and is growing at 39% to reach 101 million in October this year. The number of internet users in urban India has grown by 29% from October 2013 to reach 177 million in October 2014.
While it took more than a decade for the number of internet users to move from 10 million to 100 million, the country’s internet population exploded over the past three years from 100 to 200 million.
Search was the most important use of internet followed by online communication — fuelled by messenger apps — and social networking in that order, the report added. However, in rural India, entertainment is the primary reason for internet usage, followed by communication and social networking.
Experts say that the explosive growth in mobile internet usage has fuelled massive valuation for India’s e-commerce companies that now have 50% of its consumers coming through mobile platform. The growth has also given a fillip to country’s startup and product ecosystem. Facebook counts India as one its biggest markets in terms of potential growth. Google has also launched its cheaper Android One platform in India.
Rajan Anandan, Google India managing director, told FE: “This rapid growth in the mobile ecosystem is now impacting every segment of the internet in India. Search, social, video, local, messaging, gaming and e-commerce are all being deeply impacted by mobile. It is creating unprecedented opportunity for mobile-first startups in India — both building products for India as well as those “born in India and instantly global.”
TAGS: Internet And Mobile Association Of India Internet Users
More from economy
Russia may set up 20-24 nuclear energy units in India Russia may set up 20-24 nuclear energy units in India as the two sides are likely to come out with a road map for cooperation in the energy...

Govt wants ONGC & OIL to revive old  closed wellsPolicy reform to support India's growth potential: Moody's
The government has asked PSU explorers ONGC and Oil India (OIL) to examine the possibility of ‘using modern technology’ to revive old or closed wells in the matured fields. Also being considered is whether a  group of sick wells could be bid out to smaller operators that are in a position to extract value through focussed operation.
A comprehensive action plan for revival of such wells is being prepared by upstream regulator Directorate General of Hydrocarbons (DGH) along with ONGC and OIL. The centre is hoping that it could help in ramping up domestic hydrocarbon output and reduce the ballooning oil import bill.
ONGC has hired Schlumberger for the job and have identified 30 such wells to run a pilot project, while OIL has engaged France’s FOROIL to test 22 shut wells, sources told FE. The pilot project would bring to limelight how many sick or shut wells could be revived and at what cost.
The efforts to ramp up domestic hydrocarbon output is being continuously monitored by Cabinet Secretariat. The nodal ministry is being directed to make a time bound plan and the first set of results of the pilot projects are expected in November.
Most of the major fields of ONGC and OIL are old and mature, which has resulted in an increased rate of wells falling sick. Though, this is a normal phenomenon in field management, but inventory of non-flowing wells is about 15% of these explorers. These fields are often associated with the problems of declining reservoir pressure, change of fluid characteristics, resulting in wells becoming sick due to poor influx, sand incursion and choking of production tubing, among others.
“While both ONGC and OIL have an action plan for liquidation of sick wells, application of new technology for revival of sick wells is still conservative and requires a boost. There is need for identification of a technology partner to induct the right technology and prepare a clear road map for addressing the problem,” said the source quoted earlier.
An option being explored is whether a group of such sick wells could be bid out to smaller operators who could be in a position to extract value through focused operation. In such cases, ONGC and OIL would need to provide access to such operators to their pipelines for evacuation of oil and gas. However, government would have to offer lucrative fiscal regime to make such bids attractive.
TAGS: Oil India ONGC
More from economy
Russia may set up 20-24 nuclear energy units in India Russia may set up 20-24 nuclear energy units in India as the two sides are likely to come out with a road map for cooperation in the energy...

Editorial: Vodafone/Shell challengeUber cabs rape case: Govt cracks down, bans Delhi operations; India blow looms
The Bombay High Court striking down the taxman’s R18,000 crore income adjustment to Shell India’s income, on top of a similar order for the R4,800 crore case against Vodafone India, comes as a big relief. Not just to the 25-odd companies in the tax net—R7,000 crore has been added to the incomes of 5 Essar Group firms—but to most firms bringing in investment into India. If a foreign firm has to infuse capital into an existing subsidiary, the only way this can be done is through the Indian subsidiary issuing shares to the parent. In the Shell case, the taxman had said the shares issued at the par value of R10 were actually worth R183 each. Apart from the issue of how the shares were to be valued, itself a contentious issue, the larger point was about whether capital transactions were even subject to income tax. In both Vodafone and Shell, and presumably the same logic will be applied to the other companies as and when their cases come up, the court never got into the issue of valuation, but ruled that capital transactions cannot be said to lead to income. That the taxman will not be able to question FDI flows has to be a big relief for investors.
The big question, then, is whether the finance ministry will challenge the Bombay High Court judgments in the Supreme Court. Under the normal course of things, it will since, if no appeal is made, the CAG can always say this was a potential revenue loss to the government. The difference, this time around, is finance minister Arun Jaitley’s statements about having a non-adversarial tax regime and allowing existing retrospective tax cases—the taxmen applied retrospective tax amendments in these cases as well—to be decided by various courts. If Jaitley challenges the order, it will send out a signal of business as usual, of the taxman being in control of things. Indeed, on November 7, a CBDT circular asked taxmen not to go for ‘high-pitched assessments without proper basis’ and it also said ‘senior officers have been directed to ensure that appeals are filed only on the merits thereof and not merely on the tax effect involved’. With Vodafone/Shell being cases where the taxman’s case has little merit—also, the taxman wins just 12% of cases in the Supreme Court and about a fifth in the tribunals and the high courts—this is a good example of the rubber meeting the road. Watch this space!
TAGS: Shell India Vodafone India
More from companies

Column: Three reasons to cut ratesContaining the rising stressed assets in Indian banks
A lower cost of capital, as finance minister Arun Jaitley has held, will indeed give a good fillip to the Indian economy. Although we fancy ourselves as relentless hawks, we have never understood the argument that a rate cut will not help growth, especially at this stage of the cycle. First, the incentive to invest will surely depend on the rising demand that will come with lower rates. A lot is made about how the 2003-2007 up-cycle was driven by rising investment, but it should not be forgotten that this itself resulted from former RBI Governor Bimal Jalan’s sustained easing. Second, we believe we are a long, long way away from a situation of growth pressuring up inflation. FY15 growth, at our expected 5.5%, is way below our estimated 7.5% potential. Finally, real rates faced by industry are at historical highs, hurting economic recovery. On balance, we continue to expect Governor Raghuram Rajan to turn more dovish in December and cut rates by 25 bps in February.
We reiterate that lending rate cuts hold the key to recovery. We have decomposed India’s growth slowdown of 300 bps odd into four factors: (a) global downturn (150 bps); (b) monetary tightening (75 bps); capex slowdown (50 bps) and erratic rains (25 bps). We see only a modest upturn in global growth, to 3.6% in 2015 from 3.1% in 2014. Capex is also unlikely to turn around in 1H2015. Against this backdrop, our 6.5% FY16 growth forecast critically hinges on 50-75 bps of lending rate cuts. Given that we have already entered the October-March busy season, it is unlikely that banks will be able to cut rates before April. As rate cuts typically take about 6 months to have effect, it will support growth only in 2H2015.
It is also critical to understand that investment has slowed down, not only in India, but all over the world. While the earlier “policy paralysis” in New Delhi may have stalled infrastructure projects, the fact is that the global downturn has dampened the incentive to expand capacity. Against this backdrop, the capex cycle is unlikely to recover in 1H2015 unless rates come off to support domestic demand.
We are a long, long way away from the situation of growth pushing up inflation. In fact, RBI’s freshly-minted inflation model shows that a 100 bps increase in growth will fuel only 20 bps of CPI inflation given the slack in the economy.
Coming back to argument being put forth that a rate cut will not support growth at this stage of the cycle, isn’t it Econ 101 that a cut in interest rates will spur aggregate demand and investment? It is true that aggregate demand could spill over into inflation if the economy is growing beyond potential. However, the present challenge is surely to bring the economy back to potential than worry about what will happen after that. Although much is made of India’s “inflation problem”, the fact is that the inflation-growth trade-off is actually far superior to many other BRIC/TIM countries. India’s inflation is 1.3x of growth, far better than Brazil’s 32x and Russia’s 28x. The relationship between domestic growth and inflation has broken down in the face of ‘imported’ commodity price inflation coming-off with the tightening of global liquidity. With the US Fed’s tapering turning into rate hike expectations, commodity prices are expected to remain stable for now.
High rates are proving a disincentive to produce and invest. While the consumer faces CPI inflation, the producer’s pricing power is better measured by non-food manufacturing WPI inflation. On ex-post basis, real lending rates, at 12.5%, are at historical highs relative to the average of 8.8% since 1997. This is clearly hurting economic recovery. An RBI study recently estimated that a 100 bps increase in nominal lending rates reduces the investment rate by 11 bps in the short run and 61 bps in the long run.
We are growing increasingly confident about our call for a RBI repo rate cut in February. While the December policy should turn more dovish, Rajan may want to await further clarity on the inflation peak-off before actually cutting rates. In our view, of course, RBI is well set to achieve its inflation targets (assuming normal rains and Brent at US$100/barrel) of 8% for January 2015 and 6% for January 2016.
Doesn’t RBI need to hold high rates to support the rupee at a time of a stronger dollar? Not really, in our view, with Rajan recouping FX reserves. Experience suggests that high import cover—rather than high rates—hold the key to rupee stability. Our call that RBI should be able to hold the rupee at 58-62 to the dollar, with falling oil prices and gold import curbs offsetting the dollar, is holding good so far. In fact, the rupee appreciates (depreciates) when RBI cuts (hikes) rates. That is because the FII equity portfolio, at about $330 billion, that responds to growth, is 6x the FII debt portfolio, that may respond to higher rates. In fact, July 2013 shows that expectations of MTM gains on perceived rate peak-off have been a bigger driver for FII debt inflows. The rate differential, at 800 bps, is already far higher than the average 460 bps since January 2003.
Edited excerpts from the Nov 18 India Economic Watch report of the Bank of America Merrill Lynch
By Indranil Sen Gupta & Abhishek Gupta
The authors are India Economists at DSP Merrill Lynch (India)
TAGS: Arun Jaitley Raghuram Rajan
More from fecolumnist
Making the internet talk local The growth of internet in India now depends on bringing down the language barrier

Column: The continuing foolishness on goldContaining the rising stressed assets in Indian banks
The October trade figures show a sharp increase in gold imports. Diwali was in October. So, what’s the issue?
Indians buy gold. Indians have always bought gold and Indians will always buy gold for ornamentation —thank God for that—and savings. It has been variously estimated that about 40% of India’s gold consumption (usually between 800 and 1,000 tonnes a year) goes to jewellery; the balance is for savings and, I suppose, an inflation hedge. As growth climbs into a higher gear, personal demand for gold will certainly increase. So, gold demand can only be brought down by providing Indians more effective channels for savings—period.
Higher import duties will only lead to smuggling—the World Gold Council estimates that 200 tonnes of gold were smuggled since the import duty hikes in August last year—which means (a) remittances will fall by an equivalent amount with no net impact on the current account, and (b) the underworld, which had been nicely tucked away for many years, will come back to life. There is already anecdotal evidence of this—talk to Mahesh Bhatt and company.
So, why is the government looking at trying to curb imports? In point of fact, higher gold imports would push the current account further into the red, signaling the fact that India is not competitive at current exchange rates. Many models, including our own, suggest the rupee is about 5 rupees (around 8%) overvalued currently. Export growth is, unsurprisingly, down, and we need to recognise that in a soft global market our currency needs to be under- rather than overvalued to push exports.Perhaps, the trauma of 2013 is still fresh in RBI’s and the government’s minds and they fear another runaway rupee. And, indeed, there is—and will always be—a threat of some global drama triggering a rush for the exits. But, as RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has often said, the only protection against a global financial catastrophe is internal strength. Very clearly, gold import curbs would not be seen a sign of internal strength—most investors would see this as a major weakness. So, if the intent was to “fake” the CAD by preventing free imports of gold, my sense is that it would be highly counterproductive, particularly as and when global winds pick up.
Coincidentally, the international gold market itself is signaling that something may be cooking. I have been monitoring the volatility of gold for a long time now and, almost on cue—I was targeting October 23—it has spiked higher from a low of just under 11% (close to the all time low from which it shot up in two previous episodes) to over 14% in just three weeks.
The immediate cause for the spike was the announcement that Switzerland will be running a referendum on November 30 which, if passed, would require the Swiss National Bank (SNB) to hold 20% of its reserves in gold; this would trigger huge buying since the current holding is much lower than that.
Of course, few people expect the referendum to be passed—over the past two years, the SNB has been building its reserves hugely to prevent the Swiss franc from appreciating beyond 1.20 to the euro, and for it to now divest these reserves into gold would be costly and would undermine its careful policy of protecting Swiss export competitiveness. Given that global markets are soft, in any case, this would be patently foolish.
The key question, though, is whether this is just a short-term spike and volatility will again subside to the recent norms? Or, will it reflect the past two patterns and screech higher towards 30%? As the accompanying chart shows, it could go either way.
But irrespective of whether gold volatility subsides—and we go back to a relatively boring, but safer, world where equity markets continue upwards, global interest rates remain subdued, hopefully supporting growth, and the dollar corrects—or gets into another another grotesque upward spiral which could result in another round of mayhem in financial markets, India’s gold import policy should be driven by the continuing need to strengthen our underlying economy.
As is well known, Indians own 25,000 to 35,000 tonnes of gold. Importantly, these are assets, and foreign currency assets, at that; they form part of the core strength of the Indian economy. RBI and the government need to unwind every constraint keeping these assets from the market. Many people have spoken/written on this. Back in August last year, I wrote a column suggesting the government, as an easy starting point, approach temples which may well be the “wholesale” holders of gold and enable them to get a better return on their holdings while bringing blocked gold into the market. That column got more response than any other I had written, including a call from the VHP, offended that I was suggesting that Hindu gold should be used to bail out the UPA government. With the change in the political scenario, perhaps the now is the right time.
By Jamal Mecklai
TAGS: Gold Gold Imports World Gold Council
More from fecolumnist
Making the internet talk local The growth of internet in India now depends on bringing down the language barrier

Weak yen challenges other central banksYen weakness challenges other central banks
Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/55617b66-6fcb-11e4-a0c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stumbling won may give Japan an advantageStumbling won may give Japan an advantage
Jamie Chisholm
Bank of Korea set to deliver latest policy decision
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/28a62e7e-6a48-11e4-8fca-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Definition of  insider  widened: Key factsBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pct
The board of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Wednesday announced a host of market reforms, including new regulations to tackle the menace of insider trading and amending of the delisting guidelines. The regulator also approved new norms that will allow entities to settle enforcement proceedings for minor violations, even before the issuance of formal show cause notice by the market regulator.
Here are some key facts:
IMMEDIATE RELATIVE OF INSIDER TO COME UNDER LENS
* Immediate relatives of company insiders will be presumed to be connected persons, with a right to rebut the presumption.
* Definition of insider made wider by including persons connected on the basis of being in any contractual, fiduciary or employment relationship
* Insider will also include a person in possession to unpublished information
DELISTING NORMS AMENDED
* Delisting will be allowed only when the acquirer gets 90% of the stake
* Timeline cut from 137 calendar days to 76  working days
NO ACTION AGAINST WILFUL DEFAULTERS
* The board of the Sebi just approves plan to review the policy on restricting wilful defaulters from fund raising from the market after public consultation
TAGS: Insider Trading Sebi
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

Yahoo ousts Google with Firefox dealYahoo ousts Google with Firefox deal
Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ee7d4b6-704e-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rs 12 lakh crore investment deals likely at Vibrant GujaratOver Rs.12 lakh crore investment deals likely at Vibrant Gujarat
IANS –  Wed 19 Nov, 2014 10:52 PM IST
Print
Hyderabad, Nov 19 (IANS) Gujarat expects investment deals of over Rs.12 lakh crore at the Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors' Summit scheduled to be held in January, a minister said here Wednesday.
This will be the first summit without Narendra Modi as the chief minister but state cabinet minister Bhupendrasinh Chudasama said he was confident that Gujarat will sign more agreements than last year.
Agreements involving investment of about Rs.12 lakh crore were signed during 2013.
"It will be more than that at the upcoming event," Chudasama told reporters on the sidelines of a road show held here Wednesday.
The minister for education, science and technology said eight countries - the US, Japan, Australia, Canada, Singapore, South Africa, Britain and the Netherlands - will be partners for the seventh edition of Vibrant Gujarat to be held Jan 11-13 in Gandhinagar.
Over 2,500 international delegates from more than 150 countries are expected for the event, as against 2,100 from 121 countries in 2013.
Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation managing director B.B. Swain said at least 100 CEOs of the Fortune 500 club were expected to participate.
There will be a conclave of global CEOs and voices of noble laureates.
Osamu Suzuki, chairman and CEO of Suzuki Motor Corporation; Indra Nooyi, chairman and chief executive officer, PepsiCo; Mark Zuckerberg, CEO, Facebook; Satya Nadella, CEO, Microsoft; Larry Page, CEO, Google and AMarry Barra, CEO, General Motors are among the likely participants.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

We are not communal  Islam will grow better under our regime: BJPNarendra Modi out of race for TIME 'Person of the Year' title
Attempting to make inroads into Kashmir Valley, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) said on Wednesday that it was not “communal” and Islam will grow “better” under its regime if the party is voted to power in the state.
“This notion that BJP is a communal party is wrong. Kashmir is the land of Sufi saints and Islam will grow better during our regime,” BJP leader and party in-charge of Kashmir affairs, Ramesh Arora told reporters here.
Arora said though a state has no religion, everyone had a right to propagate his religion and there should be no political interference in it.
“The state as such has no religion but we (BJP) respect all religions and pledge religious freedom to all as guaranteed in the Constitution.
“Everyone has a right to propagate his religion and there should be no political interference in it,” he said.
The BJP state vice-president said the party’s stand on the Article 370 of the Constitution, which guarantees a special status to Jammu and Kashmir, was clear and it wants a debate over it.
“We have a clear stand on Article 370, which Modi and other leaders of the party have made specifically clear that we want debate and discussions on the issue.
“If people think it benefits them, then let it be but if they say it has not benefitted them, we will proceed accordingly,” he said.
The BJP leader said that “political terrorism”, among other factors, was responsible for the situation in Jammu and Kashmir and the politicians in the state had been “exploiting” the people in all the three regions for their benefits.
“Among other factors, political terrorism is responsible for the situation in Jammu and Kashmir. There is political sponsored terrorism in the unrest that happened in the state and in last elections as well. We do not want to run the things like that,” Arora said.
He said people of the state had understood that BJP is the only option to take the state forward towards development and prosperity.
“There has been large scale corruption which has lead to unemployment, non-development and big projects not taking off here. People have now understood that BJP is the only option to take the state forward towards development and prosperity,” he said.
The BJP leader said the Assembly polls in the state were of “historical importance” as BJP was on its way to become an important player in the politics of the state.
“This poll is of historical importance as this is the first time that BJP is cruising ahead to achieve its Mission 44 Plus to be an important player,” he said.
Arora said Prime Minister Narendra Modi was committed to change the situation in the state.
“Modi has shown his commitment, with honesty and with an open heart just like Atal Behari Vajpayee had, to change the situation in Jammu and Kashmir like rest of the country. You saw how he visited the state after the floods and announced packages,” he said.
Arora said the party’s fight will be against the “administrative and political injustice” in the state.
“Our fight is against the bureaucratic and administrative injustice, against the political and police injustice and BJP will check that,” he said.
Asked about RSS’s campaign for the BJP, Arora said,”If anyone wants to campaign for us, how can we stop them?”
“Not only RSS, there are some Muslim clerics who are with us. We cannot tell them to not support us,” he said.
Reacting to JK Pradesh Congress Committee chief Saif-ud-din Soz’s assertion that there was a danger to the country because of the politics of the BJP, Arora said the Congress leader had “gone mad”.
“Soz has gone mad. This is the fear psychosis in them that they say these things. An atmosphere is being built that there is a danger to Kashmiriyat from BJP. The real danger is from those who say these things.
“The politicians have been exploiting the people in all the three regions of the state and the BJP wants to stop the exploitation of the people,” he said.
Addressing a rally in north Kashmir’s Bandipora district yesterday, Soz said Congress wants to keep the unity and brotherhood in the country intact, but there was a “danger” to the country because of the politics of Modi.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party BJP News Jammu And Kashmir Elections
More from miscellaneous
Barack Obama’s bid to regulate internet access divides civil rights groups When US President Obama laid out his vision for strict regulation of internet access last month, he was voicing views thought to be held by...

Sharad Pawar says won t topple Maha BJP govtNarendra Modi out of race for TIME 'Person of the Year' title
A day after his remarks on possibility of mid-term polls in Maharashtra caused a flutter, NCP chief Sharad Pawar on Wednesday sought to downplay the matter saying he did not intend to dislodge the fledgling BJP government and his statement was blown out of proportion.
However, BJP’s estranged ally Shiv Sena, at whose expense NCP had announced outside support to the government last month, hit out at the Maratha strongman, saying he “is known for playing politics of distrust” and is trying to take advantage of current political instability by indulging in posturing.
“We don’t have any interest in toppling this government,” Pawar said while addressing the concluding function of the two-day conclave of senior NCP leaders at Alibaug in neighbouring Raigad district.
“I did not speak anything different than what I said earlier that we don’t have any interest in pulling down the government. But if Maharashtra’s interests are not being protected, any party will take a stance,” he said.
However, Pawar retained the element of suspense over his stand, saying, “We can be emphatic if the state government is not taking the right decision or if a legislation is not agreeable.”
Observing that NCP is not pulling down the government, Pawar said his yesterday’s statement that “having a stable government in Maharashtra isn’t NCP’s responsibility. We have to be ready to face snap polls in Maharashtra,” was blown out of proportion.
“The picture painted after my yesterday’s speech is exaggerated. We have been given a mandate to sit in opposition. We are ready to take to the streets for any issue which is in the interest of people,” the NCP chief said, adding “but this does not mean that we want to create instability.”
However, Sena slammed Pawar’s statement, saying “Sharad Pawar is taking advantage of this unstable government, but the Shiv Sena will stand firmly here. Let Pawar do whatever he wishes to. The Sena is fulfilling its role as an Opposition party honestly and with utmost sincerity.
“He has the habit of creating an air of confusion and then gaining politically from it. This is his politics of survival,” an editorial in Sena mouthpiece ‘Saamana’ said.
TAGS: BJP BJP News Maharashtra Sharad Pawar
More from miscellaneous
Barack Obama’s bid to regulate internet access divides civil rights groups When US President Obama laid out his vision for strict regulation of internet access last month, he was voicing views thought to be held by...

Congress resents comparison between Indira  ModiNarendra Modi out of race for TIME 'Person of the Year' title
Congress leaders, on the occasion of the 97th birth anniversary of former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi on Wednesday, resented comparison between her and Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and vented anger at him for giving a miss to her martyrdom day function on October 31.
“Kahan Raja Bhoj, kahan Gangu Teli (Where is the comparison?) There could be no comparison between them. Indira Gandhi stood for unity, while Narendra Modi is known for dividing the society and the country,” Bihar Pradesh Congress Committee (BPCC) President Ashok Chaudhary said at a function to commemorate the birth anniversary celebrations of the former PM.
Other Congress leaders also launched a scathing attack on Narendra Modi for ignoring Gandhi on her martyrdom day.
“What Modi has done will bring much harm to him. He did not insult Gandhi by his action, as he has no power to do so. Instead his actions have started the ‘Krishna Paksha’ or (waning phase of moon) for his party. This will now stop with an ‘Amawasya’ for the BJP,” said former Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar.
Kumar was speaking at a function organised at Miller High School ground in the state capital to commemorate the former Prime Minister’s birth anniversary.
“Indira Gandhi is not a person. She is a thought. She is a symbol of capability, courage and strength. Modi cannot lessen it, and we have to show it to him,” Meira Kumar added.
The former Lok Sabha Speaker, daughter of socialist leader and former Deputy Prime Minister Jagjivan Ram, pointed out that Modi boasts that he used to sell tea to people, but Congress is a party, which has worked for those “from whose hands people do not take tea.”
Senior Congress leader and former Kerala Governor Nikhil Kumar paid rich tributes to Gandhi and said she worked for the unity of the nation and sacrificed her life for it.
“On the other hand our current PM is of an RSS organisation, with which the killers of Mahatma Gandhi were associated and which wants the division of India. Modi has insulted Indira Gandhi by cancelling her martyrdom function,” added Nikhil Kumar.
The former Kerala Governor said the people of the country will not tolerate this insult to the former PM and raised a slogan ‘Indira Gandhi ka yah apmaan, nahi sahega Hindustan’ (India will not tolerate this insult of Indira Gandhi). He also said that she will inspire the Congress in regaining its identity.
Congress Legislature Party (CLP) leader and former Bihar Assembly Speaker Sadanand Singh said this slogan will be taken to every nook and corner of the country to bring the party back to power.
“The entire issue is now of the prestige of Congress and Indira. She cannot be forgotten in today’s situation. She had given direction to progress and politics in the country,” Singh added.
Speaking on the occasion, All India Congress Committee (AICC) Secretary Shakeel Ahmad Khan said the time for ideological battle has come and it has begun on the birth anniversary of the former PM.
“We don’t need to become crutches for others. The direction of the wind is changing. Our workers should move with Indira Jyoti to villages and inspire people and win the ideological battle,” Khan added.
TAGS: Indira Gandhi Narendra Modi
More from miscellaneous
Barack Obama’s bid to regulate internet access divides civil rights groups When US President Obama laid out his vision for strict regulation of internet access last month, he was voicing views thought to be held by...

De Reddy s Visakhapatnam unit comes under USFDA lensUber cabs rape case: Govt cracks down, bans Delhi operations; India blow looms
The US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) is conducting a surprise inspection of Dr Reddy’s Laboratories’ Visakhapatnam plant. The inspection, which started on Tuesday, is expected to continue till the end of the week. The surprise check by the regulator is at the chemical technical operation (CTO) unit VI, which manufactures both active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) and bulk drugs.
When contacted, a DRL spokesperson confirmed the developments: “We are still awaiting the report from USFDA and cannot comment on any issues,” the spokesperson said, without explaining the reasons for the sudden inspection on the unit.
“The inspection may continue till the end of the week and we are confident that we have maintained high quality standards including strict compliance,” sources in the know said. The unit, set up in 1990, has a reaction volume capacity of over 570 KL, and is USFDA-inspected and ISO-9001 certified.
“While Indian pharma companies have been meeting the good manufacturing practices (GMPs), the USFDA has put forth stringent norms to maintain quality of products as well as operations, record maintenance and housekeeping,” a pharma analyst said. To recall, there were sudden inspections recently on Ranbaxy, Wockhardt and Sun Pharma manufacturing facilities as well.
A recent report from Standard & Poor’s (S&P) said that growth for Indian pharma companies was likely to get a boost with countries increasingly focusing on affordable health care. However, failure to comply with the stringent quality requirements of developed markets was a key risk. Compliance with regulations was a key requirement for Indian pharmaceutical companies to realise their growth potential, the report notes. Failure on this front would seriously hurt credit worthiness. It could lead to disruptions in production, import bans, remediation costs, and— above all — reputational and litigation risks, Vishal Kulkarni, Standard & Poor’s credit analyst said.
Similarly, an India Ratings report said that Indian pharmaceutical manufacturers will face increased USFDA inspections. This is given the US’ increasing dependence on Indian pharmaceuticals manufacturers. India has the highest number of USFDA-approved facilities outside the US and Indian registration applications have been rising every year. India also accounted for 40% (by volume) of US generic drug imports in 2013. The country’s exports to the US have also been growing steadily.
The USFDA had issued import alerts against 21 Indian manufacturing facilities during 2013, including those of Ranbaxy Laboratories and Wockhardt. In 2014 so far, the FDA has issued import alerts against two Indian facilities, including an active pharmaceutical ingredients manufacturing facility of Sun Pharmaceutical. A total of seven Indian facilities were under an import alert in 2011. The figure was nine in 2012 and 32 in March 2014, the highest ever.
An import alert bans all exports of pharmaceutical products from the subject plants into the US and renders all the stocks of the impacted production batches unsaleable in the US market. Import alerts issued against Indian plants in 2013 accounted for 49% of the total 43 such imports alerts issued by the USFDA worldwide. Large pharma companies will spend more effort and resources to improve compliance, resulting in a lower number of regulatory actions, the report added.
An industry source said there was a need for prior intimation before inspection of a plant. “Earlier, there used to be prior intimation but now there are only surprise checks even while both Indian and the US governments agreed for joint participation involving the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) during the inspection process. Both regulators have to be associated during any inspection,” the industry source said on the condition of anonymity.
TAGS: Dr Reddys Laboratories US Food And Drug Administration
More from companies

Ranbaxy s near term prospects to be impacted by US court s rulingRanbaxy's near term prospects to be impacted by US court's ruling
Nalinakanthi V
Tweet
BL Research Bureau:  
Ranbaxy received yet another set-back with the US court disallowing the company's plea to block its competitors from launching generic versions of Nexium and Valcyte in the US.
Nexium sold by AstraZeneca is used to reduce the amount of acid produced in the stomach and Valcyte is Roche’s antiviral drug. The US district judge who was hearing the case in Minneapolis has turned down Ranbaxy's request to restrict Dr Reddy’s and Endo International from launching their generic versions.
Being the first generic filer, Ranbaxy was expected to earn revenues in excess of $350 million from these two drugs during the six-month exclusivity period.
In early November, US Food and Drug Authority revoked the tentative approvals for Nexium and Valcyte given to Ranbaxy. Following this, the company filed a suit challenging the FDA's directive and sought to block other generic filers from launching their generic versions of these drugs.
Revocation of Ranbaxy’s tentative approval for these drugs and the court decision against blocking generic launch by competitors will impact the company’s near-term prospects. However, the stock remained oblivious to these developments, gaining in excess of 3 per cent in trade on Thursday.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Yahoo to replace Google as default search engine on Firefox in USYahoo to replace Google as default search engine on Firefox in US
Reuters
CEO says deal will boost search market share
San Francisco, Nov 19:  
Yahoo Inc struck a deal with Firefox maker Mozilla Corp to replace Google Inc as the default search engine on the Firefox Web browser in the United States, a move that Yahoo Chief Executive Marissa Mayer said will help boost its flagging search market share.
The deal between the two companies will start in December and is set to last five years, Yahoo said. Mayer would not disclose the financial terms other than to say that the partnership is a revenue sharing agreement and includes certain "guarantees."
The partnership, which integrates Yahoo search into Firefox's browser for desktop PCs and mobile devices such as smartphones, will produce a "share gain" for Yahoo, Mayer said in an interview with Reuters on Wednesday.
The Mozilla deal means that users of the Firefox browser in the US will automatically be routed to search results on Yahoo's website when they type a query into the small box that appears at the top of the browser.
"It's one of the largest independently-directed search share opportunities available in the market," Mayer said, declining to estimate how much of a boost Yahoo expected to receive from the deal.
Yahoo's share of the US search market on desktop PCs is currently about 10 per cent, according to industry research firm comScore, compared to Microsoft's roughly 20 per cent and Google's 67 per cent.
Google previously served as the default search option for users of the Firefox Web browser on an international basis. With Google's three-year deal coming to an end, Mozilla has struck deals with several search engines in different regions, including Baidu Inc in China and Yandex NV in Russia.
Yahoo said it has revamped the look of its search engine, making more use of rich graphics and photos, for the Firefox partnership. The Web search results will continue to be powered by Microsoft, in keeping with the 10-year partnership that Yahoo and Microsoft began in 2010.
Firefox had 10.4 per cent of the US browser market on desktop PCs, mobile smartphones and tablets last month, according to tech data firm StatCounter. Google's Chrome browser was the leader with 33.5 per cent.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Evasive  godman  Rampal produced before HC  sent to judicial custodyNarendra Modi out of race for TIME 'Person of the Year' title
A day after his arrest, evasive ‘godman’ Rampal was today produced before the Punjab and Haryana High Court in a contempt of court case and was sent to judicial custody.
The two-judge bench posted the matter to November 28 with a direction to Haryana Police chief to file an affidavit giving details of the operation carried out to arrest Rampal from his ashram in Barwala in Haryana’s Hisar district along with damages, injuries to people, regarding arms and ammunition in the Ashram and loss of property.
Rampal had been evading his appearance in a contempt of court case before the HC, which issued a direction to police to produce him by tomorrow.
Forced to keep the date, police last night arrested him from his ashram after days of standoff with his supporters, who posed stiff resistance and even resorted to violence on Tuesday.
The 63-year-old controversial godman had failed to appear on November 5 in the 2006 murder case after which a non-bailable warrant to be executed by November 10 was issued by the High Court in the contempt case.
Haryana Police failed to produce Rampal on November 10 and the next date on November 17 after which the High Court slammed the police and issued a third non-bailable warrant with direction to produce the self proclaimed Godman on November 21.
Rampal was produced before the Division Bench of Justices M Jeyapaul and Darshan Singh at 2 pm after the Haryana Police informed the court in the morning that the NBW has been executed with the arrest of the accused from his Ashram at Barwala in Hissar district.
Defence counsel S K Garg said that Rampal himself was in captivity in the Ashram.
Earlier, the contempt case was listed for tomorrow, but after the Haryana Police informed the court about the arrest of Rampal last night, the court directed his production at 2 pm today.

Honduran Miss World contestant found murderedNew drug provides fresh hope for cancer patients
A Honduran beauty queen has been found shot dead in a suspected crime of passion just days before she was due to compete in the Miss World pageant in London, police said on Wednesday.
The bodies of Maria Jose Alvarado, 19, and her sister Sofia, 23, were found buried near a river in the mountainous region of Santa Barbara in western Honduras, said Leandro Osorio, head of the criminal investigation unit.
Police suspect that Plutarco Ruiz, Sofia’s boyfriend, shot and killed the elder sister in a fit of jealousy after seeing her dancing with “another person or something similar,” then shot Maria Jose and buried the bodies, Osorio said.
“This is the main hypothesis we have for this crime, based on the witnesses and investigations we’ve done,” he added.
Police took Ruiz and Aris Maldonado into custody on Tuesday, confiscating two pistols and their pick-up truck and identifying them as the homicide’s main suspects, he said.
On his Facebook page, Maldonado lamented “these very difficult and unjust moments of life” but did not make reference to any details of the double homicide. Ruiz has yet to comment publicly on the allegations.
Alvarado, a student who aspired to become a career diplomat, had been due to take part in the Miss World pageant that starts on Thursday and culminates in the final in London on Dec. 14.
The sisters went missing Nov. 13, when they were seen leaving a birthday party for Ruiz at a local water park in a car without a license plate in Santa Barbara, a coffee-growing region where drug gangs are active.
On Wednesday night, police arrested the water park’s owners on suspicion of being accomplices in the crime, Osorio said.
Drug cartels use Honduras as a staging post for U.S.-bound cocaine from South America, aggravating violence in the impoverished Central American nation that has helped spark a surge in illegal immigration to the United States.
Honduras has the world’s highest murder rate at 90.4 per 100,000 people, according to a report by the United Nations, well ahead of second-ranked Venezuela at 53.7.
Last April, Alvarado was crowned Miss Honduras World 2014, beating 18 other contestants to the top spot. She said she could not live without lip gloss or the website Wikipedia.org, according to her official biography on the Miss World competition page.
The daughter of a lower middle class family from Santa Barbara, Alvarado had worked as a model for local department stores.
Julia Morley, chairman of the Miss World Organisation, said the pageant was “devastated by this terrible loss of two young women who were so full of life.”
The group said it would hold a service with the Miss World contestants on Sunday to honor the two women, and say prayers for them and their family.
TAGS: Maria Jose Alvarado
More from lifestyle
NASA’s Curiosity rover clicks selfie on Mars NASA's Mars rover Curiosity has clicked a new selfie near a sandstone outcrop in Gale Crater's Kimberley region...

Sensex rebounds  Nifty reclaims 8 400 mark; Cipla  Infosys lead rallyBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pct
The stocks today rose for the first time in three sessions with benchmark BSE Sensex closing with 35-point gain at 28,067.56 and NSE Nifty reclaiming 8,400-mark powered by a late spurt in bluechips, led by Infosys, TCS, Cipla and SBI, amid the rupee breaching 62-mark against US dollar.
After surging to 28,118.53 points at the outset on emergence of buying, the Sensex fell back to the day’s low of 27,915.23 on some profit-taking. A late round of buying helped the BSE index reclaim the 28,000-mark and it settled 34.71 points, or 0.12 per cent, higher at 28,067.56.
The gauge had lost 145 points in previous two sessions.
The 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange also recaptured the crucial 8,400-mark by rising 19.60 points, or 0.23 per cent, to close at 8,401.90. It shuttled between 8,353.15 and 8,410.85 intra-day.
It had shed 48.45 points in the previous two sessions.
Gains in Sensex and Nifty were powered by Cipla that climbed 3.23 per cent after the drug maker announced a pact with Serum Institute of India for distribution of paediatric vaccines in Europe.
Infosys and TCS gained 1 per cent each after the rupee weakened to nearly nine-month low of Rs 62.25 (intra-day) against the dollar at forex market. IT firms revenues are denominated in US dollar and a weak rupee boosts margins.
In the 30-Sensex pack, 16 constituents ended higher while 14 finished in the negative zone. Other bluechip gainers included SBI, Wipro, Tata Power, ICICI Bank, HDFC, Hindalco, ITC, ONGC, RIL, HUL and CIL.
Sensex laggards included Sesa Sterlite, NTPC, BHEL, M&M, Bharti Airtel, HDFC Bank, Tata Steel, GAIL and L&T.
“Similar to last 3-4 trading sessions, markets opened almost flat over previous closing levels and remained sideways in a very narrow range throughout the trading session,” said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio Ltd.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors bought shares worth a net Rs 71.80 crore yesterday, according to bourses.
Sectorwise, the BSE IT Index gained the most by surging 1.27 per cent, followed by Healthcare 0.98 per cent, FMCG index 0.39 per cent and Banking index 0.37 per cent. On the other hand, the BSE Consumer Durables barometer fell 1.72 per cent, followed by BSE Realty 1.52 per cent and Metal index 0.84 per cent.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

Private equity investments up 27% to $3 bn in Jul-Sep qtr: ReportBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pct
Private equity investments in the country rose 27 per cent to USD 3.01 billion in the July-September period, the fifth consecutive quarter of upswing, says a PwC report.
A quarterly study of PE investment activity based on data provided by Venture Intelligence, such funds in the third quarter of this year totalled USD 3.01 billion through 103 deals, according to the PwC MoneyTree India report. Read Full Report
Compared with the same period last year, the value of deals rose by 97 per cent despite a 9 per cent reduction in volume. In Q3 2013, the value of investments stood at USD 1.53 billion from 113 deals.
On quarter-on-quarter basis, PE investments registered a growth of 4 per cent in value over the preceding quarter with a 3 per cent drop in volume. In the April-July period, USD 2.91 billion was invested through 106 deals.
“The overall market sentiment is positive with a strong and clear intent from the government on liberalisation and easing doing business in India,” PwC India Private Equity Sanjeev Krishan said.
Moreover, falling inflation and improving economic fundamentals have helped in boosting PE investments, the report added.
“Combined with the enhanced interest in public markets, we also anticipate global strategic investors to look at India with heightened interest, in effect providing multiple routes for both capital raising and exits,” Krishan said.
The IT & ITeS has bounced back as the leading sector, attracting USD 1.64 billion in 56 deals. It is more than two-fold jump as compared with Q2 2014 and two-and-a-half times higher than Q3 2013.
“Growth has been driven by advancements in technology – increasing adoption of devices like smartphones and tablets, and easy access to Internet has led to rise in online consumer base,” PwC India Technology leader Sandeep Ladda said.
The healthcare & life sciences sector emerged second in terms of value with investments totalling USD 292 million in 11 deals.
In terms of cities, Bangalore outdid the National Capital Region (NCR) and Mumbai to attract the maximum PE investments with USD 1.8 billion in 29 deals. Read Q1 Report
NCR was the second best with USD 409 million investment and Mumbai secured third place with USD 383 million, the report said.
TAGS: Equity
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

Chennai: 3 SpiceJet  1 Air India cancelled due to shortage of aircraftUber cabs rape case: Govt cracks down, bans Delhi operations; India blow looms
Four flights, three SpiceJet and an Air India, to various domestic destinations from here were cancelled today due to shortage of aircraft, airport sources said.
Between 6.10 am and 6.35 am, three SpiceJet flights bound for Kolkata, Bengaluru and Hyderabad were cancelled. Many passengers alleged they were not intimated about the cancellations.
Similarly, an Air India flight to Mumbai was cancelled. A Delhi-bound flight of the national carrier was rescheduled to cover Mumbai and the passengers were accommodated in that flight, they said.
Meanwhile, a Hyderabad-bound flight from Dubai landed here early this morning due to inclement weather there. After a short while, the flight resumed its onward journey, the sources said.
TAGS: Air India SpiceJet
More from companies

WPI inflation to remain range bound at 1.8-2 pct during November: Dun & BradstreetBalance of payments narrows but remains in surplus for fourth year in a row
The broad based slowdown in inflation trajectory is likely to continue amid declining global oil prices and the headline WPI inflation is expected to remain range bound at 1.8-2 per cent during November, says a report.
“The downward spiral in global crude oil prices along with the base effect has provided some relief to the government which has been struggling to keep the inflationary pressures at bay,” Dun & Bradstreet India Senior Economist Arun Singh said.
According to the report, going forward, inflationary pressures in some items may increase due to slight improvement in demand. Moreover, waning of base effect might also lead to reversal of inflation rate.
D&B expects the headline WPI inflation to remain range bound at 1.8 per cent- 2 per cent during November 2014.
“Estimated lower food crop production during this year along with waning base effect has the potential to reverse the inflation rate,” Singh said.
The report noted that falling inflation levels should not divert the government’s attention from focusing on addressing supply-side measures to tackle prices as only sustainable easing of inflation and inflationary pressures will make RBI decide in favour of bringing down policy rate.
“While the Government has no doubt taken steps towards ushering in fiscal discipline and creating an environment conducive to business, structural reforms and monetary policy needs to move in tandem to shift the economy back on the path of sustainable growth,” the report said.
Driven by softening prices of fuel and food items, the WPI inflation cooled to a five year low of 1.77 per cent in October.
The decline in Wholesale Price Index (WPI) based inflation stood at 2.38 per cent in September.
Retail inflation hit a record low of 5.52 per cent in October.
The WPI inflation, which fell for the fifth month in a row, was at 7.24 per cent in October 2013.
TAGS: Dun & Bradstreet Inflation WPI Inflation
More from economy
Russia may set up 20-24 nuclear energy units in India Russia may set up 20-24 nuclear energy units in India as the two sides are likely to come out with a road map for cooperation in the energy...

Supreme Court directs CBI chief Ranjit Sinha to recuse himself from the 2G scam casePolicy reform to support India's growth potential: Moody's
Twelve days before his retirement, CBI Director Ranjit Sinha today suffered a major blow when the Supreme Court removed him from the 2G scam case, saying the allegations against him of protecting some accused appears to be “prima facie credible”.
The apex court, in an unprecedented order, handed over the case to the senior-most officer after Sinha in the 2G scam investigating team.
A bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu, however, refused to pass an elaborate order on the issue saying that it would “tarnish” the “image and reputation” of the premier agency.
The fate of the top cop, who is due to retire on December 2, in the case became abundantly clear when the bench, also comprising justices M B Lokur and A K Sikri, before rising for the lunch break, asked senior advocate Vikas Singh, appearing for Sinha, about various options.
The court said it did not want to pass an elaborate order, because it would be against the interest and image of the agency.
“Prima facie the allegations made in the application(by NGO Centre for Public Interest Litigation) are credible and required to be accepted,” the bench observed.
However, his counsel insisted that the allegations levelled against Sinha of scuttling the 2G probe were “untrue”.
The CBI chief’s role was criticised by the apex court- appointed Special Public Prosecutor Anand Grover and counsel appearing for CBI, K K Venugopal, also raised questions on Sinha naming a senior IPS officer as mole in the team.
The apex court also recalled its earlier order by which it directed the NGO to disclose the name of whistleblower who had provided documents and visitors diary of Sinha’s residence.
 
TAGS: 2G Scam Prashant Bhushan Ranjit Sinha Supreme Court
More from economy

Audio equalizer and enhancement apps beyond the smartphone soundUS firm warns against attaching to unknown wi-fi connections
YOU’VE probably heard musicians like Neil Young complain over the last few years about the sound quality of digital music. But thanks to a new generation of so-called audio enhancement apps, your music’s sound quality doesn’t have to entirely depend on your smartphone.
LouderLogic, free on iOS, is perhaps the most impressive audio enhancement app I have used. LouderLogic functions just like the iPhone’s Music app and looks much like any other music-playing app, except for a large green button labeled “ALX” that turns on its “Audio Level eXtension” technology.
ALX makes tones sound much warmer and vocals seem brighter. It gave movies theater-quality sound, even on headphones. The ALX button automatically delivers this effect, but users can manually adjust the sound quality with audio equalizer controls when the phone is turned sideways. Obviously, ALX works better with certain tracks. The app’s design is a little garish, and there are some pop-up ads in the free edition. But an ad-free version is available for $2.
On Android, an equivalent app is DFX Music Player Enhancer, which is also free. The app calls itself the first to bring “professional audio quality” to Android devices, and says that, like LouderLogic, its goal is to restore some of the “lost natural depth” of music recordings.
The DFX Player works as advertised. It makes music sound livelier, the bass notes warmer, than through a typical Android music app. You can also precisely adjust audio levels and choose settings to suit different types of music. On the downside, the app’s interface is a bit clunky and not as polished or easy to use as it could be.
Headquake, a free iOS app, might be the most impressive. Headquake uses a special-effects engine called Sonic Emotion to give sounds a 3-D quality. It tries to manipulate a standard stereo music track so the music sounds as if it is coming from different parts of the room.
Like LouderLogic, the app synchronizes with the music in your iTunes collection. But it includes a large “3d” button, which activates a whole new spatial dimension to sounds: You can actually get a sense of, say, the singer in a band standing in front of you while the guitar comes from the side. You can control the effect by sliding icons on the screen to try to centralise the location of the sound and by adjusting equaliser levels for bass, midrange and treble.
But Headquake’s special effect doesn’t work well for all songs. With hard rock, for example, it makes midrange sounds mushy instead of clean, and singers can sound like they’re singing in a toilet bowl. For the right track, however, the effect is startling. And Headquake is free, so there’s nothing to be lost by giving it a whirl.
LouderLogic, DFX Player and Headquake may not appeal to audiophiles because the processing they apply to music has such a bold effect on its sound.
On iOS, a slightly more subtle and gentle effect is offered by the free Audyssey Music Player app. The app’s main trick is tuning its behavior to suit your headphones using profiles. Many of the profiles are free, but to get certain high-end profiles like Beats by Dre, you have to pay a few dollars in-app.
If all this talk of advanced music processing makes you uncomfortable, simpler audio enhancement is possible with equalizer apps like Equalizer by Audioforge ($3 on iOS) and Music Equalizer by PerfectionHolic on Android (free).
TAGS: LouderLogic Smartphone
More from tech
Digital push: Karnataka launches mobile governance platform In a unique initiative, the Karnataka government on Monday unveiled a multi-modal e-governance platform through which citizens...

This is wooing investorsBalance of payments narrows but remains in surplus for fourth year in a row
Even when Narendra Modi swept to power in May and tried to set right India’s investment climate, it was obvious two of the lowest-hanging fruit were petroleum and telecom—companies in both sectors had billions of dollars to invest, but unfavourable government policy was holding them back. In the case of gas, where the Rangarajan formula was dumped by the Modi government, the petroleum ministry is yet to come up with a formula on how to calculate the premium for finding gas in the deep waters where the bulk of India’s reserves are; as a result, billions of dollars of investment are on hold. In the case of crude oil, Cairn India’s completely justified proposal for an extension of its licence has been given a new twist with the law ministry saying the government can raise its stake in the Cairn JV in return for the extension. This is when Cairn has actually found more oil and wants time to be able to pump it out—not only does such an extension help the country since it encourages exploration firms to find more oil, 80% of Cairn’s earnings go to the government anyway by way of profit petroleum, taxes, royalty and profit-shares for ONGC which is a JV partner.
The telecom picture is even more alarming. Since the previous government had taken the inexplicable decision of not renewing the 900 MHz telecom licences of telcos—all licences are renewed as a matter of course, and the agreement provides for this—this set off a bidding frenzy the last time around. But this time, it is worse. In the last auction, bidders could bid for the 1800 MHz spectrum if they failed to retain their 900 MHz spectrum. This time around, there is no contiguous 1800 MHz auction to act as a fallback. The solution is getting more 2100 MHz spectrum, and that is what Trai had recommended. While getting extra 2100 MHz spectrum from the defence ministry isn’t that difficult—it involves a swap which works out better for defence as it will now have more consolidated spectrum—the telecom ministry is in favour of a two-stage auction with 2100 MHz spectrum being auctioned in only the second round; the first round will comprise spectrum in the 800/900/1800 MHz frequency bands.
Theoretically that sounds fine since, if a Vodafone say, fails to win back its 900 MHz spectrum at a reasonable price in the first phase of the bid, it needn’t keep bidding madly—it can always bid for the 2100 MHz spectrum in the second phase. But no telco bidding in the first phase can afford to take a chance as there is no guarantee as to when the second phase of the auction will happen, and how much of 2100 MHz spectrum will be put up for bid. So, telcos have no option but to bid astronomically in the first phase itself. Given how the telecom bureaucracy has been so obstructive in the past, telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad would do well to examine the issue in detail. The TDSAT judgment on 3G roaming, for instance, tells a sad story of the DoT’s high-handedness that has gone against most tenets of fair play, even contractual obligations—sadly, Prasad has fallen for his bureaucrats’ line and has gone and challenged the judgment in the Supreme Court. If the Modi government is looking for big investments, it is certainly going about it the wrong way.
TAGS: Narendra Modi ONGC Petroleum Ministry
More from economy
Russia may set up 20-24 nuclear energy units in India Russia may set up 20-24 nuclear energy units in India as the two sides are likely to come out with a road map for cooperation in the energy...

Ecommerce: India to have 100 mn online shoppers by 2016  says Google reportUber cabs rape case: Govt cracks down, bans Delhi operations; India blow looms
If you thought the Indian e-commerce boom has reached its peak, then you could not be further from the truth. The country will have 100 million online shoppers by 2016, according to the Google annual online shopping growth trends report released on Thursday. The figure was 8 million in 2012 and is 35 million this year, showing how the ecommerce industry has grown.
Incidentally, India is expect to cross 300 million Internet users by the end of the year overtaking the second largest web economy. Google India MD Rajan Anandan said almost all the Internet growth in India is happening on mobile. “Mobile is driving growth in every single Internet product entity. In other markets Internet took off on the desktop, in India its happening on mobile,” he said underlining the need for creating different products for thse users.
The survey, conducted in collaboration with Forrester Research, covered 6859 respondents across 50 cities using a mixed methodology format.
The key takeaways of the study are as follows:
-The growth in coming years will come from Tier 1 as 71 per cent of respondents in this segment said they will buy online in next 12 months. In Tier 1, women buyers outspend men by 2x. And 1 in 4 women are buying on mobile.
-In Tier 3, 1 out of 2 is already on mobile. This figure is just one out of 3 in Tier 1. Shopping queries from mobile has grown from 24 per cent in 2012 to 57 per cent in 2014.
-By 2016, ecommerce industry size will be close to $15 billion.
-About 65 per cent people buy online for convenience and a similar number like the variety on offer. About 60 per cent think it is cool to shop online.
-While electronics is a popular segment now, the growth areas are clearly home furnishing, cosmetics and baby care.
– Among the challenges, 62 per cent buyers says they are not satisfied with their online shopping experience while 67 per cent buyers also highlight that the current return process is to0 complicated and expensive.
– Trust is a major issue for non-buyers as 55 per cent of them do not trus the quality of the product online.
– 66 per cent of total respondents also say the poor connectivity is also a major barrier for then to shop online.
TAGS: Ecommerce Google
More from companies

Men more willing to help women in high heels: studyNarendra Modi out of race for TIME 'Person of the Year' title
Ladies, if you want a man on his knees, try wearing high heels!
Men are more likely to help a woman wearing high heels than one in flats, a new French study suggests.
Researcher Nicolas Gueguen of the Universite de Bretagne-Sud in France observed how helpful men are towards women in high heels versus those wearing flat, sensible shoes.
The study is the first ever to investigate how the height of a woman’s shoe heel influences how men behave towards her.
Research across various cultures has shown at length how important physical features, such as body size and the style and colour of a woman’s clothing, influence a man’s behaviour towards and judgement of a woman.
“Even though a link between high-heeled shoes and sexiness is implied by the many models wearing such shoes in magazines and films, only one previous study has tested the effect of women’s shoe heels on men’s judgement,” researchers said.
Gueguen therefore set out to conduct field experiments to test the influence of different shoe styles on men’s helping behaviour.
He watched what happened when a woman in flat shoes asked people to complete a survey, and whether or not they complied more readily when she was wearing high heels.
He also tested whether or not people’s spontaneous urge to help changed when the same woman – again wearing shoes with different heel sizes – dropped a glove.
The findings show that men’s helpfulness increased along with the height of the heels a woman was wearing. However, heel height had no influence on other women’s willingness to help.
In the final experiment, Gueguen found that men in a bar were quicker to start chatting with a woman wearing heels than when she was wearing flat shoes.
“Women’s shoe heel size exerts a powerful effect on men’s behaviour,” said Gueguen.
He believes that more research must be done to examine whether this effect depends on a woman’s shoe heel size and on any change of gait due to wearing high heels.
The study was published in Springer’s journal Archives of Sexual Behaviour.
More from miscellaneous

New computer game detects classroom bulliesNew drug provides fresh hope for cancer patients
Scientists have developed a new social computer game that can detect classroom bullies, victims and bystanders and even reveal peer aggression that goes undetected by traditional methods.
The game designed at the University of Illinois allows researchers to study natural interactions between children, collect large amounts of data about those interactions and test theories about youth aggression and victimisation.
The game’s developers say it is an improvement over traditional research methods, such as questionnaires, which do not assess interactions between youth in real time.
“What we wanted was to have more real-time information and to include advancements in computer science to process the data and get more insights into it so we could understand the problem of bullying better and create interventions,” said Juan F Mancilla-Caceres, who developed the algorithms for the game.
The researchers tested the game with 97 students in six classrooms who were participating in the bullying research.
The students, all fifth-graders, had been surveyed about various types of bullying, fighting, leadership and domineering behaviour, as well as their attitudes and friends’ perceived attitudes toward victimising and defending peers.
Based on students’ self-reports, each student was labelled a “bully,” “non-bully” or “victim” prior to playing the game.
Analyses of the 7,800 messages that the participants exchanged over the chat interface were compared to the survey data, and the researchers found that the game was effective at evaluating player interactions and detecting bullying.
“Bullies played the game very differently than their classmates who were non-bullies or victims,” Dorothy Espelage, faculty member at Illinois said.
“Bullies sent more private messages, peeked at the correct answer more often and sent more negative nominations,” said Espelage.
The game also revealed bullying behaviour that had eluded detection by traditional research methods, said Mancilla-Caceres, currently an applied researcher with Microsoft Corp.
Participants were asked to nominate classmates that they wanted or did not want as teammates for the game; however, the researchers actually formed the teams and used the nominations to gain insight into each classroom’s social networks.
One player nominated three individuals to be his/her teammates, while each of these individuals negatively nominated the first child.
Analyses of the participants’ chat messages indicated that the three classmates had formed a clique and were bullying the first child, although the self-reports had not captured that.
The research was published in the Journal of School Violence.
More from lifestyle
NASA’s Curiosity rover clicks selfie on Mars NASA's Mars rover Curiosity has clicked a new selfie near a sandstone outcrop in Gale Crater's Kimberley region...

Terrorist attacks decrease fertility levels: StudyKey protein may contribute to wound healing, tumour growth
Terrorist attacks may decrease fertility, reducing both the expected number of children a woman has over her lifetime and the number of live births occurring during each year, a new worldwide study suggests.
The study, carried out by Dr Claude Berrebi of the Hebrew University, Jerusalem, and Dr Jordan Ostwald of the US Air Force, is the first to empirically identify and quantify an effect of terrorism on fertility.
The researchers used a panel data set composed of data on terrorist attacks from 1970-2007, as well as a variety of demographic controls, to implement a robust panel analysis and measure the effects of terrorism on fertility as expressed by Total Fertility Rates (TFR) and Crude Birth Rate (CBR).
The data consisted of 170 countries and 5,842 individual country-year observations, and after filtering, the set of individual incidents studied was approximately 66,000.
Data on fertility was derived from the World Bank Development Indicators website. TFR represents the expected number of children born to a woman if she were to live to the end of her childbearing years.
CBR is a commonly-used measure of the number of live births occurring during each year, per 1,000 people.
After rigorous analysis through a robust set of model types and specifications, it was found that terrorism is likely to act on fertility through job uncertainty, psychological stress, wealth uncertainty, and poor health.
This can cause significant short-term declines in fertility by affecting related factors such as age at first birth, age at marriage, frequency of sexual intercourse, and labour migration, researchers said.
Measured by both the number of incidents and the number of deaths, terrorism was shown to exert a statistically significant, negative effect on fertility rates for both TFR and CBR.
The results showed a 0.018 per cent decrease in fertility rate observed two years following a one standard deviation increase in terrorist attacks.
While this number sounds small, it means that in an average population where terrorism increased by one standard deviation, for every 1 million women, 18,000 fewer children will be born over a lifetime, researchers said.
“Besides illuminating another far-reaching effect of terrorism, the relationship between terrorism and fertility will be critical to understand when policy makers attempt to deal with other demographic transitions and security concerns,” Berrebi said.
The study was published in the journal Oxford Economic Papers.
TAGS: Fertility
More from health
New drug provides fresh hope for cancer patients A new type of cancer therapy has produced dramatic results in patients with advanced leukaemia in an early-phase clinical trial...

Complex jobs may protect your brain: StudyKey protein may contribute to wound healing, tumour growth
Complex jobs that require a lot of difficult analysis or social interaction such as management and teaching may protect the brain from mental decline, according to a new research.
People whose jobs require more complex work with other people, such as social workers and lawyers, or with data, like architects or graphic designers, may end up having longer-lasting memory and thinking abilities compared to people who do less complex work, researchers said.
“These results suggest that more stimulating work environments may help people retain their thinking skills, and that this might be observed years after they have retired,” said study author Alan J Gow, from Heriot-Watt University and the Centre for Cognitive Ageing and Cognitive Epidemiology in Edinburgh, Scotland.
“Our findings have helped to identify the kinds of job demands that preserve memory and thinking later on,” said Gow.
For the study, 1,066 Scottish people with an average age of 70 had their memory and thinking abilities tested at the University of Edinburgh.
The tests looked at memory, processing speed and general thinking ability. Researchers also gathered information about the jobs participants held.
Researchers also had IQ scores from tests taken when the participants were 11 years old.
The study found that participants who held jobs with higher levels of complexity with data and people, such as management and teaching, had better scores on memory and thinking tests.
The results remained the same after considering IQ at age 11, years of education and the lack of resources in the environment the person lived in.
Overall, the effect of occupation was small, accounting for about 1 per cent to 2 per cent of the variance between people with jobs of high and low complexity, which is comparable to other factors such as the association between not smoking and better thinking skills in later life.
The study was published in the journal of the American Academy of Neurology.
TAGS: Brain
More from health
New drug provides fresh hope for cancer patients A new type of cancer therapy has produced dramatic results in patients with advanced leukaemia in an early-phase clinical trial...

Kotak Mahindra Bank delivers a hat-trick in September quarterSpiceJet barred from advance bookings beyond one month
Kotak Mahindra Bank did well in the September quarter with not only its investment and broking businesses performing on the back of buoyant capital markets but even its lending business showing momentum. Photo: Mint
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd did well in the September quarter with not only its investment and broking businesses performing on the back of buoyant capital markets but even its lending business showing momentum.
The net profit of Kotak Mahindra Bank ’s securities business jumped over two-thirds to Rs.66 crore and that of the investment banking business doubled to Rs.25 crore as corporates lined up to raise funds, riding the wave of market euphoria. More fee-based business led to a doubling of growth in other income to Rs.466 crore in the September quarter, the highest in over four years. As long as the market sentiment remains positive, the bank’s fee-based business will continue to do well.
The management said in a conference call with analysts that it is confident of clocking 20% credit growth in the coming quarters as the economy has bottomed out. In the September quarter, consolidated advances rose 19% compared with a tepid 13% in the June quarter, buoyed by higher loans to corporates, agriculture, small businesses and personal loans. Corporate banking grew 44% with the bank focusing more on lending to mid-market companies given the recovery in the economy. Still, the bank’s commercial vehicle and construction equipment loan book continued to decline in the September quarter.
Deposits grew 29% compared with 17% in the three months ending June. Current account deposits jumped 35% on the back of wholesale and retail deposit mobilization across all segments. As a result, the bank’s stand-alone net profit growth almost tripled in the September quarter to Rs.445 crore.
The bank continues to maintain net interest margins at 5%, the best among private lenders. Net non-performing assets as a proportion of advances increased marginally to 0.84% in the September quarter. Restructured loans considered standard assets rose to Rs.161.5 crore, up 11% from the June quarter. Overall, consolidated net profit grew over 23% to Rs.718 crore.
Shares of Kotak Mahindra Bank have outperformed the banking index in the last three to six months and are trading at valuations of 3.2 times future earnings. As long as the bank is able to maintain strong loan growth momentum and equity markets remain on an uptrend, it will continue to trade at a premium to most other private banks.

Obesity: $2tn strain on economyFat places $2tn burden on world economy, says McKinsey report
Scheherazade Daneshkhu, Consumer Industries Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/177ef226-700f-11e4-bc6a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Goldman fires staff for alleged NY Fed breachGoldman fires staff for alleged NY Fed breach
Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7b353d7c-7071-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

S&P raises fears over China muni bond pushHalf of Chinese provinces deserve junk ratings, S&P warns
Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/255d73e6-7077-11e4-9129-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Drinks groups push for India tax inclusionDrinks groups push for inclusion in simplified India tax system
James Crabtree in Mumbai and Victor Mallet in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/92cf6c04-707c-11e4-9129-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama set for immigration showdownObama set for US immigration showdown
Megan Murphy in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/310f3414-7030-11e4-bc6a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Yen may not benefit from next wobbleYen may not benefit from next wobble
Jamie Chisholm
Haven allure of Japanese currency could be fading
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/000d81d0-7090-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Conflict threatens $15bn Jordan gas dealJordan $15bn gas deal under threat amid conflict
John Reed in Amman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2008e744-7005-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Investors keep trimming inflation hedgesInvestors keep trimming inflation hedges
Gregory Meyer and Michael Mackenzie in New York
Investors pull $17bn from commodity index products
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/07735110-7032-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Singapore named best place to do businessSingapore maintains status as best place in the world to do business
Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d43e7254-707a-11e4-9129-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The road from serfdom divides Britons© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0d27c314-6f35-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japans stimulus plan is foolhardyNovember 20, 2014 6:11 am
Japan’s stimulus plan is not courageous but foolhardy
William White
It carries risks that could seriously affect the global economy, writes William White
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5dfdcf52-6e56-11e4-afe5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Paralysed man becomes celebrity dancerInspirational Paraplegic Finds Happiness After Becoming Famous Dance Teacher
by Barcroft TV 3:21 mins
44,900 views
Inspirational Paraplegic Finds Happiness After Becoming Famous Dance Teacher
by Barcroft TV 3:21 mins
44,900 views
Kamlesh Patel, 31, from Gujarat, India is physically handicapped who has won over his physical disability to become a dancer. He is paralysed from the waist down, uses his hands for walking and dancing.  Videographer / Director: Manoj Tripathi, Producer: Nick Johnson / Ruchika Hurria / Aamir Bashir, Editor: Sonia Estal.
Link

Manipur student Bangalorebangalore/manipur...    Cached
Manipur student attacked in Bangalore Times Now.tv Michael, 24 year-old, Engineering student from Manipur and 2 of his friends was beaten up by a gang of 3 people at ...

Kotak ING acquisitionacquisition...    Cached
Reuters Market Eye - Acquiring ING Vysya Bank Ltd may strategically fill many gaps for Kotak Mahindra Bank , Nomura says in a report. Kotak is close to acquiring ING ...
Also Try

My job is to get Germans interested in India s development: Michael SteinerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Disbursed money to Adani after scrutiny: SBIThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tech Mahindra buys LCC for $240 million in largest Indian IT deal this yearThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Venezuela willing to cut oil output along with OPEC: ministerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Our low-cost service cheaper than auto: UberThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

German private sector growth at 16-month low in November: PMIThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Taxation: Service tax on fees paid to agents abroadThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Why Chennai stays away from 1BHK unitsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Work without fear or favour  FM tells PSBsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Adani group is going to be another jindal of bjp gov.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Thanks. human soul is held hostage by lust  anger and greed. let us ...540 Followers
Reposted about 16 days 4 hrs 6 min 19 sec ago by TORNADO!
Cunning BCPL has used his another nick TORNADO to complain to the Mod about me Just FYI guys
5.16 PM Nov 20th

Exactly ... this board is rock lovers paradise :-)New Member
1 Followers
qty on offer throughout the day has come under 1 million. This leads one to the conclusion that recovery may be around 0.73-0.81. I plan to add some around 0.9 anyway, in case I am wrong and recovery comes around 0.9 as kabirkka said earlier...
In reply to : shiros message
11.06 PM Nov 20th

Tanla has tested our patience a lot ... time for the upmove :-)Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Microsoft  partners to launch e-learning platform soonMicrosoft, partners to launch e-learning platform soon
Navadha Pandey
Tweet
New Delhi, November 20:  
Microsoft, along with its partners, is set to launch an e-learning platform in India for delivery of educational content at a highly subsided rate, said Pratik Mehta, Director-Education at Microsoft India.
“We have been working with our research organisation (Microsoft Research) and a couple of partners in creating a platform that can help deliver content in an effective manner. This is work in progress as we speak and would be launched in a couple of months,” Mehta told BusinessLine.
Focus on delivery
While there have been previous initiatives in this space by companies, not much effort is going into the delivery of content, under the assumption that the student is going to download and consume it, he said, adding that this new platform will focus on delivery.
Mehta said, “Content will be prepared by an expert of the subject. Microsoft will provide a unified communication platform, and student will download the content through the platform. Both student and teacher will have a login each.”
Teachers or subject experts would be able to address the query by the student real time, he said, adding that webcasts will also be possible through the same platform. The company is also taking inputs from academicians, State Governments, students, as well as educators.
On whether it would be a philanthropic initiative, Mehta said, “It would depend on how the partners view it. It may not be pure play philanthropy but it would be offered at a highly subsidised rate.” Eve Psalti, Global Leader, Education Audience Strategy, Microsoft Corporation, said, “We are going to see more products designed for the education space rather than products that were meant to be in the business scenario.”
The company has been running many IT literacy programmes such as Project Shiksha, Project Jyoti, Project Oorja and Imagine Cup.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Industrial licence system for ammonium nitrate fuel oil scrappedIndustrial licence system for ammonium nitrate fuel oil scrapped
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, November 20:  
The Government has abolished the requirement for industrial licences for production of ammonium nitrate fuel oil (ANFO) – a move that will benefit the cement and construction industry.
The chemical is used to prepare explosives used to carry out blasts in quarries or mines.
“This (the abolition of industrial licences) will help mine owners using ANFO to continue mining operations and will help the development of cement industry as well as the construction sector,” a release issued by the Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP) stated.
The previous UPA Government had advised ANFO manufacturers back in November 2013 to apply for Industrial licence under Industries (Development & Regulation) Act, 1951.
The DIPP had received almost 300 applications for grant of industrial licence for manufacturing the chemical since then.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Only 40% of employees work to their full potentialOnly 40% of employees work to their full potential
Deepa Nair
In India, commitment to work more among older employees, reveals BI Worldwide survey
Mumbai, November 20:  
Indian employers are able to engage only 40 per cent of their employees to their full potential, revealed a survey conducted by BI Worldwide, a global technology-enabled services company.
The study also showed that 64 per cent Indians admit to investing less than 90 per cent of their effort at work, highlighting the magnitude of unmet potential in the Indian workforce.
The survey spanned seven countries — India, Brazil, Canada, China, the US, the UK and the Latin American region outside of Brazil. A little over 7,200 responses were gathered — around 1,000 from each country.
According to the survey, there is a “need for employers to initiate innovative HR policies which will further motivate their employees to deliver their best.”
“Research findings support a call-to-action for organisational leaders to humanise the workplace and treat employees like the thinking, feeling people they are. There is a need to take care of the employee needs, help them be happy at work, and they will repay the organisation with loyalty and hard work,” said Brenda Kowske, Talent Analytics Director, BI Worldwide.
Different categories
The survey identified and categorised the workforce across India into: companies with a minimum of 500 employees; who are 18 years of age and above; and working a minimum of 30 hours.
They were further categorised into three groups based on age: Gen Y (18-31), Gen X (32-53), and Baby Boomers (54-70).
According to the survey, the boomers in India (54-70 age group) reported highest levels of performance, with 58 per cent of them saying they perform their work with intensity.
“Just one-third of both Gen X and Gen Y employees report commitment intensity — a warning to employers to focus on retention of their younger employees,” said Kowske. Also, the survey highlights that Gen Y has the highest number of respondents who plan to leave the organisation in the next 12 months, while those in the 54-70 age group plan to stay on for seven years on an average.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Will abide by Supreme Court order: SinhaCBI Chief Ranjit Sinha
New Delhi, Nov 20:  
Beleaguered CBI Chief Ranjit Sinha today said he will abide by the Supreme Court order directing him to recuse from the 2G telecom scam probe and denied having named any officer as mole before the apex court.
Sinha, who had to face Supreme Court’s ire today which asked him to keep away from the 2G telecom scam probe, said he would not be filing any review petition as the order was from the Bench headed by the Chief Justice.
When asked about naming DIG Santosh Rastogi as a possible ’mole’ who leaked the documents to activist lawyer Prashant Bhushan, the CBI Director said that he had not named anyone.
“I don’t know what are you talking about but I have not named any officer as mole or anything,” Sinha said at the agency headquarters here.
Sinha said he was waiting for the Supreme Court order and decide the future course of action on that basis, as the trial was still going on.
With just 12 days left in his retirement, Sinha today suffered a major blow when the Supreme Court removed him from the 2G scam case, saying the allegations against him of protecting some accused appears to be “prima facie credible”.
The apex court, in an unprecedented order, handed over the case to the senior-most officer after Sinha in the 2G scam investigating team.
A Bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu, however, refused to pass an elaborate order on the issue saying that it would “tarnish” the “image and reputation” of the premier agency.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Article 370: BJP treads on thin ice in J&KPTI Wooing voters BJP president Amit Shah with former IGP Frooq Khan and local candidate Showkat Javed Daing at an election rally in Banihal, Jammu & Kashmir, on Thursday.
Party finds plain talk on abrogating the law is not feasible in the poll-bound State
New Delhi, November 20:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s public rally at Kishtwar (Jammu) on November 22 is expected to clear the BJP’s confusion over Article 370, an issue that opened the party to attacks by the Congress and the National Conference on Thursday.
“The BJP is talking in different voices. In Jammu, they talk about abrogating Article 370, while in the Valley, they maintain that it can remain,” said Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah.
Senior Congress leader Ambika Soni too had earlier accused the BJP of “backtracking” on Article 370, which has been a core Hindutva issue for the Sangh Parivar along with Ramjanmaboomi and Uniform Civil Code.
From the BJP’s side, party president Amit Shah maintained silence on the issue at his two public rallies in Ramban and Banihal on Thursday.
Shah focused on development issues and talked about water, power and better roads for the State.
He attacked the “scandals and scams” encouraged by the “two first families” in the border State — Mufti Mohammed Sayeed and his daughter Mehbooba Mufti of the People’s Democratic Party, and the Abdullahs of the National Conference.
Biggest grant
“The biggest grant from the Centre comes to Kashmir. Where does the money go? These two families have siphoned off the money. They have splurged it in building palatial family homes and foreign junkets while the common people are suffering,” Shah said.
“Compare the abysmal infrastructure in Jammu and Kashmir to the States run by the BJP. We have provided 24-hour electricity, water, roads, hospital care, ambulances and education to the poorest of the poor,” the BJP president added.
In a statement issued on Shah’s behalf in Delhi, Article 370 was not mentioned even once.
At the same time, Home Minister Rajnath Singh, who addressed a rally in Leh on Thursday, made an oblique reference to the issue without really specifying the BJP’s stand.
“There are many schemes and projects which could be implemented in Jammu and Kashmir but Article 370 works as an obstacle. For instance, the State Government did not implement the 73{+r}{+d} Constitutional Amendment despite being in power for six years. The Centre cannot implement it directly in the State due to Article 370,” read a statement issued on behalf of the Home Minister by the BJP in Delhi.
National issue
Rajnath condemned the Congress and the National Conference for “creating fear” by invoking Article 370.
“Article 370 is a national issue for us and there should be an extensive debate over its utility. There are certain parties which raise the issue of Article 370 during elections as they want to create a sense of fear among certain voters.
“Those parties should discuss the issues of governance and development in the State,” said the Home Minister.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Failure of talks would drive Tehran into Russias armsNovember 20, 2014 5:59 pm
Failure to reach a nuclear deal will drive Iran into Russia’s arms
Ariane Tabatabai
It is vital a comprehensive deal on Iran’s nuclear programme is reached, writes Ariane Tabatabai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/af14ed0c-6e57-11e4-afe5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

cultural outsiders may be next corporate leaders© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/97259b4a-70c5-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi joins the great power gameIndia’s Narendra Modi joins the great power game
Philip Stephens
PM has disappointed at home but been energetic and assertive internationally
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/651ce248-6f35-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US equities not harbinger of recessionLast updated: November 20, 2014 5:32 pm
No need for radical asset mix adjustment
David Rosenberg
US pullback was a correction, not a harbinger of recession and bear market
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/79dcc99c-68d6-11e4-af00-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Short View: Eurozone deja vu© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/83a46d00-70d2-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple challenges SpotifyApple challenges Spotify Nov 20, 2014 - 4:54 pm
Apple is once again preparing to shake up the way people listen to music. After almost single-handedly creating the legal download market a decade ago, the company is now planning to bundle Beats music, a monthly subscription, into its iOS operating system. About 500m people own apple iPhones and iPads - so this has big implications for the music business. Robert Cookson talks to Matthew Garrahan about what this means for competitors like Spotify.

How would you do in the FT pub quizRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

Obama ready to bring workers out of shadowsObama set to bring more than 4m unauthorised workers out of shadows
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/988fbd28-7050-11e4-bc6a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stocks mixed after contrasting dataS&P 500 at record after reassuring data
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0215de98-7061-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The biggest oil dividend of allThe biggest oil dividend of all
Jonathan Eley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3661f4cc-6993-11e4-9f65-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Technology will decide oil pricesTechnology will decide the future oil price
Merryn Somerset Webb
Advances in manufacturing sharply reduce demand for oil
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/125967d8-6bf3-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Singapore judge rules blogger guiltySingapore judge finds blogger guilty of defaming prime minister
Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6f86a17a-6651-11e4-9c0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Singapore takes on Hong KongSingapore jostles with Hong Kong for financial crown
Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b18372a6-5297-11e4-a236-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ma blames the greedy for widespread fakes© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4bba4756-7088-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China rail group signs $12bn Nigeria dealChina rail group signs $12bn Nigeria deal
Tom Mitchell in Zhaodong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/259e9c42-7098-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mexicos first lady to sell family mansionMexico’s first lady to sell ‘White House’ family mansion
Jude Webber in Mexico City
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/135880a6-6fc2-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Silver Lake looks to turn WME into goldSilver Lake looks to turn WME into gold
Matthew Garrahan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eba1b20a-6f8d-11e4-b50f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pairing stars with designersWhen Chanel went to Salzburg
It owns and operates 15 fashion weeks – including Milan, New York and London – as well as a modelling agency with Kate Moss and Gisele Bündchen on its books, and Art + Commerce, a photography agency and archive that has long-term relationships with fashion names such as Prada, Versace and Calvin Klein.
So the question being asked around Hollywood is what will WME do with its new asset?
Endeavor was born in 1994 when Ari Emanuel, the hard-charging brother of former White House chief of staff Rahm (now mayor of Chicago) and then an agent with International Creative Management, struck out on his own: in 2001 he brought in Patrick Whitesell, who represents Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, among others. The new company grew rapidly, thanks to a roster of top talent including Mark Wahlberg and Charlize Theron, also one of the faces of Christian Dior, and in 2009 merged with William Morris to become WME, adding book publishing, music – and stars such as Lady Gaga and Justin Timberlake – to its repertoire.
With the IMG deal not yet formally signed, WME declined to comment on its plans. Though the potential of IMG’s sports properties hogged the headlines post-deal – the company is active in highly lucrative college sports leagues as well as golf – a closer examination of IMG reveals plenty of fashion opportunities for its new owners .
Fashion weeks
Detailed coverage from the catwalks of this season’s fashion shows in London, Paris, New York and Milan
Over each fashion week it operates, IMG takes payments from designers and sponsors (such as Mercedes-Benz, which owns the naming rights to New York Fashion Week), and sells and manages the television rights to each event. Those rights should be more valuable if there is a way to incorporate WME’s film, TV or music clients into the event by pairing stars with designers, or aligning them with particular fashion week brands and sponsors. In return, runway-side appearances by celebrities go round the world on the social media highway, providing instant profile-raising. And that does not even begin to get into fashion’s evolution into reality-TV staple.
Meanwhile, WME has other businesses and investments that could benefit from IMG’s fashion division. WME is a partner of Raine, a merchant bank which has taken stakes in companies including Vice, the music and youth culture brand that acquired fashion magazine i-D last year.
For its part, fashion is increasingly using Hollywood storytelling techniques to sell products, engaging directors such as Mike Figgis and Baz Luhrmann to make short films (for Lanvin and Chanel respectively). What if you could package the director, star, show and brand? Ari Emanuel may have the answer but, at least for now, he is not telling.
Related Topics

Silver Lake takes stake in talent agencyMay 2, 2012 11:22 pm
Silver Lake takes stake in talent agency
By Matthew Garrahan in Los Angeles
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ea4e877e-949e-11e1-8e90-00144feab49a.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No need for radical asset mix adjustmentLast updated: November 20, 2014 5:32 pm
No need for radical asset mix adjustment
David Rosenberg
US pullback was a correction, not a harbinger of recession and bear market
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/79dcc99c-68d6-11e4-af00-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lower oil prices cut two ways for USLower oil prices cut two ways for US economy
Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8d57f5ec-6f38-11e4-b060-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obesity draws attention to breakfast habitObesity levels draw attention to muffin and coffee habit
By Scheherazade Daneshkhu, Consumer Industries Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b41169fc-4e27-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mexicos obesity fightEducation and taxation called to arms in Mexico’s obesity fight
Jude Webber
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6578dc64-2f99-11e4-83e4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CFTC warns on US benchmark regulationCFTC warns EU rules may force tighter US derivatives regulation
Philip Stafford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d10bbd98-70ad-11e4-9129-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US report details metal warehouse issuesNovember 20, 2014 6:57 pm
US report details metal warehouse issues
By Henry Sanderson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9c7268f4-70a6-11e4-9129-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Anonymous Quindell short-seller revealedAnonymous groups that bet against Quindell and Blinkx unmasked
Miles Johnson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/39a324bc-70aa-11e4-9129-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Carmakers blame Takata over airbag crisisCarmakers blame Takata in airbag crisis
Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/83bbb87e-70d3-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Goldman hits back over commodities unitBanks hit back over commodities risks
Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f34b884a-70d8-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBS fine signals tougher approach to riskRBS fine signals PRA’s tougher approach to operational risk
Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/11a30134-70ce-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US and Iran prepare for the blame gameUS and Iran prepare for the blame game
Geoff Dyer in Washington
Tehran hopes to break out of sanctions even if last-ditch talks on its nuclear programme fail
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/512f779c-70c9-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indias Modi joins great power gameIndia’s Narendra Modi joins the great power game
Philip Stephens
PM has disappointed at home but been energetic and assertive internationally
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/651ce248-6f35-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bulgari s Octo Finissimo makes you talk of the townPrachi Bhuchar        Edition: Nov 23, 2014
Bulgari's Octo Finissimo
Tourbillon belies the engineering magic that ticks softly within its platinum case. Touching a new milestone in watchmaking, the 1.95-mm movement makes this flying tourbillon the thinnest ever.
In the Octo Finissimo, ingenuity lies sleekly encased in three ball bearings, which free up space for a double hairspring. Despite packing in 249 components, its width could rival that of a five-Swiss franc coin.
The stunning octagonal facet and bevelled and satin-brushed gears make for a splendid silhouette. Held in place by a black alligator strap, this watch is just what you will need to become the talk of the town. Floor them all.

WPI inflation to remain between 1.8-2% in Nov: D&BWPI inflation to remain between 1.8-2 per cent in November, says Dun & Bradstreet
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 17:17 IST
Photo: Reuters
The broad based slowdown in inflation trajectory is likely to continue amid declining global oil prices and the headline WPI inflation is expected to remain range bound at 1.8-2 per cent during November, says a report.
The downward spiral in global crude oil prices along with the base effect has provided some relief to the government which has been struggling to keep the inflationary pressures at bay, Dun & Bradstreet India Senior Economist Arun Singh said.
According to the report, going forward, inflationary pressures in some items may increase due to slight improvement in demand.
Moreover, waning of base effect might also lead to reversal of inflation rate. D&B expects the headline WPI inflation to remain range bound at 1.8 per cent- 2 per cent during November 2014.
Estimated lower food crop production during this year along with waning base effect has the potential to reverse the inflation rate, Singh said.
The report noted that falling inflation levels should not divert the government's attention from focusing on addressing supply-side measures to tackle prices as only sustainable easing of inflation and inflationary pressures will make Reserve Bank of India (RBI) decide in favour of bringing down policy rate.
While the Government has no doubt taken steps towards ushering in fiscal discipline and creating an environment conducive to business, structural reforms and monetary policy needs to move in tandem to shift the economy back on the path of sustainable growth, the report said.
Driven by softening prices of fuel and food items, the WPI inflation cooled to a five year low of 1.77 per cent in October.
The decline in Wholesale Price Index (WPI) based inflation stood at 2.38 per cent in September.
Retail inflation hit a record low of 5.52 per cent in October.
The WPI inflation, which fell for the fifth month in a row, was at 7.24 per cent in October 2013.

Sensex  Nifty log fresh highs led by bank stocksMARKET UPDATE: Sensex, Nifty hit fresh peaks on Kotak-ING deal
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 21, 2014  | 16:54 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Indian stocks on Friday notched up their best gain in three weeks with benchmark Sensex surging 267 points and Nifty jumping by 75.45 points to hit new highs powered by a spurt in shares of lenders after Kotak Mahindra-ING Vysya announced India's biggest banking merger .
The mood was positive across global markets after US shares provided another record-breaking lead on Thursday. Expectations that government will come out with more reforms in Winter Session of Parliament also influenced sentiments, brokers said, adding that speedy Cabinet approvals for development of infrastructure gave a boost.
The local currency also scripted a pullback after plunging to a 9-month low of 62.25 against US dollar on Thursday.
Rupee was last trading at 61.78 levels. Besides banking sector, capital goods, consumer durables, oil & gas, FMCG, auto, realty and power stocks helped the BSE index settle at 28,334.63-a new record at closing-gaining 267.07 points, or 0.95 per cent.
Its previous record closing high was 28,177.88 reached on November 17. Intra-day, it touched a new lifetime high of 28,360.66, bettering its previous record of 28,294.01 hit on November 19.
Heavyweights such as RIL, Hindalco, Cipla, BHEL, Hero Motocorp, ITC Ltd and L&T provided solid support. The 50-scrip NSE Nifty went up by 75.45 points, or 0.90 per cent, to close at fresh high of 8,477.35, beating its earlier record high of 8,430.75 hit on November 17.
The index also touched lifetime high of 8,489.80, surpassing its previous record of 8,455.65 on November 19. Kotak Mahindra Bank on Thursday evening announced the buyout of ING Vysya Bank in an all-stock deal valued at Rs 15,000 crore, which is likely to set off consolidation moves.
Shares of Kotak Bank continued their rally, surging by 3.68 percent. ING Vysya counter ended 2 percent up.
Other prominent gainers were Axis Bank, SBI, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank. They gained in 1-3 percent band.Yes Bank rose 4 percent.
Smaller peers, like City Union Bank, DCB, Dhanlaxmi Bank, Federal Bank and Karnataka Bank, logged 2-5 per cent gains. Sectorally, the BSE Bankex rose 2.37 per cent, the best among peers. It was followed by the Capital Goods that rose 1.32 per cent, FMCG index 0.90 per cent, Consumer Durables 0.84 per cent and Oil & Gas index 0.86 per cent. Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth a net Rs 477.15 crore on Thursday, according to exchanges.

2G case is no fly zone for CBI Director Ranjit SinhaIn-depth: 2G case is no fly zone for CBI Director Ranjit Sinha
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 21, 2014  | 14:10 IST
CBI Director Ranjit Sinha
Twelve days before his retirement, this is as bad as it gets for the head of the country's premier anti-corruption investigation agency. CBI Director Ranjit Sinha was on Thursday directed by the Supreme Court to stay away from the probe into the 2G scam, one of the biggest scandals to hit the country.
Never before has a court asked the chief of any police body in India to stay away from a case.
Sinha was removed from the probe on the grounds that allegations of him protecting some accused in the case appear to be "prima facie credible". Sinha was asked not to "interfere" in the case and let the senior-most officer after him supervise the probe.
After the proceedings that lasted nearly four hours, the Bench, headed by Chief Justice H.L. Dattu, refused to pass an elaborate order on the issue, saying it would tarnish the image and reputation of the agency.
The Bench, also comprising Justices M.B. Lokur and A.K. Sikri, observed, "Prima facie the allegations made in the application (by NGO Centre for Public Interest Litigation) are credible and required to be accepted."
The question that is now being asked after this unprecedented development is whether Sinha should continue as the CBI chief.
Sinha also came under attack from Anand Grover, the special public prosecutor appointed by the apex court for the 2G scam. Grover was critical of Sinha's role and questioned some of his decisions.
Even CBI counsel K.K. Venugopal raised questions about Sinha naming a senior IPS officer as a "mole" in his team.
"If he has any shame he ought to have resigned after the indictment of the Supreme Court and the special public prosecutor. If he does not resign it is incumbent upon the government to sack him and initiate proceedings against him," said Prashant Bhushan, who approached the Supreme Court seeking action against Sinha.
Grover raised serious questions on Sinha's conduct and contended that the entire case against some of the accused in the 2G case would have been "demolished" if Sinha's instructions were followed during the trial. Grover said that the stand taken by Sinha was "completely inconsistent" with the agency's and added that he tried to interfere at the last stage of the trial when the prosecution evidence was almost over.
He said that the information that he gathered, after going through all file notings, is "shocking" and cannot be revealed in an open court.
The independent prosecutor also raised questions on the opinion of the law ministry to allegedly favour some of the firms facing trial in the 2G case. "It is a sad story how the ministry works. An official deposed saying that it was done on the basis of file notings of the minister but the question is who was the person behind the minister," he said.
There was more drama in the chief justice's court when Bhushan alleged that Venugopal was directed by Sinha not to argue in this case. When the Bench inquired who had given such direction, CBI Joint Director Ashok Tiwari, who was present in the courtroom, said that Venugopal continues to be the CBI counsel in the apex court and tried to defend the CBI chief.
Noticing that there were at least nine CBI officers present in the court, the judges rebuked them by asking if they were the director's "agents" and "mouthpiece."
The Bench asked the officers to leave the courtroom and "do their duty rather than observe court proceedings". The officers, thereafter, left the courtroom.
In another blow to Sinha, the apex court also recalled its earlier order by which it directed CPIL to disclose the name of the whistleblower who had provided documents and the visitor's diary of Sinha's residence. Based on the revelations that Sinha met people linked to the 2G scam several times and other cases being probed by CBI, Prashant Bhushan moved the Supreme Court, seeking action against him. Sinha has questioned the authenticity of the diary and also levelled perjury allegations against Bhushan.
Venugopal brought to the court's notice media reports on Singh naming a DIG-rank officer Santosh Rastogi as a "mole" who supplied documents and guest list of the director's residence to Bhushan.
"Yesterday's statement was not right that the officer is a mole in the CBI. If there is any evidence, it must be produced. The statement must be withdrawn as the officer needs protection," he said.
Bhushan also submitted that he never met the officer and somebody else had given him the documents and filed an affidavit in this regard which was taken on record.
The Bench also raised objection that the image of the officer cannot be allowed to be tarnished and said that it was wrong on the part of Sinha's counsel to name the officer while arguing the case. Going by file notings on the transfer of the officer, the Bench said, "It seems that you want to clear the path as the officer was opposing some of your decisions".
The bench said the decision taken by the director to transfer the officer amounts to "overreaching" the apex court order which had directed that no person in 2G probe team be removed without its order.

Alcatel launches Flash selfie smartphone on Flipkart  prices it at Rs 9999Alibaba must deploy cash to challenge Android
Following the global buzz around selfies, Alcatel launched an octacore selfie smartphone – Flash – in partnership with e-commerce major Flipkart at a price of Rs 9999.
The Alcatel Onetouch Flash comes with a 5 MP autofocus front camera specifically, keeping in mind the selfie fans, and 13 MP rear camera. Other features of the camera include image stabilisation, 4 times digital zoom and panorama technology and a smart beauty function.
Flash also has Hotknot pre-installed, a technology that allows rapid transfer of all your multimedia information. The user can transfer his or her favorite photos or videos by just one touch.
The device has been completely designed in France.
In addition, to its selfie features, the Alcatel OneTouch Flash has a lightweight 150g body with 14cm (5.5”) HD display and featuring an 1.4 GHz Octacore processor and a 3200mAh battery. The device runs on the latest Android 4.4.2 KitKat OS and has dual frequency Wi-Fi that reduces interference and enhances transmission speed.
Speaking on the launch of Alcatel’s hit Flash model in India, Praveen Valecha, Regional Director, APAC, Alcatel One Touch, said, “Flash is our Latest innovative phone on ecommerce platform along with our strategic partner Flipkart. It is built truly for selfie fans with two key points – a good resolution front facing camera that also has the Beauty Selfie to enhance the user’s photo without the need of any extra application.”
“With its new age design and technology, we are positive that the Alcatel Onetouch Flash will be well received in the market,” Michael Adnani, VP, Retail & Head, Brand Alliances, Flipkart said.
The phones will be on sale beginning November 21, exclusively online at Flipkart.com.
Alcatel has also launches a selfie contest where top 20 daily contestants can win Rs 1000 off the purchase price. On top of that the grand prize winner will get the ultimate selfie prize – a full photo-shoot makeover to be appeared in one of the most recognized lifestyle magazine.
Alcatel Flash is available in two colors: Crystal White, Gun Grey
Key specifications:

Happy Ending  box office collections: Saif Ali Khan not  worried  about Rs 100 cr plus tagNew drug provides fresh hope for cancer patients
Actor Saif Ali Khan says he is keen to put behind his past movie mistakes to make a comeback to substantial cinema with his latest ‘Happy Ending’.
On ‘Happy Ending’ box office collections, Saif Ali Khan feels he does not have anything to prove to his audience with 100 crore plus hits as he is not as big a star as Shah Rukh or Salman Khan. Saif said with bigger stardom, actors get into a trap of doing big budget films irrespective of quality but he does not feel compelled to go into that territory and would rather give his fans great stories.
“I am not in Salman’s and SRK’s league. I don’t need to give big hits after hits. I don’t have anything to prove. My fans will prefer me doing good films instead. This gives me freedom to do more quality stuff,” the ‘Race’ star said.
The 44-year-old star says he miscalculated things previously but feels re-energised and wants to give priority to good scripts over commercial success.
“I earlier thought to do different stuff hence took up ‘Bullett Raja’ and ‘Humshakals’ because I had not done something like this before. But I realised, it was my mistake. People expect good cinema from me and I know I am a good actor. Thinking about ‘Parineeta’, I feel I can do such great films again.
“With ‘Happy Ending’ I am turning towards good movies again. I will do more films like ‘Go Goa Gone’ and ‘Omkara’. I will not compromise on quality now, commercial success comes later. I feel the need to reinvent now,” Saif said in an interview.
The actor says though it may appear to people that he has played safe by doing ‘Happy Ending’ as it is a romantic-comedy, a genre he is most comfortable with, he has reinvented himself and his character has a lot of substance.
The film, co-starring Ileana D’Cruz and funnyman Govinda has an interesting and quirky screenplay, he said.
“It is a homecoming of sorts but I am not playing safe. The film has a very modern story. The concept is interesting and I am sure people would be entertained. My character is well nuanced and nicely layered,” he said.
 
TAGS: Happy Ending Saif Ali Khan
More from lifestyle
NASA’s Curiosity rover clicks selfie on Mars NASA's Mars rover Curiosity has clicked a new selfie near a sandstone outcrop in Gale Crater's Kimberley region...

Boxing India to issue show cause notice to Sarita Devis husband  personalcoachBy: Press Trust of India | Posted: November 21, 2014 2:53 pm
Under pressure from AIBA, Boxing India (BI) said it has decided to issue a show cause notice to boxer Sarita Devi’s husband and personal coach for their unauthorised presence at the ringside during the Incheon Asian Games.
Sarita faces the prospect of a life ban from AIBA, the sport’s apex body, even though BI is trying to reduce the enormity of the punishment against the boxer for refusing to accept the Asian Games bronze medal owing to a controversial semifinal loss.
BI president Sandeep Jajodia said efforts are on to help Sarita avoid a “severe” punishment like a life ban.
“During the recent national congress of AIBA, we explained to them the circumstances in which it may have happened, Sarita’s outburst in the podium etc. We have already told them that we are contemplating to take action against Sarita’s personal coach and husband. They were not accredited people and had no business to be in the field of play,” Jajodia told ‘Times Now’.
“We are in the process of issuing a show cause notice to the coach and husband and we will be informing AIBA about all this. We are hoping that AIBA listens to our plea to be lenient to Sarita and not go ahead with something like as severe as a life ban, which will spoil her career,” he added.
Provisionally suspended by AIBA, the Indian boxing body is trying to help Sarita in every possible way it can.
“Efforts are on to get as much respite for Sarita as we can,” Jajodia said.
Meanwhile, the boxer’s husband Thoiba Singh said he was in Incheon merely as a spectator.
“I have not received the notice. We are hoping for a positive response from AIBA. I was there as a spectator, not just for my wife, but to support the Indian boxing contingent,” Thoiba said.

GMR claims Rs 4 987 cr from Maldives for termination of Male AirportcontractPrint
Hyderabad | Posted: November 21, 2014 2:52 pm
GMR Male’ International Airport Private Limited (GMIAL), a subsidiary of GMR Infrastructure Limited (GMR), has claimed USD 803 million (around Rs 4,987 crore) from the Maldivian government for ‘wrongfully’ terminating the international airport contract in that country’s capital.
According to filing with bourses, the Indian infra major said, in addition to that, a plea for award of further damages for loss of reputation caused to GMR as a consequence of wrongful repudiation of the Concession Agreement has also been made to the Arbitral Tribunal in Singapore.
“Following the aforesaid Award, GMIAL has submitted its claim for damages amounting to USD 803 million (Rs 4,987 crore)… The quantification of the damages is subject to expert evidence,” it said.
GMR entered into a Concession Agreement with Government of Maldives and Maldives Airport Company Limited (MACL) for modernisation and operation of Ibrahim Nasir International Airport (INIA) in 2010.
However, difference cropped up between both the parties and the then Maldivian Government terminated the concession agreement and took over control of the airport operations of INIA.
The Concession Agreement was wrongfully repudiated by the government of the Island nation and MACL and on November 29, 2012 arbitration proceedings were initiated by the Government and MACL themselves seeking a declaration that the Concession Agreement was void ab initio, GMR said.
The Arbitral Tribunal, by its Award dated June 18, 2014, ruled that the said Concession Agreement was valid and binding and that Maldivian Government and MACL were jointly and “severally” liable in damages to GMIAL for loss caused by their wrongful repudiation of the Concession Agreement, it further said.
 

Urban Ladder acqui-hires BuynBrag  to expand home decorbizPrint
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 2:49 pm
Online home furnishing firm Urban Ladder today said it has “acqui-hired” a team of city-based BuynBrag as it looks to expand the home decor range.
Prithvi Raj Tejavath, co-founder of BuynBrag, along with some other members of his team will move to Bangalore, where Urban Ladder is headquartered.
Urban Ladder has over 150 employees of its own.
Tejavath will also lead the home decor business for Urban Ladder as Vice President of the segment.
“While we will continue to provide our customers with best in class furniture, we feel now is the right time to add a wider home decor range to our catalogue,” Urban Ladder CEO and co-founder Ashish Goel said.
BuynBrag was launched in 2012 and is known for its contemporary design and extensive decor and furnishings range.
“My team from BuynBrag and I look forward to contribute our expertise in the home decor segment for Urban Ladder. The amalgamation of the teams will lead to producing the best in the home decor space in times to come,” Tejavath said.
Launched in July 2012, Urban Ladder was co-founded by Ashish Goel and Rajiv Srivatsa. It offers over 1,000 products across 25 categories in furniture such as wardrobes, beds, sofas, dining tables and coffee tables.
The firm aims to be the biggest furniture seller in India in the next 18 months.
Last week, Tata Group’s Chairman Emeritus Ratan Tata had invested in Urban Ladder, his second personal investment in an e-commerce firm after Snapdeal.
Previously, Urban Ladder had raised ‘Series B funding’ from Steadview Capital and existing investors SAIF Partners and Kalaari Capital.

Hong Kong Open: Saina Nehwal bows out inquartersPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Hong Kong | Posted: November 21, 2014 2:46 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 7:46 pm
Young Indian shuttler Kidambi Srikanth continued his rampaging run in Kowloon and set up a semifinal clash with top seed Chinese Chen Long even as Saina Nehwal suffered a stunning loss in the women’s singles quarterfinals at the Hong Kong Super Series, here today.
After India’s campaign in the women’s singles came to an end following Saina’s shocking loss to Tai Tzu Ying of Chinese Taipei in the quarterfinals, Srikanth brought back cheers to the home camp with a 21-14-21-15 win over Hong Kong’s Wei Nan in the men’s singles event.
Newly-crowned China Open champion, Saina, seeded third, went down 15-21 19-21 to World No. 9 Ying in just 39 minutes.
However, Srikanth, who had become the first Indian to win a Super Series Premier event at Fuzhou last week, had no difficulty in seeing off World No. 21 Wei in a 36-minute quarterfinal match.
Srikanth held a 10-6 lead early in the opening game but Wei caught up with him with a four-point burst. However, all credit to the Indian that he didn’t allow his rival to come near him after that and closed the game in her favour.
In the second game too, Srikanth surged ahead at 8-3 and held his fort as Wei crumbled.
In the women’s singles quarterfinals, Saina, who held a 5-2 edge over Ying ahead of the match, could not find a way thorough her Taipei rival’s compact game.
Last time the two met, the Indian had defeated Ying in the semifinals of Swiss Open in 2013 but the World No. 4 Saina looked pretty rusty today.
The girl from Hyderabad was a pale shadow of herself in the opening game before she fought back in the second, but failed to make it to the next round.
Breaking away from a 2-2 tie in the first game, there was no looking back for the Taipei girl. She just kept on extending the lead, even as Saina played the catch-up game.
Although Saina tried her best, she always trailed behind Ying, seeded sixth. By the end of the opening round, the Taipei girl had surged ahead wrapping it up 21-15.
The Olympic bronze medallist, however, pulled up her socks in the second game and came up with a much-improved show.
It turned out to be a closely fought affair as the game tilted from one end to another and the two shuttlers were tied at 19-19. But the World No. 9 Ying came up with two consecutive winners just when it mattered most to seal the issue in her favour, thereby making it to the semifinals.

The trailer for Disneys Cinderella released'Downton Abbey' star Lily James takes on the title role of Ella.
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: November 21, 2014 2:35 pm
Disney has unveiled the new trailer and preview still for ‘Cinderella’, its live-action remake of the 1950 animated classic.
‘Downton Abbey’ star Lily James takes on the title role of Ella, whose life is turned upside down when her wealthy father remarries then unexpectedly passes away, reported E! online.
Cate Blanchett takes on the role of Cinderella’s cruel stepmother, while Holliday Grainger and Sophie McShera will play her daughters Anastasia and Drisella. Helena Bonham Carter will play the Fairy Godmother with ‘Game of Thrones’ star Richard Madden as Prince Charming. Hayley Atwell, Stellan SkarsgArd and Derek Jacobi also feature in the supporting cast for the fairy tale, which will be directed by Kenneth Branagh.
“It is impossible to think of Cinderella without thinking of Disney and the timeless images we’ve all grown up watching. And those classic moments are irresistible to a filmmaker,” Branagh said.
‘Cinderella’ will open on March 13 in the US and March 27 in the UK.

Planning a winter holiday Canary Islands offers the best value getaway thisseasonCanary Islands
By: Express News Service | Posted: November 21, 2014 2:28 pm
So where are you heading to this winter. Fuerteventura in Canary Islands offers the best value winter sun break for Indian families this year, according to an annual TripAdvisor cost comparison study conducted by independent research firm, Ipsos.
Fuerteventura, one of the Canary Islands offers travellers a choice of almost 180 hotels, over 1,000 holiday rentals, almost 700 restaurants and over 300 attractions.
A week’s holiday for a family of four in Fuerteventura will cost Rs 51,604, which is more than seven times cheaper than the price of the most expensive destination for a winter sun break at Rs 3,88,798 in Turks and Caicos, home to the number one Caribbean island in the 2014 TripAdvisor Travellers’ Choice Islands Awards, Providenciales.
The results were taken from TripAdvisor’s TripIndex Winter Sun 2014, an annual report that compares the cost of a holiday in 29 winter sun destinations around the world. The study takes into account the cost of a week’s stay in a two bedroom holiday rental, one week’s car hire, basic self-catering groceries and dinner at a restaurant including drinks for a family of four this winter travel season (15 December – 31 March).
The Canary Islands are a clear winner for families this year as three are named in the top 10 most affordable destinations: Fuerteventura, Lanzarote and Tenerife. The Caribbean emerges as the most expensive part of the world, laying claim to five of the ten most costly destinations.
When it comes to accommodation prices across the popular winter sun destinations, Turks and Caicos has the most expensive average rate for a week’s stay in a two bedroom holiday rental, coming in at Rs 3,88,798. For the price of one week in a holiday rental in Turks and Caicos, a family of four could have over 10 weeks in our very own Goa, with a holiday rental there costing just Rs 34,649 per week.
Tenerife is the cheapest destination to get around as the cost to hire a car for a family of four for one week comes in at Rs 8,782 – around four times less than in St Lucia where hiring a car for a week will set a family back Rs 34,555.
Goa is revealed as the cheapest place for a bite to eat and drink at just RS 2,024 for a dinner out for four, Rs 106 for two soft drinks and Rs 314 for two pints of beer. Dinner in the Cayman Islands is the most expensive at Rs 8,470 while Dubai is priciest for drinks with two beers costing Rs 2,142 and two soft drinks Rs 627.
For families wanting to stock up the holiday rental with some groceries, the best value destination for a loaf of bread is Mauritius, where a family could buy ten loaves at Rs 29 each for the price of one loaf in the most expensive destination, Turks and Caicos, where a loaf of bread costs Rs 306. For a pint of milk, continued…

Sonia Gandhi slams BJP  says it is playing politics over reliefwork"Congress has an all-weather relation with people of Kashmir. My family roots bring me here time and again," she said. (PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Bandipora (j-k) | Posted: November 21, 2014 2:28 pm
Accusing the BJP of playing politics over providing relief to flood victims of Jammu and Kashmir, Congress President Sonia Gandhi today said the ruling party at the Centre promised the sky but did not follow it up with action.
Gandhi, who is here to campaign for Congress candidate Usman Majid for the forthcoming Assembly elections, said the polls are taking place at a time when people of Kashmir are yet to come to terms with the devastation caused by floods.
“Elections are taking place at a time when you have faced a natural disaster (floods). It does not feel good to talk politics (but) the relief and rehabilitation work is going on a very slow pace,” the Congress president said at an election rally here, 45 kms from Srinagar.
Gandhi said the UPA government went all out to provide succour to the victims of the 2005 earthquake that affected vast areas along the Line of Control, particularly Uri sector of Baramulla district.
“What has happened now when there is a BJP government (at the Centre)? It seems they are not interested. BJP leaders came and promised the sky but did not give anything. Even what the state (government) asked was not given,” she said.
The state government has submitted a comprehensive package of Rs 44,000 crore for relief, rehabilitation and reconstruction of the flood affected people and infrastructure in the state.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced Rs 745 crore assistance to the state when he visited the state on Diwali on October 23.
Gandhi lauded the role played by the volunteers in providing succour to the flood-hit saying, “they did whatever was possible”.
“Congress has an all-weather relation with people of Kashmir. My family roots bring me here time and again,” she said.
Highlighting the steps taken by UPA government at the Centre for Jammu and Kashmir, Gandhi said Wullar beautification project was sanctioned in 2011 and a new air strip and two regional councils were promised.
“Congress has done lot of work for the people of the state. The views of Congress for development of Jammu and Kashmir are very clear. Don’t show dreams which are not possible on the ground,” she said.
Asking the people to vote for Congress for safeguarding secular values, Gandhi said Congress believes in secularism and to keep away communal powers, “we decided to have a coalition government”.
Earlier, addressing the gathering, JKPCC chief Saifuddin Soz said, a vote for BJP in the Assembly elections will mean a vote for the RSS.
Without naming the Prime Minister, he said, “This man is running foreign policy as well as internal policy without consulting anyone, furthering the RSS agenda”.
Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad alleged that all political parties, except Congress, had continued…

Movie review: Happy Ending  A series of been-here  seen-this moments and a wastedopportunityPrint
If I start counting the number of rom coms with that exact job description of the leading man, I would tire myself out.
Written by Shubhra Gupta | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 2:04 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 2:06 pm
A writer with a block is as much a cliche as the guy with commitment issues. ‘Happy Ending’ piles up many more as it goes along, making the film a series of been-here, seen-this moments, and a wasted opportunity.
Yudi (Saif Ali Khan) is a, yes, writer with a block, who is, yes, commitment phobic. If I start counting the number of rom coms with that exact job description of the leading man, I would tire myself out. That’s what this film leaves you with: tiredness, because somewhere under all the derivativeness and dullness, there’s a film here.
Only if it had started backwards, that is. The first half spends too much time building up Yudi’s persona: he’s the guy who is happy to romp but runs when he hears the ‘L’ word, and that attitude extends to his super-happy, always-smiley girl-friend Vishakha (Kalki Koechlin). But it’s done with slackness, which is accentuated even more by the appearance of Yudi’s alter-ego, the bumbling pot-bellied fellow in printed boxers who’s always chomping on something. What is that about? Are all cool dudes secret slobs? So why not make more of that and give us sharper characters?
And then, of course, Yudi runs into that one girl, Aanchal (Ileana DCruz), who makes his heart go `dhak-dhak’, but who also likes to look before she leaps. Now that, right there, is the core of an interesting premise for a rom com, Hollywood or Bollywood : how do you get two commitment shy people to get together? But that raises its head much too late, and is never explored with any depth.
In this mix are your standard rom com tropes. The best friend, played by Ranvir Shorey, who’s married and not happy about it. The ex-girlfriend (Preity Zinta) who waited for our Yudi, who is now hitched but still hot, and lends a shoulder whenever needed.
There’s also Govinda, playing a superstar in search of a superhit script via a stack of Hollywood DVDs. Getting a Bollywood star to fly into LA , where this is based, for an ‘original’ idea could have been fun, and just right for the spoofy tone which this film is presumably aiming for.
But the tonal confusion never lets it hit its sweet spots, giving us neither a full-fledged tender romance between its good looking leads, nor the funny ha-ha bits of a blocked writer being asked to lift shamelessly : the insider joke– as readers of gossipy rags, we all know that this is what happens– is flat.
Saif Ali Khan is in a part that he can and has winged before: this is territory he inhabits with charm and ease, but none of those things help continued…

Rupee tanks to over 8-month low vs dollar at 61.96foreign exchange market
The Indian rupee extended its losses for the fifth session in a row and ended at 8-month low of 61.96 against the Greenback on Wednesday following sustained dollar demand from oil importers and weakness in local stock market.
Slowdown in inflows also weighed on rupee that ended 22 paise lower while the dollar index was trading almost stable against its six major global rivals ahead of the release of the minutes of a key US Federal Reserve meeting.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local currency commenced lower at 61.80 a dollar from previous close of 61.74 and immediately touched a high of 61.7850.
However, dollar demand pulled down the rupee as it fell back sharply to a low of 61.9950. It settled at 8-1/2-month low of 61.96, logging a drop of 22 paise or 0.36 per cent.
This was its weakest closing since finishing at 62.04 on March 3, 2014. It had also logged intra-day low of 62.15 on March 4, 2014.
“Crude oil prices had fallen in the initial half of the day and prompted oil companies to speed up their greenback purchases also hurt sentiments. Furthermore, a fall in local stocks triggered concerns of foreign fund outflows that also weighed on rupee,” said Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex India.
The rupee has weakened by 45 paise in five straight days.
In the stock market, the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex today tumbled by 130.44 points, or 0.46 per cent, after touching intra-day all-time peak of 28,294.01.
FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth USD 2.44 million on Tuesday, as per Sebi data.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group, said: “Trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 61.60 to 62.40.”
The dollar hit a new seven-year high against the yen and held near a over one-year peak versus sterling.
Forex experts said investors added favourable bets ahead of US Federal Reserve minutes that could highlight policy difference with its peers as hopes are high that Fed minutes will sound relatively more hawkish.
In the forward market, premia closed mixed.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in April softened to 208-210 paise from last close of 208.5-210.5 paise while forward contracts maturing in October, 2015 rose to 429-431 paise from 426.5-428.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.8280 and for the Euro at 77.4210.
The rupee dropped further against the pound to 97.18 from 96.71 previousl and remained weak against the euro to end at 77.70 from 77.28.
It, however, strengthened to 52.68 per 100 Japanese yen from Tuesday’s close of 52.93.

Are these little kids invisible or you are blind A Pakistani video forces you to thinkPrint
We often turn blind eye to the issues we don't have solutions for.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:10 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 4:14 pm
We often turn blind eye to the issues we don’t have solutions for. So what do we do then? Well, we just have to THINK. A Pakistani NGO Zara Sochiye is driven by the similar sentiment. It pricks the conscience of general public in Pakistan and makes them aware about the social issues.
Child labour is one such issue that is bogging down the country. There is one world, where children from well-off families struggle to keep their eyes open when they are woken up by their parents early morning to get ready for the school. And then there are children who are waiting for others to open their eyes to their problems. They are child labourers.

Best pictures from Arpita Khan s wedding: SRK-Salman Khan unison  Aamir  Katrinaentertainment
Best pictures from Arpita Khan’s wedding: Salman Khan’s ‘kalirey’ moment, SRK-Salman unison, Aamir, Katrina
The grand Khan wedding has just got over but we cannot get over the sheer awesomeness of some pictures that were shared with us by the photographers and especially by the 'Insta-photographers'. We bring to you few pictures we thought totally have the power to steal the thunder from Arpita Khan's wedding. *wink wink*
The first picture on our list is the 'Kalirey' moment, which Salman Khan himself posted.
OMG! Is he the next to be hitched?
No prizes for guessing, the much awaited 'Karan Arjun' moment at the bride's 'sangeet' becomes our second.
Shah Rukh Khan came; he chatted; he hugged Salman Khan and then the duo kissed Arpita.
Arpita is one lucky girl! And what do we say now? Humaare 'Karan Arjun' aa gaye!
The only thing that can describe this picture - Awwww!
Arpita with her brothers - Salman, Arbaaz, Sohail. She surely has their blessings.
That's another Khan duo, whose friendship emerged from nowhere and engulfed the Bollywood with love - Salman Khan and Aamir Khan. The smiles say it all!
The couple with the two mighty Khans. Need we say more?
Awww! The couple is happy with the 'Bhai' and his attention.
Another 'Kalirey' moment: So, is Salman Khan's ex Katrina Kaif the next to be hitched?
Guess, we'll have to wait!
Seen here is Katrina with the lovely bride.
Bet, you'll never see Aamir Khan, Kiran Rao and Katrina Kaif in a more fun mood than this. This deserves to be on our list.
Mr Congenial - Karan Johar with the 'Dabangg' Salman Khan! The two will be working together in Karan's production 'Shuddhi'.
The star and the fan! We don't say that Varun Dhawan is any less of a star, but here he surely looks awestruck.
'Bhai Bhai': 'The family that sings/dances together, stays together. Period.
And the much in love couple - Arpita Khan and Aayush Sharma.
Related

Deadly blizzards maroon people at homes  on roads in New Yorkpicture  others
Deadly blizzards maroon people at homes, on roads in New York
A CSX freight train plows its way past the Cemetery Rd. overpass in Lancaster, N.Y. on Wednesday. (Source: AP Photo)
State officials say the Thruway will stay closed in the Buffalo area for the duration of a lake-effect storm that has dumped 6 feet of snow since Tuesday. (Source: AP Photo)
Snow was being trucked out of the hardest hit areas after Wednesday's snowstorm, which dropped more than five feet of snow. (Source: AP Photo)
A vehicle, with a large chunk of snow on its top, drives along Route 20 after digging out after a massive snow fall in Lancaster, N.Y. Wednesday, Nov. (Source: AP Photo)
Neighbors band together for a supply run on groceries and gas to help them dig out after a massive snow fall in Lancaster, N.Y. (Source: AP Photo)
A family shovel out the snow from their home. (Source: AP Photo)
A man attempts to clear the snow in his driveway in Depew, N.Y. Several feet of lake-effect snow paralyzed the Buffalo area Tuesday. (Source: AP photo)
A man help push out a stuck motorist on George Urban Boulevard in Depew, N.Y. (Source: AP photo)
Firefighters from West End Hose Company in Depew, N.Y. help a stuck motorist on Transit Road.  (Source: AP photo)
State troopers have been forced to deliver blankets and other supplies to motorists stranded on the New York State Thruway. (Source: AP photo)
Buffalo Police block traffic on Bailey Avenue at the intersection with Clinton Street as heavy equipment clears snow. (Source: AP photo)
A couple walk home after shopping at Tops as snow falls in Boston, N.Y. (Source: AP photo)
A man makes his way on a snowmobile to his home in Boston, N.Y.(Source: AP photo)
A band of storm clouds moves across Lake Erie and into Buffalo, N.Y. (Source: AP photo)
Related

No personal aspersions cast on me: CBI chiefPrint
Written by Ritu Sarin | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 4:04 am
Hours after the Supreme Court observed that allegations made against him “seemed prima facie credible” and directed him to stay away from the probe into the 2G scam, CBI Director Ranjit Sinha said he was taking comfort from the fact that no “personal aspersions’’ had been cast against him.
Speaking to The Indian Express, Sinha said: “I had offered to recuse myself from the 2G probe when the whole issue of the visitors’ diary was first taken up by the Supreme Court. Now that an order to this effect has come, I have to comply with it. But while the court has asked me not to interfere in the probe, no personal aspersions have been made against me.”
The 2G probe, he said, was at the trial stage even before he was appointed Director and there was no role for him to monitor the probe.
“What is the role left for me in any case? Even earlier, the Supreme Court has asked a CBI officer to recuse himself from the coal allocation case. This time, they have asked me to stay away from the 2G case. The trial is in the final stage. Even in the Aircel-Maxis matter, the chargesheet has been filed and some part of the probe is being handled at the international end and we are awaiting details from other countries… There is no role for the Director to play.”
Incidentally, Sinha tried to distance himself from comments made by his counsel, Vikas Singh, in the courtroom on Wednesday. Singh had named DIG Santosh Rastogi as a possible “mole” who had been leaking information to petitioner Prashant Bhushan.
“I have not named anyone before the court. I do not know how he has been named. But the fact is that there are some disgruntled elements within the agency and that is why every sort of sensitive information from my office has been leaking out,” Sinha said.
He said he was not “precisely” aware how information was being leaked. “There have been a number of occasions and I have tried to plug the leaks. Action has also been taken against some officers but I wish to clarify that nobody has been named by me personally,” he said.

Concerned  Kerry joins troubled Iran nuclear talksJohn Kerry arrived in Vienna on Thursday to join troubled nuclear talks four days before a deadline.
By: Agence-France Presse | Vienna | Posted: November 21, 2014 12:28 am
US Secretary of State John Kerry arrived in Vienna on Thursday to join troubled nuclear talks four days before a deadline, with Russia warning that getting a deal will be “very difficult”.
Speaking in Paris earlier, Kerry said that together with British counterpart Philip Hammond – who yesterday said he was “not optimistic” – he was “concerned about the gaps”.
“We all are,” Kerry said.
Hammond had also suggested that the best hope was making enough progress to extend the deadline for a second time after an earlier cut-off point of July 20 was missed.
But Kerry, due to meet Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif this evening, said the parties “are not discussing an extension. We are negotiating to have an agreement.”
Iran and the six powers have been negotiating intensively since February to turn an interim accord with Iran reached a year ago into a lasting agreement before November 24.
Such a deal, after 12 years of rising tensions, is aimed at easing fears that Tehran will develop nuclear weapons under the guise of its civilian activities – an ambition the Islamic republic has always hotly denied.
Russia’s main negotiator in the talks, Sergei Ryabkov, said tosday that the talks were being held in a “tense atmosphere” and that agreeing the mammoth accord would be tough.
“In the current situation it will be very difficult to get a deal unless there is a new spirit,” Ryabkov was quoted as saying by Russian agency RIA Novosti.
He warned: “A possibility like we have at the moment (to get a deal) is very rare. This is a crucial moment and to let it pass would be a serious mistake with grave consequences.”
Some areas appear provisionally settled in what would be a highly complex deal that would run for many years, even decades.
But two key issues remain: enrichment – rendering uranium suitable for peaceful uses but also, at high purities, for a weapon – and the pace of the lifting of sanctions.

US promotes entrepreneurship to counter extremismUS Vice President Joe Biden and other American officials attending the 5th annual Global Entrepreneurship Summit in Morocco were hopeful of change.
By: Associated Press | Marrakech | Posted: November 21, 2014 12:43 am
The US is promoting entrepreneurship in the Middle East and North Africa as a way to create jobs and counter extremism in the region, senior American officials said today at a conference in Morocco.
The environment needed to encourage these new businesses is difficult to find, however, in the highly regulated economies of the region.
“We don’t have a culture of innovation,” said Anis Aouni, a Tunisian inventor from Saphon Energy whose new model of a wind turbine was being showcased by Microsoft.
But US Vice President Joe Biden and other American officials attending the 5th annual Global Entrepreneurship Summit in Morocco were hopeful of change.
Biden called for education systems that questioned orthodoxy, well-defined legal systems that fight corruption and freedom of expression, elements that local activists have said are in short supply in the Middle East and North Africa.
“You cannot think different where you cannot breathe free,” said Biden, using the famous slogan of Apple founder Steve Jobs. “You cannot think different when you cannot challenge orthodoxy. You cannot think different where you cannot speak your mind.”
He added that the countries in the Middle East and Africa are racing to create tens of millions of jobs as their overwhelmingly young populations enter the work force.
US Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker told The Associated Press that governments in the region were coming around to the importance of entrepreneurship as a way of employing the masses of young people not finding work in the current economies.
“We have heads of countries who have gone from no understanding of entrepreneurship to how do we do it the way you do it in the United States,” she said.
“What they see is job creation, greater economic growth potential, security and stability, not allowing idle minds to find trouble.”
The speech by Moroccan King Mohammed VI, read out by Prime Minister Abdelilah Benkirane, gave strong support for supporting young businesses and many attending the conference expressed hope the business environment in Morocco would improve.

Will support North if she wants to pose nude: Kim KardashianBy: Press Trust of India | London | Posted: November 21, 2014 3:10 pm
Reality TV star Kim Kardashian says she wouldn’t have a problem if her daughter North wanted to follow in her footsteps and pose nude when she’s older.
The 34-year-old ‘Keeping Up With The Kardashians’ star recently bared all for Paper magazine and found the shoot ‘empowering’. So she wouldn’t have a problem if 17-month-old North – her child with husband Kanye West – wanted to follow in her footsteps in the future, reported Contactmusic.
“I would support anything she (North) wants to do. I don’t do anything with the intention to promote anyone else doing it, that’s not even what I’m trying to do.
“I do it because I’m proud of it and it empowered me to feel good about myself after I had gained 500 pounds and looked like a huge slob for so long,” Kardashian said.

BCCI contests Mudgal report  says player guilty was orally reprimandedHe added that the incident involving the player was not related to the IPL and also not in betting, match-fixing or any corrupt activity.
By: Express News Service | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:02 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 4:14 am
Refuting the Mudgal probe panel’s charge that no action was taken against an Indian cricket team player found guilty of violating code of conduct, the BCCI and its ousted chief N Srinivasan told SC Friday that the player was orally reprimanded as per rules, but the infraction was neither related to the IPL nor involved betting or fixing.
While Srinivasan sought his re-instatement as the BCCI chief stating there was “absolutely nothing” in the Mudgal report to incriminate him, the cricketing body said the panel was “incorrect” in indicting him and other officials for not taking actions.
BCCI maintained the violation was “minor” and it took place at a time when Shashank Manohar, not Srinivasan, was the president, and Ranjib Biswal the manager. It attached with its reply a separate affidavit by Biswal, who concurred that the incident had happened during his tenure as the Indian team manager and that he had brought the violation to the notice of the then president, Manohar. Manohar asked him to call the concerned player and orally reprimand him in accordance with the BCCI rules. Keeping in view the nature of the allegations, the bonafide explanation offered by the player and also as to his age and antecedents, Biswal had reprimanded the player and sent a report to Manohar.
Srinivasan, who was at that time the honarary secretary of the BCCI said he had no role in the entire episode since the president had never instructed him to do anything on the issue and that he spoke to the said player, who had been duly warned.
He added that the incident involving the player was not related to the IPL and also not in betting, match-fixing or any corrupt activity. “I may draw the attention of this court to the undertaking given by me and recorded in the order dated March 28, 2014 that I will not discharge my duties as BCCI president till the probe is concluded. There is no reason for me to continue to stay away from my elected position,” Srinivasan said. The court will hear the matter on Monday.
‘NO TRUTH, ONLY MALICE’
His affidavit added: “I have already lost close to the whole year of my elected term on the basis of wholly false and motivated charges. I pray that the honourable court discharge me from my undertaking and allow me resume my office and pass an appropriate order in this regard.”
The conclusions in the Mudgal report, Srinivasan said, vindicated his stand that all allegations of his involvement in the IPL corruption case were “false, baseless and motivated out of malice.”
India Cements has also continued…

Robert De Niro settles property tax disputeHollywood star Robert De Niro decided to drop his long-running court battle over a property tax assessment. (Source: Reuters)
By: Press Trust of India | New York | Posted: November 21, 2014 2:58 pm
Actor Robert De Niro has agreed to pay officials in a New York town USD 130,000 in legal fees after deciding to drop his long-running court battle over a property tax assessment.
The 71-year-old ‘Raging Bull’ star purchased his Hudson Valley pad via his Riverside Trust in 1997 for USD 1.5 million, but expanded the estate in recent years to include two guest houses, a swimming pool, basketball court, boxing space and film production suites, reported New York Times.
The extensive renovations prompted tax officials to revalue the property at USD 6 million in 2010, and De Niro challenged the estimation, insisting it was only worth USD 4 million. A judge ruled against the star in June, prompting De Niro to launch an appeal.
He has since reached a settlement with the local authorities in Gardiner and agreed to drop the appeal and pick up the bill for costs they incurred while defending their assessment.

Boxing India to issue show cause notice to Sarita Devis husband  personal coachBy: Press Trust of India | Posted: November 21, 2014 2:53 pm
Under pressure from AIBA, Boxing India (BI) said it has decided to issue a show cause notice to boxer Sarita Devi’s husband and personal coach for their unauthorised presence at the ringside during the Incheon Asian Games.
Sarita faces the prospect of a life ban from AIBA, the sport’s apex body, even though BI is trying to reduce the enormity of the punishment against the boxer for refusing to accept the Asian Games bronze medal owing to a controversial semifinal loss.
BI president Sandeep Jajodia said efforts are on to help Sarita avoid a “severe” punishment like a life ban.
“During the recent national congress of AIBA, we explained to them the circumstances in which it may have happened, Sarita’s outburst in the podium etc. We have already told them that we are contemplating to take action against Sarita’s personal coach and husband. They were not accredited people and had no business to be in the field of play,” Jajodia told ‘Times Now’.
“We are in the process of issuing a show cause notice to the coach and husband and we will be informing AIBA about all this. We are hoping that AIBA listens to our plea to be lenient to Sarita and not go ahead with something like as severe as a life ban, which will spoil her career,” he added.
Provisionally suspended by AIBA, the Indian boxing body is trying to help Sarita in every possible way it can.
“Efforts are on to get as much respite for Sarita as we can,” Jajodia said.
Meanwhile, the boxer’s husband Thoiba Singh said he was in Incheon merely as a spectator.
“I have not received the notice. We are hoping for a positive response from AIBA. I was there as a spectator, not just for my wife, but to support the Indian boxing contingent,” Thoiba said.

Urban Ladder acqui-hires BuynBrag  to expand home decor bizPrint
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 2:49 pm
Online home furnishing firm Urban Ladder today said it has “acqui-hired” a team of city-based BuynBrag as it looks to expand the home decor range.
Prithvi Raj Tejavath, co-founder of BuynBrag, along with some other members of his team will move to Bangalore, where Urban Ladder is headquartered.
Urban Ladder has over 150 employees of its own.
Tejavath will also lead the home decor business for Urban Ladder as Vice President of the segment.
“While we will continue to provide our customers with best in class furniture, we feel now is the right time to add a wider home decor range to our catalogue,” Urban Ladder CEO and co-founder Ashish Goel said.
BuynBrag was launched in 2012 and is known for its contemporary design and extensive decor and furnishings range.
“My team from BuynBrag and I look forward to contribute our expertise in the home decor segment for Urban Ladder. The amalgamation of the teams will lead to producing the best in the home decor space in times to come,” Tejavath said.
Launched in July 2012, Urban Ladder was co-founded by Ashish Goel and Rajiv Srivatsa. It offers over 1,000 products across 25 categories in furniture such as wardrobes, beds, sofas, dining tables and coffee tables.
The firm aims to be the biggest furniture seller in India in the next 18 months.
Last week, Tata Group’s Chairman Emeritus Ratan Tata had invested in Urban Ladder, his second personal investment in an e-commerce firm after Snapdeal.
Previously, Urban Ladder had raised ‘Series B funding’ from Steadview Capital and existing investors SAIF Partners and Kalaari Capital.

Hong Kong Open: Saina Nehwal bows out in quartersPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Hong Kong | Posted: November 21, 2014 2:46 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 7:46 pm
Young Indian shuttler Kidambi Srikanth continued his rampaging run in Kowloon and set up a semifinal clash with top seed Chinese Chen Long even as Saina Nehwal suffered a stunning loss in the women’s singles quarterfinals at the Hong Kong Super Series, here today.
After India’s campaign in the women’s singles came to an end following Saina’s shocking loss to Tai Tzu Ying of Chinese Taipei in the quarterfinals, Srikanth brought back cheers to the home camp with a 21-14-21-15 win over Hong Kong’s Wei Nan in the men’s singles event.
Newly-crowned China Open champion, Saina, seeded third, went down 15-21 19-21 to World No. 9 Ying in just 39 minutes.
However, Srikanth, who had become the first Indian to win a Super Series Premier event at Fuzhou last week, had no difficulty in seeing off World No. 21 Wei in a 36-minute quarterfinal match.
Srikanth held a 10-6 lead early in the opening game but Wei caught up with him with a four-point burst. However, all credit to the Indian that he didn’t allow his rival to come near him after that and closed the game in her favour.
In the second game too, Srikanth surged ahead at 8-3 and held his fort as Wei crumbled.
In the women’s singles quarterfinals, Saina, who held a 5-2 edge over Ying ahead of the match, could not find a way thorough her Taipei rival’s compact game.
Last time the two met, the Indian had defeated Ying in the semifinals of Swiss Open in 2013 but the World No. 4 Saina looked pretty rusty today.
The girl from Hyderabad was a pale shadow of herself in the opening game before she fought back in the second, but failed to make it to the next round.
Breaking away from a 2-2 tie in the first game, there was no looking back for the Taipei girl. She just kept on extending the lead, even as Saina played the catch-up game.
Although Saina tried her best, she always trailed behind Ying, seeded sixth. By the end of the opening round, the Taipei girl had surged ahead wrapping it up 21-15.
The Olympic bronze medallist, however, pulled up her socks in the second game and came up with a much-improved show.
It turned out to be a closely fought affair as the game tilted from one end to another and the two shuttlers were tied at 19-19. But the World No. 9 Ying came up with two consecutive winners just when it mattered most to seal the issue in her favour, thereby making it to the semifinals.

Govt to set up corporation to ensure scientific garbage disposal: SorakeKaup (Udupi District), November 21, 2014
Updated: November 21, 2014 15:24 IST
Govt to set up corporation to ensure scientific garbage disposal: Sorake
Ganesh Prabhu
Tweet
The Hindu
Vinay Kumar Sorake, Urban Development Minister, participating in the 'Swachch Bharat Abhiyan' cleanliness drive at Kaup in Udupi district on Friday.
The Hindu
Students participating in a procession propagating the message of cleanliness at Kaup in Udupi district on Friday.
Vinay Kumar Sorake, Urban Development Minister, said on Friday that the State government would set up a separate corporation under his Ministry for ensuring scientific disposal of garbage in towns and cities.
He was speaking at the inaugural function of the cleanliness campaign organised by the Home Guards and other organisations here.
Mr. Sorake said that presently most of the towns in the State were still disposing the garbage generated in their areas in the traditional manner. The proposed corporation would study the problem and provide solutions for scientific disposal of garbage.
It would also look into recycling of garbage. His ministry was encouraging and aiding towns and cities in the State to set up Solid Waste Management Plants to solve the problem of garbage disposal.
According to a survey, while 38 per cent of people were living in the urban areas in the State, nearly 62 per cent were in the rural areas. Hence, rural areas too were facing the problem of garbage disposal. The State Government was also giving importance to scientific garbage disposal in rural areas also.
The government had set up a Solid Waste Management Plant at Alevoor near Udupi. The garbage of Udupi, Kaup and surrounding areas was being treated in this plant. The State government had taken up the cleanliness drive both in rural and urban areas. It had already issued circulars to the Deputy Commissioners and other officials in this regard, he said.
PROPOSAL
Mr. Sorake said that his ministry had submitted a proposal to the government to convert Kaup into a Town Municipal Council (TMC) by merging villages such as Mulloor, Padu, Uliyargoli and Mallaru villages. A Rs. 51 crore drinking water project for Kaup and its surrounding had also been submitted to the government.
The government had already approved Rs. three crore for construction of underground drainage system for Kaup in the first phase. Another proposal of Rs. 32 crore for the extension of the underground drainage system had been sought in Kaup. “We also want Kaup to be developed as a taluk headquarters in the future,” Mr. Sorake said.
Earlier, Mr. Sorake cleaned the area near Kalya Mari shrine with a broom. The Home Guards, students of various educational institutions and members of various organisations, cleaned the streets of Kaup and took out a procession propagating the message of cleanliness.

Indian economy showing signs of a turnaround: OECDinflation and deflation
OECD pegs India’s growth at 5.4% for this fiscal
The OECD has upped its 2015-16 growth projection for India to 6.6 per cent. The Paris-based think tank had pegged it at 5.7 per cent in May. The growth had remained sub-5 per cent in the last two financial years. The OECD projects it to be 5.4 per cent this financial year.
Without structural reforms, the growth will remain below the 8 per cent rate achieved during the previous decade, the OECD Economic Survey of India has cautioned. It also warns that although absolute poverty has declined, it remains high, and income inequality has in fact risen since the early 1990s.
“India slowed more than many other countries since 2011, but is now recovering faster,” said an OECD release. “The Indian economy is showing signs of a turnaround. New reforms, some of which are included in the package presented by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, need to be implemented to put the country on a path to strong, sustainable and inclusive growth,” it added.
OECD Chief Economist Catherine L. Mann released the survey here on Wednesday. Also present was Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian. The decline in inflation in the first half of 2014 is encouraging but inflation expectations have remained stubbornly high, the survey notes. Consumer price inflation in India has remained much higher than that in the OECD area and in other BRICS, the survey says and recommends that monetary policy should err on the prudent side to restore confidence and avoid a rebound in inflationary pressures. Supply-side constraints in the food sector — including the lack of cold storage and refrigerated transport facilities — have also contributed to food price volatility, it says.
Fiscal consolidation
The budgeted 17 per cent increase in tax revenue seems optimistic, the survey says. Achieving a sustainable and quality fiscal consolidation would require streamlining the many tax breaks which undermine revenues and contribute to the complexity of the tax system, as well as other public finance reforms, it recommends. Improving the Income Tax Act by further broadening its base, including by abolishing the tax allowance for interest paid on housing and education loans.
Inefficient subsidy programmes for food, energy and fertilizers have increased steadily while public spending on health care and education has remained low, the survey says.
Key recommendations of the Survey:
Implementation of flexible inflation targeting; shifting public spending away from energy subsidies towards investments in physical and social infrastructure, and the implementation of a national value-added tax (GST) with only limited exemptions. It further suggests that the current fiscal rules be extended to include spending ceilings and improving the accounting framework of the Centre and recommends spending reviews for core spending programmes with the view to improve their effectiveness and reconsidering the prohibition on using machines for NREGS projects.
With average growth above 8 per cent and the incidence of poverty cut in half, India experienced strong inclusive growth between 2003 and 2011, the Survey says. This reflected gains from past structural reforms, strong capital inflows up to 2007 and the expansionary fiscal and monetary policies since 2009. These growth engines faltered in 2012, it says.
In 2014, the economy has shown signs of a turnaround. Fiscal consolidation at the Centre has been accompanied by a decline in both inflation and the current account deficit. Confidence has been boosted by on-going reforms to the monetary policy framework, with more weight given to inflation. The large depreciation in the rupee has also helped revive exports. Industrial production has rebounded and business sentiment has surged, triggered by a decline in political uncertainty.
Reducing macroeconomic imbalances further is key to sustaining consumer and investor confidence and to containing external vulnerabilities – this will require adhering to the fiscal roadmap and implementing the proposed changes to the monetary policy framework.

After bad back  a familiar foeRoger Federer and Stanislas Wawrinka take a break during training in Lille on Thursday. The two claimed to have buried their differences and are now looking to give Switzerland its first Davis Cup title (Source: Reuters)
Lille | Posted: November 21, 2014 3:39 am | Updated: November 21, 2014 11:52 am
Switzerland’s Roger Federer, who has been hampered by back problems, has been named to play in the second singles rubber of the Davis Cup final against France’s Gael Monfils on Friday. The 17-time Grand Slam champion, looking to give the Swiss a maiden title in the team competition, withdrew from the ATP World Tour final against Novak Djokovic in London last Sunday.
But the world number two was back in training on Thursday at Lille’s Pierre Mauroy stadium, where the tie will be played indoors on clay in front of some 27,000 fans.
“Things have been going well out there this morning. I was really happy with the way I felt,” Federer, who made his decision to play after Thursday’s early practice session, told a news conference following the draw ceremony.
Asked if he was 100 per cent fit, Federer said: “Only the match gives you the answer. I’m just pleased that I can play tomorrow, give it a go. Things have been going well.” Federer’s inclusion did not surprise the French. “It is not a surprise for us, we prepared ourselves to play against Roger and Stan,” said France captain Arnaud Clement.
“He’s had three days to rest and before that he played his best tennis (in London) so it’s all good for him,” said Monfils, who lost to Federer in five sets in the U.S. Open quarter-finals in September and has never beaten him in five matches on clay.
CLOSE MATCHES
Switzerland’s world number four Stan Wawrinka will open proceedings against Jo-Wilfried Tsonga on Friday in what is expected to be a close battle. “We always play close matches, determination will be the key,” said Tsonga, who has a 3-2 record against Wawrinka. “It’s going to be a bit different here, it’s on indoor clay and there will be more pressure,” said Wawrinka.
Switzerland captain Severin Luthi named Marco Chiudinelli and Michael Lammer to play in Saturday’s doubles against Julien Benneteau and Richard Gasquet but he has until one hour before the start of the match to change his lineup. Federer will face Tsonga in the reverse singles with Wawrinka playing Monfils in the potentially deciding fifth match. France are trying to win the Davis Cup for the 10th time, having last lifted the title in 2001.
They lost in their last two finals against Russia in 2002 and Serbia in 2010. The team led by Clement beat holders Czech Republic in the semi-finals while Switzerland defeated Italy.
IPTL organisers unconcerned
The head of the new International Premier Tennis League (IPTL) shrugged off concerns over Federer’s fitness continued…

Federer s back is key in Davis Cup finalUpdated: November 20, 2014 17:11 IST
Federer's back is key in Davis Cup final
AP
Tweet
AP
Roger Federer of Switzerland returns the ball during a Davis Cup tennis training session at the Pierre Mauroy stadium in Villeneuve d'Ascq, northern France. France will face Switzerland in their Davis Cup final which will start on Friday.
TOPICS
tennis
Roger Federer was at the top of his game in London last week, sweeping past opponents as if his age were not an issue. A back injury over the weekend changed everything, casting serious doubts over his chances of winning the Davis Cup, or even playing against France in the final.
The 17-time Grand Slam champion picked up the injury in a hard-fought win over Swiss teammate Stan Wawrinka at the ATP Finals, forcing him to retire ahead of the title match against Novak Djokovic.
One statistic speaks volumes about the seriousness of the 33-year-old Federer’s injury — His walkover at the season finale marked only the third time in his career that he withdrew before a match, each time due to back problems.
Wawrinka’s morale worries the Swiss
As if Federer’s injury concerns were not enough, the Swiss are also worried about Wawrinka’s morale as the country bids for its first Davis Cup victory. After wasting four match points against Federer in London, the Australian Open champion said he “can either be destroyed or bounce back” from such a tough loss.
Following the match, two men are also said to have been involved in a heated spat after Wawrinka complained about noise coming from Federer’s box in between serves toward the end of the third set. Federer defused the tensions by posting a picture on Twitter of a united Switzerland team, with Wawrinka making bunny ears behind his teammate, and both players insisted on their friendship on Tuesday.
It's great being with the boys again .. And #captain #lüthi pic.twitter.com/iMWJUVKd0T
— Roger Federer (@rogerfederer) November 17, 2014
“We had a conversation after the match. Everything’s totally relaxed about the situation. We’re old enough,” Federer said. “I just wanted to see if there were any hard feelings because it was probably one of the loudest moments of the match. Clearly a lot of noise. Like I said, there is no hard feeling whatsoever. We’re having a good time here. We are friends, not enemies.”
Federer travelled to the northern French city of Lille by private jet on Monday, hoping to recover in time before the best-of-five series beginning Friday with two singles matches, followed by doubles on Saturday and reverse singles on Sunday.
“It was definitely not good enough to practice yesterday,” Federer told reporters Tuesday. “I wish progress would be faster, but we’re trying hard. We’re heading in that direction. I feel it’s definitely a little bit better than it was on Saturday night and Sunday and also Monday. Baby steps, I guess. I’m hopeful.”
Federer’s form
Federer had been in tremendous form this season, playing a more offensive game and bagging five titles while staying injury-free after back problems damaged his 2013 campaign.
Chasing the only major title still eluding him, Federer also showed his commitment to the Davis Cup this year, joining the Swiss team immediately after his loss in the U.S. Open semifinals to take part to their semifinal against Italy in September.
For years, Federer did not regard the Davis Cup as a main priority. The emergence of Wawrinka as a top player changed the equation and convinced him they had a good chance of winning the event. But without Federer, the Swiss have won just one of the 10 ties they have played in the World Group since his debut in the competition in 1999.
If Federer can’t play, Swiss captain Severin Luthi will have to do either with the 212-ranked Marco Chiudinelli or No. 508 Michael Lammer.
“For the time being, we are not thinking that Roger Federer will not play on Friday,” France captain Arnaud Clement said. “We have been preparing for 10 days, and we are prepared to play the Swiss team with Federer and Wawrinka. But what we are going to play is not Federer’s team, it is the Swiss team. They have good players.”
Unlike its opponents, France is at full strength with Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, Gael Monfils, Julien Benneteau and Richard Gasquet having traveled to Lille after a training camp in Bordeaux. Clement also summoned Gilles Simon as a reserve player.
Both Tsonga and Gasquet, who won their singles matches and teamed up in doubles in the victory over the Czech Republic in the semifinals, said they are not getting distracted by the Swiss team’s struggles.
France is looking to win the trophy for the 10th time.
“I think for this weekend, the important thing for us is to stay focused on ourselves, on our team,” Tsonga said. “What we need is to have a perfect performance. What we can do is just play tennis. Anything else is not really our business.”

Board will decide on loan to Adani: SBIbanking
Political parties question ‘largesse’ from public sector bank, project viability
Amid criticism from Opposition parties over its decision to provide a $ 1 billion loan to the Adani Group for a coal mine project in Australia, the State Bank of India (SBI) on Thursday said the money would be disbursed only if the company’s outstanding credit is within limit.
The loan will be given only after the SBI Board takes a call, said Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya. “... we have entered a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), but the project will now have to be assessed, my board has to take a call, it has to be within credit limit of the company… All of that will get checked,” Ms. Bhattacharya told reporters.
During Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Australia visit, the Adani Group announced an MoU with the SBI for a $ 1-billion credit facility for its coal mine project in Queensland.
Congress communication in-charge Ajay Maken questioned the SBI’s decision to provide the loan when several international banks had ruled out funding the project. He made this claim on the basis of a report in The Guardian on Monday.
On the project’s viability, Ms. Bhattacharya said that since India was growing, the requirement for coal would only grow.
The Congress also flagged Union Minister of State for Power Piyush Goyal’s recent statement that India would not need to import coal after 2017 and wondered why a public sector bank was facilitating import of coal. To this, Ms. Bhattacharya said: “Can you imagine a world where no coal is burnt? That will not happen…”
The CPI(M), too, questioned “such largesse’’ when serious questions have been raised about the project.

Shah Rukh Khans Happy New Year heads to Marrakech film festReleased Oct 24, the film grossed over Rs.350 crore worldwide with more than Rs.200 crore net in India itself.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 3:53 pm
Making its mark at the box-office worldwide and its screenplay making its way to the Oscar Library, “Happy New Year” has now been invited at the 14th edition of Marrakech International Film Festival.
The Red Chillies Entertainments Pvt. Ltd.’s film, directed by Farah Khan and starring Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Sonu Sood, Boman Irani and Vivaan Shah, has been officially invited in the out-of-competition section at the upcoming festival, that opens Dec 5.
The film will be screened on the Jemaa El Fna Square Dec 6, the day of the Official Royal Dinner hosted by the president of the Festival Foundation, His Royal Highness Prince Moulay Rachid. Farah Khan and cast of the film are invited to attend the Official Red Carpet of the evening, said a statement.
Farah, Abhishek, and Boman will represent the team at the festival that will go on till Dec 13.
“We are very happy to screen HNY at the Marrakech International Film Festival. It will be one the highlights of the Festival. Farah Khan, Abhishek Bachchan and Boman Irani will introduce the film on the famous Jemaa El Fna Square in front of thousands of people,” said Mélita Toscan du Plantier, director of film festival.
“It will be Farah’s first time at the Festival as Abhishek came in 2003 and Boman in 2012 for the Tribute to Indian Cinema. It is the only Indian film screened on the Square this year as every night an actor presents a film like Viggo Mortensen, Jeremy Irons, Adel Imam, etc,” the director said.
Toscan du Plantier added that “Shah Rukh Khan has a special relationship with the Marrakech Film Festival and Morocco…He came for a Tribute in 2011 and for the Centenary of Indian Cinema in 2012.”
“He was also decorated by HRH Prince Moulay Rachid on behalf of His Majesty King Mohammed VI. Each time he has been on the Square, it has been a sea of people coming from all Morocco, who love him very much and hey even sang some of his songs in Hindi. Moroccans have a very special relationship with Bollywood,” said the director.
Farah is also excited to grace the event.
“I’m delighted that HNY is being showcased in Marrakech. Marrakech has become a festival of repute n it’s an honour to take our film there,” she said in a statement.
Released Oct 24, the film grossed over Rs.350 crore worldwide with more than Rs.200 crore net in India itself.

CBIs Additional Director Dutta to head 2G case after SC removed Ranjit Sinha from probePrint
The court had handed over the case to the senior-most officer after Ranjit Sinha in the investigating team probing the spectrum scam. (Source: AP photo/file)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 3:52 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 4:14 pm
Additional Director R K Dutta will now head the CBI probe in the 2G spectrum scam after the Supreme Court directed the agency Chief Ranjit Sinha to recuse from the investigation.
A 1981-batch IPS officer from the Karnataka cadre, Rupak Kumar Dutta is the overall incharge of the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) of the agency which is probing the 2G cases.
CBI sources said initially it was not clear whether Special Director Anil Sinha who is the number two after the Director will oversee the probe or Dutta who is incharge of ACB will lead the investigation.
They said it was decided that according to the Supreme Court order, the person heading the investigation team should be put in charge of the 2G cases.
Due to retire in the end of this month, Sinha had yesterday suffered a major blow when the apex court removed him from the 2G probe, saying the allegations against him of protecting some accused appear to be “prima facie credible”.
The court had handed over the case to the senior-most officer after Sinha in the investigating team probing the spectrum scam.
A bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu, however, had refused to pass an elaborate order on the issue, saying that it would “tarnish” the “image and reputation” of the premier agency.
The court’s directives had come while hearing the plea of senior lawyer Prashant Bhushan who demanded his ouster for allegedly influencing the trial in the case.
Bhushan had alleged Sinha wrote to the then Special Public Prosecutor U U Lalit points which could have tilted the trial in favour of one of the accused. Lalit had trashed the suggestions.

Breakfast like a king: Heres how to make Aaloo ParanthaPrint
Aaloo Parantha (Source: Ashima Goyal Siraj)
Written by Ashima Goyal Siraj , Edited by Parmita Uniyal | Angola | Posted: November 21, 2014 3:40 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 3:42 pm
In my kitchen Aaloo Parantha presides over all other paranthas. It’s undisputably the king of paranthas. Since past few weeks we have been having them at least once every week for breakfast. As they say breakfast like a king; we need a king to do justice to it.
Potato is a quintessential part of Indian cuisine, especially for a vegetarian. Breakfast, snack or main course – the menu is incomplete without potato dishes.
High in carbohydrates, it’s not too good for your waistline though. Have you heard this Hindi saying – “aaloo khayega, aaloo ho jayega”? (If you eat potato, you will become like potato). So, it’s recommended for breakfast when you need lots of energy for the day. Also on the days when indulgence is on your menu.
Aaloo Parantha/ Potato stuffed Indian Bread
Preparation: 10 mins| Cooking 30 mins| Makes 6-8
Ingredients
250gms wholewheat flour + ~50gms for dusting
3 medium sized potatoes
1-2 green chillies, chopped (optional)
½ cup fresh coriander leaves, chopped
1 tsp coriander powder
¼ tsp red chilli powder
1 tsp chaat masala
1 tsp ajwain (carom) seeds
Salt to taste
Method
Boil/Pressure cook potatoes in water until soft.
Remove from water and keep aside on a plate to cool down. Removing them from hot water would let the water on the potatoes evaporate quickly while they cool.
In a deep plate or bowl, mix together flour, carom seeds (ajwain) and some salt. (Keep about 50 gms flour dry as you would need it for rolling out the parantha/ bread)
Knead into a medium soft dough using warm water.
Keep the dough covered with a damp cloth/ tea-towel while you prepare the stuffing.
Peel the potatoes and mash them with your fists. You want them to break down into small pieces but not as mashed as mashed potatoes.
Add to the potatoes, chopped chillies, coriander leaves and all spices (except carom seeds). Mix well. I simply use my hand, but you can also use a fork.
Now divide the dough into 6-8 balls
Roll out a ball into an approximate 4 inch diameter circle. Put a spoonful of potato stuffing in the middle. Bringing the edges towards the centre of the circle, close the ball and seal it tight.
Dust the, now, stuffed, dough ball with a little dry flour and roll out into an approximate 6 inch diameter circle. You would need to dust more dry flour in between while rolling.
Heat a flat non-stick pan or a tava. Sprinkle a little oil. Put the rolled parantha onto the hot pan and cook on both sides, using a little oil/ ghee until it becomes golden brown.
Repeat for the remaining dough and stuffing.
Serve hot with plain raita (plain yoghurt seasoned with a pinch each of salt, roasted cumin powder and red chilli powder) and pickle.

Saif Ali Khan: I am doing good films now  even if they dont earn Rs 100 crorePrint
"I am aiming for commercial success but with a nice movie. I will do good movies. The films that I have picked up now are all going to be good films even if they are not Rs. 100 crore films,” he added. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 21, 2014 3:29 pm
He’s an actor-producer and has also crooned for his film “ Happy Ending ”. But the one thing Saif Ali Khan shies away from is helming as he feels “directors work too hard and don’t get paid well”.
“Well my reason is not politically correct… But I believe they (directors) work too hard and don’t get paid enough and this is the truth. Director is the first man in and the last man out. It’s his baby, but the star makes all the money. I don’t think it is fair,” Saif Ali Khan told IANS in an interview.
At a time when most of the movies are minting good business at the box office, the 44-year old actor firmly puts script over box office success. “I will pick script. I was not paid for ‘Go Goa Gone’ and I think my heart was in the right place because I loved the movie. But then another truth is that ‘life is not free’ so success is also important,” said the actor.
“I am aiming for commercial success but with a nice movie. I will do good movies. The films that I have picked up now are all going to be good films even if they are not Rs. 100 crore films,” he added.
The actor, who was in the capital to promote his film “Happy Ending”, was earlier seen in movies including “Humshakals” and “Bullett Raja”. Both the films failed to create ripples at the box-office and Saif says it’s time for him to reinvent.
“I think it’s time for me to reinvent. I took it easy and experimented something new. But now I can feel the hunger again. I think ‘Parineeta’ was beautiful. Now I am thinking of making a Rabindranath Tagore’s story,” he said.
“I am a good actor and I think I can do period well,” the actor added.
The actor also feels that the audience expects their stars to act in a particular manner and that is why films are made around it.
“It is a kind of a trap. But I think they (audience) will be disappointed if they see Salman Khan doing a movie like ‘The Lunchbox’,” the actor said.
Saif will be next seen in Kabir Khan’s film “Phantom” with Katrina Kaif.

social media reaction© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/91de9f44-3f31-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nothing but the toothUpdated: November 19, 2014 18:30 IST
Nothing but the tooth
Anjana Ali Khan on the sets of 'Pal'aandu Vaazhga
A still from 'Pal'aandu Vaazhga
TOPICS
celebrity
Director Anjana Ali Khan of Veppam is back with a romcom, ‘Pal’aandu Vaazhga
She made her debut with Veppam, produced by her mentor Gautham Vasudev Menon. Even with that first film, Anjana Ali Khan showed that she was no pushover. She did not stick to what is considered a safe subject for a woman director, and chose a film that was a cocktail of romance, action and deadly thrills.
Now, three years after that film, she’s back directing a romcom, about a dentist falling in love. The film, made by Emersiigns Productions, is titled ‘Pal’aandu Vaazhga, and stars Rahul Ravindran and Wasna Ahmed in the lead. Rahul is a familiar face in Tamil, having made his debut with Moscowin Kaveri. Wasna, who used to work in Hindi serials, entered the Tamil film industry with Kadhal Solla Aasai. Anjana has also put in place a strong support cast — there’s Poornima Bhagyaraj, Devadarshini, Prem Kumar and Vinodhini.
Anjana has been chiselling the story into shape from her home in Qatar, where her husband and children live. “I’m very happy I got a great cast. We have a lovely time shooting; there’s a nice chemistry on the sets,” she says.
The film is to be primarily shot in Chennai, and she has a strong technical team too. Cinematography is by Jim Ganesh of Jilla fame and music is by Satish Chakravarthy, whose scores for Leelai and Kanimozhi came in for acclaim. Music is a vital part of Anjana’s films — Veppam had some eminently hummable numbers — and this one is no different, says the director. “Music has a huge role in this film too, as it is based on romance,” she says.
Even though her script was locked, on the sets, Anjana sat down with her actors and worked out the character graph. The result, she says “is superb”. “They bring in so much to each shot.”
Anjana signed Rahul after watching the Telugu Andala Rakshasi. “He is extremely expressive and charming on screen. The role needed someone like that. Also, since he’s basically a Tamil boy, language would not pose a problem.”
Did the three-year gap between films bother her? “Not really. I’ve not been idle. I’ve been doing ad films, I’ve been writing…”
'Pal'aandu Vaazhga is slated to be a quickie, says Anjana. “Depending on the availability of dates, I’d like to finish it fast,” she says.

Android Lollipop user review: I think I ve made a terrible mistakePrint
This is what Android Lollipop update means to a layman.
Written by Rajkrishnan Menon | New Delhi | Posted: November 19, 2014 7:42 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 11:12 am
‘Android 5 System Update': I wasn’t among the many who were eagerly waiting for this message to pop up, and when it did, I lazily said, ‘Later’. But it did not take no for an answer, it persisted. And I downloaded. The whole process took only a little over five minutes.
When my Nexus 5 rebooted, for a moment I thought it had morphed into a Nexus 6: The icons were different, the lock screen was different, the gallery app was gone. Even the fonts had changed. ‘Material design’, I am told.
But I think I’ve made a terrible mistake: Now I have to get used to my phone all over again. For instance, I have to tap twice to open an app or an email. As a first-time Android/Touch phone user, I had barely got used to the one-touch trick. And I haven’t yet figured out how to get rid of the ‘BBM: Connected’ icon from the lock screen.
That’s right. Although I rarely use it, I still have BBM on my phone as a relic from, and a reminder of, a turbulent, not so distant past when my so-called smart phone, a BB, depended on me to stay sorted and alive when it should have been the other way round.
Anyway, I am even finding it slightly difficult to scroll the apps: I am convinced there is a lag. But I also noticed that the lockscreen tells me things like “12 minutes until full” when the phone is charging. Hmm.
Android ‘L’. Looks lighter, trimmer. I also found out about the Flashlight problems (But I guess that has more to do with Nexus) and how it is tough to ‘silence’ your phone totally with this OS. But maybe I’ll learn to like it.
Ok, so I wanted to Google something, and opened Chrome. All I wanted was one tab: For a simple, routine Google search. Whoa! Many of my recent tabs were floating around: Office mail, the Express epaper tab, my Twitter page…I started getting rid of them, stopping after six or seven tabs to think, “Oh God! This is never-ending.
Am I deleting my bookmarks, too?!” No. As it happened, I was only swiping away my recent tabs. It was like I had opened Chrome on my laptop.
I realise these guys meant business when they said, “We’d like to change the way you use smartphones and the web.”
Mission Lollipop has begun.
Written by Rajkrishnan Menon.
A technically sound full review of the Android Lollipop will follow soon.
Meanwhile, please share your Lollipop experience in the comment section below.

The limits of mansplaining immigrationReddit
It often seems that there are only two types of voices in the debate on immigration. One rails against all immigrants and how they hurt the economy and the British way of life, whatever that may be. The other, in effect, mansplains , by persistently and condescendingly asserting facts about the benefits of immigration to the UK.
This leaves a large moderate majority of the country without a voice, according to an important new research report by British Future, a think tank dedicated to better understand of how immigration affects the country. Sixty-one per cent of people it polled have a mixed, moderate view of immigration; only about a third of Britons are absolutists. (The remaining share presumably say they don’t have an opinion.)
The seven per cent in the chart above includes the mansplainers – those who revel in the latest research extolling the virtues of open borders. Perhaps I’m one of them.
It’s unclear whether this is persuading anyone, British Future finds. There is strong econometric evidence that since 2000, immigrants – especially EU immigrants – are net contributors to the UK public finances. Many reports and blog posts and columns have been written about this fact. But most people don’t accept all the mansplaining.
I don’t think the implication of this finding is that we should stop writing about the real impact of immigration. The truth matters. I want to dispel the myths of those who distort academic studies or publish tendentious research masquerading as analysis – even if this only influences what British Future calls “elite” opinion.
Nevertheless, the finding is a timely reminder that we all interpret new facts through the prism of what we already believe. I should know that from reporting and from conversations with my grandparents about migration. There is research from the US suggesting that facts alone can calcify debate: they can push people further to the poles of opinion, depending on whether they affirm or undermine pre-existing views.
An alternative to mansplaining is to appeal to values and to tell stories rather than list data. This is the implication for research into the field of moral psychology. Ardent liberals can still make their case but it should be a more persuasive one.
This will be difficult. Labour, Conservative and Liberal Democrat politicians have all tried to combine facts about immigration with sotto voce understanding. But their efforts haven’t managed to weaken the appeal of the United Kingdom Independence party or knock immigration off the top of the list of issues Britsons care about.
Why they have failed is apparent in the British Future report. It gives the following advice to politicians when talking about immigration:
[Remember that] we are allowed to talk about immigration;
Engage anxiety with constructive responses;
Don’t be afraid to disagree;
Be authentic; and
Keep your promises.
I don’t think the failure of mainstream politicians to assuage an “anxious middle” is down to their unwillingness to talk about immigration. But politicians do have a problem with keeping their promises on immigration (think of Labour’s forecasts of EU immigration and the Conservatives’ failure to meet their net migration target). They also have a big authenticity problem: incremental toughness makes them look like they are trying to out-Ukip Ukip rather than argue for what they believe. What is more, many politicians (with the honourable exception of Nick Clegg) seem afraid of confidently disagreeing with Ukip. They are in a fight they’re not going to win.
This is the ironic result. My favourite chart from the British Future report is this one, which shows whom Britons trust when they talk about immigration. Party leaders? No, not even Nigel Farage. They are more likely to trust … migrants.

Philae lander sniffed organic molecules on cometPhilae lander ‘sniffed’ organic molecules on comet
Mark Odell and agencies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f9e63d6c-6f57-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BSE Sensex up 230 pts to hit yet another record; NSE Nifty at fresh highThe 50-scrip NSE Nifty went up by 75.45 points, or 0.90 per cent, to close at fresh high of 8,477.35. (Reuters)
By: PTI | Mumbai | Posted: November 21, 2014 11:49 am | Updated: November 21, 2014 4:44 pm
Indian stocks today notched up their best gain in three weeks with benchmark Sensex surging 267 points and Nifty jumping by 75.45 points to hit new highs powered by a spurt in shares of lenders after Kotak Mahindra-ING Vysya announced India’s biggest banking merger.
The mood was positive across global markets after US shares provided another record-breaking lead yesterday.
Expectations that government will come out with more reforms in Winter session of Parliament also influenced sentiments, brokers said, adding that speedy cabinet approvals for development of infrastructure gave a boost.
The local currency also scripted a pull-back after plunging to 9-month low of 62.25 against US dollar yesterday. Rupee was last trading at 61.78 levels.
Besides banking sector, capital goods, consumer durables, oil & gas, FMCG, auto, realty and power stocks helped the BSE index settle at 28,334.63 — a new record at closing — gaining 267.07 points, or 0.95 per cent. Its previous record closing high was 28,177.88 reached on November 17.
Intra-day, it touched a new lifetime high of 28,360.66, bettering its previous record of 28,294.01 hit on November 19.
Heavyweights such as RIL, Hindalco, Cipla, BHEL, Hero Motocorp, ITC Ltd and L&T provided solid support.
The 50-scrip NSE Nifty went up by 75.45 points, or 0.90 per cent, to close at fresh high of 8,477.35, beating its earlier record high of 8,430.75 hit on November 17.
The index also touched lifetime high of 8,489.80, surpassing its previous record of 8,455.65 on November 19.
Kotak Mahindra Bank yesterday evening announced the buyout of ING Vysya Bank in an all-stock deal valued at Rs 15,000 crore, which is likely to set off consolidation moves.
Shares of Kotak Bank continued their rally, surging by 3.68 percent. ING Vysya counter ended 2 percent up. Other prominent gainers were Axis Bank, SBI, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank. They gained in 1-3 percent band.Yes Bank rose 4 percent.
Smaller peers, like City Union Bank, DCB, Dhanlaxmi Bank, Federal Bank and Karnataka Bank, logged 2-5 per cent gains.
Sectorally, the BSE Bankex rose 2.37 per cent, the best among peers. It was followed by the Capital Goods that rose 1.32 per cent, FMCG index 0.90 per cent, Consumer Durables 0.84 per cent and Oil & Gas index 0.86 per cent.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth a net Rs 477.15 crore yesterday, according to exchanges.

Kishore Biyani s Future Group acquires Nilgiris supermarket chainInfosys tanks as founders sell $1-bn stake
Future Consumer Enterprise Ltd, part of Kishore Biyani’s Future Group, today announced the acquisition of south India-based supermarket chain Nilgiris for an undisclosed sum.
“Future Consumer Enterprise Ltd ((FCEL) today completed the acquisition of the Nilgiris convenience store chain in the southern states of Kerala, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu,” the company said in a statement.
Commenting on the acquisition, Future Group CEO Kishore Biyani said, “FCEL’s acquisition of Nilgiris, a leading food and grocery convenience store chain in South India having a unique portfolio of food brands supported by its own manufacturing facilities for dairy and bakery, is another step towards building a robust convenience store network in India.”
He further said: “This acquisition is synergistic as it enables strengthening and expanding convenience stores through franchises in an asset light model as well as brings in new manufacturing capabilities and brands within the company.”
Nilgiris operates a franchisee-operated convenience store chain with 140 outlets in key urban centres in the four southern states and it also owns a portfolio of brands in dairy, bakery, chocolates and staples along with their manufacturing facilities in Bangalore, the statement said.
A select product range of the brand is also retailed through general trade along with in-store bakeries in few stores.
The company manages the back-end operations including procurement, logistics and IT for the stores and operates 8 distribution centres along with a fleet of vehicles, including refrigerated ones that cater to the supply of its own dairy, bakery and chocolate brands to its outlets.
This acquisition by FCEL will lead to geographical expansion of the convenience store network in southern India, as presently its existing footprint is primarily concentrated in north and west India, the company said.
Nilgiris’ branded bakery and dairy products will also be channelised across Future Group’s existing channels including Big Bazaar, Foodhall and Aadhaar and also extended to other modern retailers, the statement added.
Similarly, the FCEL’s existing portfolio of brands including Sunkist, Tasty Treat, Golden Harvest, Premium Harvest, Sach Ektaa, CleanMate and CareMate will be chanellised through Niligiris store network.
Additionally, Nilgiris’ expertise in running a successful franchisee network will be leveraged to expand the existing footprint of convenience stores via a franchisee model.
TAGS: Future Group Kishore Biyani
More from companies
CCI clears Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy Laboratorie merger, subject to divesting seven brands The Competition Commission of India cleared the $3.2-billion Sun Pharmaceutical Industries’ purchase of Ranbaxy Laboratories on the condition that the companies divest seven brands of medicines within six months. In each of the seven drugs, the regulator said, the proposed merger was likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market […]

Vettel enters stable  drives Alonso outSebastian Vettel's switch from Red Bull for next season was announced minutes after Fernando Alonso's departure was confirmed (Source: Reuters)
By: Reuters | Abu Dhabi | Posted: November 21, 2014 3:43 am | Updated: November 21, 2014 11:19 am
Sebastian Vettel looked forward to following in Michael Schumacher’s Formula One footsteps after Ferrari confirmed on Thursday that the four times world champion would replace Fernando Alonso next season on a three-year deal.
The long-awaited news, an open secret since the German announced in October that he was leaving Red Bull, formally ended a five-year love affair with double world champion Alonso that frustrated both sides.
Vettel will partner Finland’s 2007 world champion Kimi Raikkonen, who has a year remaining on his contract. “The next stage of my Formula One career will be spent with Scuderia Ferrari and for me that means the dream of a lifetime has come true,” said Vettel.
“When I was a kid, Michael Schumacher in the red car was my greatest idol and now it’s an incredible honour to finally get the chance to drive a Ferrari,” added the 27-year-old, who took his first Formula One win in a Ferrari-powered Toro Rosso at Monza in 2008.
Compatriot Schumacher won five of his seven titles with Ferrari. “The Scuderia has a great tradition in this sport and I am extremely motivated to help the team get back to the top. I will put my heart and soul into making it happen,” said Vettel.
Alonso is expected to return to McLaren, the team he spent a torrid season with in 2007 before falling out with current overall head Ron Dennis. Ferrari announced the news in two separate statements, the first declaring their relationship with Alonso to be over and the second welcoming the sport’s youngest multiple champion.
Alonso, who won his titles with Renault in 2005 and 2006, had his hopes of taking a third championship with Ferrari repeatedly thwarted by Vettel and his own team’s lack of performance. The Spaniard leaves after a partnership that brought him 11 wins and 44 podiums. He came closest to the title in 2010, when he went into the final race as favourite only for a team strategy error to gift the title to Vettel. The German then began a run of four championships in a row. Alonso was runner-up in 2012 and 2013 but Ferrari have not won a race since the Spaniard was triumphant in Barcelona in May last year and are staring at their first season without a victory since 1993.
“Today is not an easy one for me, because even if I always look to the future with great enthusiasm and determination, at the end of this season my journey as a Ferrari driver will come to an end,” he said. “It was a difficult decision to take, but a carefully considered one and from start to finish, my love for Ferrari was a prime consideration. I have always been lucky enough to continued…

Sensex  Nifty at fresh highs on banking stocksMARKET UPDATE: Sensex, Nifty hit fresh peaks on Kotak-ING deal
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 21, 2014  | 16:54 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Indian stocks on Friday notched up their best gain in three weeks with benchmark Sensex surging 267 points and Nifty jumping by 75.45 points to hit new highs powered by a spurt in shares of lenders after Kotak Mahindra-ING Vysya announced India's biggest banking merger .
The mood was positive across global markets after US shares provided another record-breaking lead on Thursday. Expectations that government will come out with more reforms in Winter Session of Parliament also influenced sentiments, brokers said, adding that speedy Cabinet approvals for development of infrastructure gave a boost.
The local currency also scripted a pullback after plunging to a 9-month low of 62.25 against US dollar on Thursday.
Rupee was last trading at 61.78 levels. Besides banking sector, capital goods, consumer durables, oil & gas, FMCG, auto, realty and power stocks helped the BSE index settle at 28,334.63-a new record at closing-gaining 267.07 points, or 0.95 per cent.
Its previous record closing high was 28,177.88 reached on November 17. Intra-day, it touched a new lifetime high of 28,360.66, bettering its previous record of 28,294.01 hit on November 19.
Heavyweights such as RIL, Hindalco, Cipla, BHEL, Hero Motocorp, ITC Ltd and L&T provided solid support. The 50-scrip NSE Nifty went up by 75.45 points, or 0.90 per cent, to close at fresh high of 8,477.35, beating its earlier record high of 8,430.75 hit on November 17.
The index also touched lifetime high of 8,489.80, surpassing its previous record of 8,455.65 on November 19. Kotak Mahindra Bank on Thursday evening announced the buyout of ING Vysya Bank in an all-stock deal valued at Rs 15,000 crore, which is likely to set off consolidation moves.
Shares of Kotak Bank continued their rally, surging by 3.68 percent. ING Vysya counter ended 2 percent up.
Other prominent gainers were Axis Bank, SBI, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank. They gained in 1-3 percent band.Yes Bank rose 4 percent.
Smaller peers, like City Union Bank, DCB, Dhanlaxmi Bank, Federal Bank and Karnataka Bank, logged 2-5 per cent gains. Sectorally, the BSE Bankex rose 2.37 per cent, the best among peers. It was followed by the Capital Goods that rose 1.32 per cent, FMCG index 0.90 per cent, Consumer Durables 0.84 per cent and Oil & Gas index 0.86 per cent. Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth a net Rs 477.15 crore on Thursday, according to exchanges.

Armed with investment from Ratan Tata  Urban Ladder  acqui-hires  BuynBrag  to expand home decor bizInfosys tanks as founders sell $1-bn stake
Online home furnishing firm Urban Ladder today said it has “acqui-hired” a team of city-based BuynBrag as it looks to expand the home decor range.
Prithvi Raj Tejavath, co-founder of BuynBrag, along with some other members of his team will move to Bangalore, where Urban Ladder is headquartered.
Urban Ladder has over 150 employees of its own.
Tejavath will also lead the home decor business for Urban Ladder as Vice President of the segment.
“While we will continue to provide our customers with best in class furniture, we feel now is the right time to add a wider home decor range to our catalogue,” Urban Ladder CEO and co-founder Ashish Goel said.
BuynBrag was launched in 2012 and is known for its contemporary design and extensive decor and furnishings range.
“My team from BuynBrag and I look forward to contribute our expertise in the home decor segment for Urban Ladder. The amalgamation of the teams will lead to producing the best in the home decor space in times to come,” Tejavath said.
Launched in July 2012, Urban Ladder was co-founded by Ashish Goel and Rajiv Srivatsa. It offers over 1,000 products across 25 categories in furniture such as wardrobes, beds, sofas, dining tables and coffee tables.
The firm aims to be the biggest furniture seller in India in the next 18 months.
Last week, Tata Group’s Chairman Emeritus Ratan Tata had invested in Urban Ladder, his second personal investment in an e-commerce firm after Snapdeal. Previously, Urban Ladder had raised ‘Series B funding’ from Steadview Capital and existing investors SAIF Partners and Kalaari Capital.
TAGS: Ecommerce Ratan Tata Urban Ladder
More from companies
CCI clears Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy Laboratorie merger, subject to divesting seven brands The Competition Commission of India cleared the $3.2-billion Sun Pharmaceutical Industries’ purchase of Ranbaxy Laboratories on the condition that the companies divest seven brands of medicines within six months. In each of the seven drugs, the regulator said, the proposed merger was likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market […]

Swedish court rejects Assange appeal to revoke arrest warrantUpdated: November 20, 2014 19:06 IST
Swedish court rejects Assange appeal to revoke arrest warrant
Reuters
A file photo of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange.
TOPICS
espionage and intelligence
A Swedish appeals court rejected on Thursday an appeal by WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange to revoke a detention order issued by prosecutors in 2010 over allegations of sexual assault.
"In the view of the Court of Appeal there is no reason to set aside the detention solely because Julian Assange is in an Embassy and the detention order cannot be enforced at present for that reason," Svea Court of Appeal said in a statement.
Mr. Assange has been stuck inside Ecuador's London Embassy since June 2012 to avoid a British extradition to Sweden. Sweden wants to question him on allegations of sexual assault and rape, which he denies.
The Australian says he fears that if Britain extradited him to Sweden he would then be extradited to the United States where he could be tried for one of the largest information leaks in U.S. history.

Free Jharkhand from dynastic rule to end corruption:ModiPrint
Modi said development was the only solution for the growth of Jharkhand and urged people to give him a "chance to serve them". (Photo: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Daltonganj | Posted: November 21, 2014 3:40 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 7:38 pm
Kicking off BJP’s poll campaign in Jharkhand, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday launched an attack on the state government over the issue of development and asked the people to free the state from dynastic rule to end corruption. “If you want Jharkhand to move on the path of development then free Jharkhand from pariwarwad (dynastic rule),” he said. In an apparent reference to JMM supremo Shibu Soren and his Chief Minister son Hemant Soren, Modi said, “If you don’t free Jharkhand from the dynastic rule, then their houses and family would get rich while the people will not benefit (from anything)”.
“If you want Jharkhand to progress, want employment for youth and take the state to prosperity, you have to put an end to dynastic politics, the politics of father-son, brother-nephew and relatives,” he told an election rally in Daltonganj. “The state has been looted and there is corruption here. How much have they looted the state, but there is no shame,” Modi said, without naming anyone. He said development was the only solution for the growth of Jharkhand and urged people to give him a “chance to serve them”.
Speaking about his recent visit to Australia, the Prime Minister said Jharkhand and the continent-nation have a lot of similarities with regard to their natural resources and population, while the former remained poor, the latter has grown. “There are five rivers in the states, but farmers are languishing without water for their lands and villages are struggling for drinking water. The state is rich in terms of the natural resources, but its farmers are poor,” he said and added that steps would be taken to interlink rivers for the welfare for the agrarians.
Taking a jibe at the JMM-led government, Modi said, the state government was allegedly scared of the visit of central ministers as it would expose the faults. “They said they would not allow entry of any minister from Delhi. Even when I was (Chief Minister) in Gujarat, Delhi used to hurt us. But we did not do anything of that sort. But they know if any minister from Modi government comes, then they would unfold their corruption,” he said. He was referring to JMM publicly announcing in August that it would not allow any central minister to enter Jharkhand after the Chief Minister was hooted by the people in the presence of Modi at a function in Ranchi.
The JMM activists waved black flags at the convoy of two central ministers thereafter. Criticising attempts to attack vehicles or intimidate ministers, Modi said people have the power to “demolish arrogance” in a democracy. Reaching out to the tribals, the Prime Minister continued…

6 things to do in the D.C. area on the weekend of Nov. 21-23By Going Out Guide staff November 20
The weekend’s best in nightlife, music and art. For even more, check out Nightlife Agenda .
Put down your pumpkin beer. The DC Craft Beer Festival is pouring keg after keg of brisk winter beers.  (REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett)
Saturday: Sample 150 offerings from 75 breweries at the DC Craft Beer Festival , which turns its focus to brisk winter beers. The event also includes beer-focused seminars exploring different facets of the beverage’s origins and a craft beer concierge to answer questions about the eclectic selection. Tickets include unlimited two-ounce tastings from 2 to 4:30 p.m. or 7 to 9:30 p.m. The event, at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center, is $49-$65. Get tickets here .
Saturday: W. Kamau Bell's FX show, “Totally Biased with W. Kamau Bell,” may have been axed too soon, but the comedian continues his ascent. Acclaimed for his insightful political humor and social commentary, Bell, who has been named an Ambassador of Racial Justice by the American Civil Liberties Union, is bringing his “Oh, Everything!” tour to the District's Sixth & I Historic Synagogue. Tickets are $20 .
Saturday:  The State Theatre is known for its perennially sold-out concerts with the immersive '80s cover band the Legwarmers. This Saturday, the club is turning the clock forward, welcoming New York City's Bayside Tigers , the house band at the weekly Saved by the '90s party at (le) Poisson Rouge. Get ready to rock to Harvey Danger, the Barenaked Ladies, Blink 182 and the Spin Doctors. Ironic Union Jack dresses are optional. Tickets cost $12 in advance and $15 at the door.
Saturday:  Icelandic hot dogs (really: hot dogs are a popular dish in Iceland ) are a big draw at the Icelandic Association of Washington's annual Icelandic Christmas Bazaar , along with hearty, heavyweight woolen sweaters, jewelry and linens. For Icelandic expats, this is the perfect chance to stock up on sodas such as Appelsin or chocolate Freyju Hrís candy. The cafe sells open-faced sandwiches and crepes, while coffee and hot chocolate are free  -- as is admission -- at this event from 11 a.m.-3 p.m. at the American Legion Post 177 in Fairfax.
Sunday: Comedian Wyatt Cenac , a former correspondent for “The Daily Show,” is bringing “Brooklyn” to the Black Cat. Cenac recently directed the comedy special for Netflix and released the set on limited-edition vinyl. (It doesn’t get more Brooklyn than that.) Throughout the show, he examines various aspects of life in New York, while finding ways to delve into more personal material. Also: There will be puppets.
Through Jan. 11: The beloved 1956 novel by Dodie Smith and Disney classic "101 Dalmations,"   becomes live-action entertainment for the kids at Imagination Stage, which sets out to tell the tale of  two pups who set out to rescue their large litter from the evil Cruella De Vil.  Tickets are $10-$30.

Fairfax County bond sale to pay for Silver Line parking garagesBy Lori Aratani November 20 Follow @loriara
A shot of the interior of the Wiehle-Reston East parking garage, currently the final stop on the Silver Line. (Robert Thomson/The Washington Post)
The Fairfax County Board of Supervisors this month cleared the way for the possible sale of $155 million in bonds to help pay for parking garages at two Silver Line stations to be built as part of the rail line’s second phase.
Fairfax officials agreed to build the garages as part of an agreement brokered by former U.S. transportation secretary Ray LaHood that reduced the cost of the $5.6 billion Silver Line’s second phase. As part of the deal, Fairfax and Loudoun counties agreed to find private partners to help pay for five parking garages — two in Fairfax and three in Loudoun. The garage at Wiehle-Reston East Metro station, currently last stop on the Silver Line, was built through a private-public partnership.
Under the plan approved by the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, the county’s Economic Development Authority would issue revenue bonds, the proceeds of which would be loaned to the county. The county would repay the bonds with money generated from parking fees.
Fairfax officials said the Herndon garage will cost roughly $58 million and the Innovation Center garage, $57 million.  Officials estimate they will receive $10 million a year in parking revenue, which also would pay for upkeep at the garages.
“I am pleased that Fairfax County will own and operate these garages and collect revenue from parking,” Board Chairwoman Sharon Bulova (D) said in a news release. “This financing structure reduces the overall cost of Phase II of the Silver Line by using parking fees, instead of general fund tax dollars.”
Under its agreement with Metro, the county will set the fees charged at the three county-owned Silver Line garages: Wiehle-Reston East, Herndon and Innovation. Under a program established in the 1980s, Metro transfers a portion of the parking revenue it collects from garages in Fairfax, plus the East Falls Church and Van Dorn station garages, to the county.
 
Lori Aratani writes about how people live, work and play in the D.C. region for The Post’s Transportation and Development team.

Paying for  Likes  and retweets a pyramid schemeSocial media's big scam
Thursday, 20 Nov 2014 | 11:22  AM ET
Is paying for "Likes" and retweets social media's version of a pyramid scheme? Nick Bilton of The New York Times, discusses how people are making money creating and selling "bots."
SHARES

Sensex  Nifty at record closing highThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

ICICI Bank not to hire aggressively  skips attrition replacementThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Futures Consumer acquires Nilgiri retail store chainThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India  U.S. Hold Meeting Of High-Tech Working GroupThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SC pulls up Ranjit Sinha for calling a CBI officer  moleThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

JM Financial receives capital investment in its real estate arm  FICSThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

New Immigration Plan to Protect 4.7m Immigrants in US; Will Benefit Many IndiansThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

France tempers Iran nuclear stance in nod to wider diplomatic needsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

UPDATE 1-NSA chief warns Chinese cyber attacks could shut U.S. infrastructureThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

People have doubts that it may not delist due to new regulations but f...Platinum Member
445 Followers
greetings venky: (1)FLOOR PRICE is only regulatory price wherein indicative price is non regulatory ,non binding and just an optional indication to attract participation in d listing process specially in non frequently traded shares where as per sebi rules floor price arrive too low compare to market price.
promoters have full right to reject any price above floor price in a successful book built.
(2) in a listed company even if promoters are cash rich ,they can not invest even a single rupee more at 75% holding.if the company is not doing well in recent times due to cash crunch ,promoters can not infuse funds but need to depend on loans etc.there are many inherent advantages of being a private company like no investor relation regulatory clutches,no time consuming and uncertain  regulatory approval of shareholders sometimes even for normal routine activities .If an MNC wants to take its subsidiary private, it is keeping in mind many advantages. It can manage growth much more efficiently without worrying about minority investors` interest, apart from having to disclose minimum information about its operations in the country.
In the 1970s, the Foreign Exchange Regulation Act (FERA) capped foreign direct investment at 40 per cent, which meant MNCs had to raise the remainder from the Indian public. The majority complied, though a few led by Coca Cola and IBM, preferred to close down their Indian operations. mr.Nandy of  Thomas Cook once said  his company would never have listed had it not been for the FERA  restrictions. Once the cap on foreign holding was lifted following liberalisation in the early 1990s, a number of foreign companies such as Cadbury India, Carrier India and Otis India, increased their parents` holding by buying out other shareholders, and delisted. IBM and Coca Cola returned only after the earlier conditions were relaxed.
In reply to : venkysmv85 message
1.58 PM Nov 24th

Crude bole boom boom crude main lage gi aag.................... aag bo...Platinum Member
914 Followers
Reposted about 11 days 9 hrs 51 min 11 sec ago by SURER  STAR  ««CANDLE »» and 1 others
Crude Bole Boom Boom Crude main Lage gi Aag.................... Aag Bole To Boom Boom........Neal Bhai.

Action Construction EquipmentCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

As it is consolidating and taking support around 40/41  it will make s...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Titus Naikuni appointed Airtel Kenyas board ChairmanTitus Naikuni appointed Airtel Kenya’s board Chairman
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 21:  
Bharti Airtel today appointed Titus Naikuni, who has a wide range of experience across a number of sectors, as the Chairman of Airtel Kenya’s board of directors.
“We are pleased to have Naikuni on the board. His wealth of experience will add immense value to the board and provide strategic guidance to our operations in Kenya, to enable Airtel gain an important place in the telecom sector in the country,” Airtel Africa CEO Christian de Faria said in a statement.
He is currently a board member of Maersk Kenya Ltd, Access Kenya Ltd, East Africa Portland Cement Company, Precision Air Tanzania, deputy Chairman of Magadi Soda Company Ltd, a member of the Lafarge International Advisory Board and Chancellor South Eastern Kenya University.
Naikuni joined the Magadi Soda Company (now Tata Chemicals Magadi Ltd) in 1979 and rose to the position of Managing Director in 1995.
Between August 1999 and March 2001 Naikuni was member of a World Bank team that sponsored Kenyan technocrats, known as the ‘Dream Team’, who were engaged to turn around the Kenyan economy.
He returned to Magadi Soda Company in April 2001, where he continued to serve as the Managing Director, a position he held up to his appointment with Kenya Airways in February 2003.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

CBIs Additional Director R K Dutta to head 2G caseCBI’s Additional Director R K Dutta to head 2G case
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 21:  
Additional-Director R K Dutta will now head the CBI probe in the 2G spectrum scam after the Supreme Court directed the agency chief Ranjit Sinha to recuse from the investigation.
A 1981-batch IPS officer from the Karnataka cadre, Rupak Kumar Dutta is the overall in-charge of the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) of the agency which is probing the 2G cases.
CBI sources said initially it was not clear whether Special Director Anil Sinha, who is the number two after the Director will oversee the probe, or Dutta who is in-charge of ACB, will lead the investigation.
They said it was decided that according to the Supreme Court order, the person heading the investigation team should be put in charge of the 2G cases.
Due to retire at the end of this month, Sinha yesterday suffered a major blow when the apex court removed him from the 2G probe, saying the allegations against him of protecting some accused appear to be “prima facie credible”.
The court had handed over the case to the senior-most officer after Sinha in the investigating team probing the spectrum scam.
A bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu, however, had refused to pass an elaborate order on the issue, saying that it would “tarnish” the “image and reputation” of the premier agency.
The court’s directives had come while hearing the plea of senior lawyer Prashant Bhushan, who demanded his ouster for allegedly influencing the trial in the case.
Bhushan had alleged Sinha wrote to the then Special Public Prosecutor U U Lalit points which could have tilted the trial in favour of one of the accused. Lalit had trashed the suggestions.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

US data  Draghi stimulus hints lift world sharesUS data, Draghi stimulus hints lift world shares
Reuters
Tweet
London, Nov 21:  
World shares headed for a second week of gains on Friday after more reassuring US data, while the yen pulled out of its dive as Japan’s finance minister warned its recent weakening had been “too rapid’’.
Euro zone stocks were set for their first weekly gain this month after an early rise, with traders spurred on by signals from Mario Draghi that the European Central Bank is becoming increasingly agitated by the bloc’s feeble growth and inflation.
ECB stimulus hopes
The region’s markets have been lagging those of the United States, Japan and faster-growing Britain over last month, but a ramping up of ECB rhetoric this week has stoked hopes that the bank will take more aggressive measures.
“We will continue to meet our responsibility — we will do what we must to raise inflation and inflation expectations as fast as possible,’’ Draghi said in a speech.
“If on its current trajectory our policy is not effective enough to achieve this ... we would step up the pressure and broaden even more the channels through which we intervene.’’
The comments pushed 10-year Italian government bond yields, which have been one of the biggest beneficiaries since Draghi took charge of the ECB in 2011, to a new all-time low, and shoved the euro back below $1.25 to $1.2470.
European stocks
Germany’s DAX, France’s CAC and pan-regional Euro STOXX 50 were all up between 0.8 and 1 per cent by 0915 GMT, leaving them on course for weekly gains of 3 per cent, 1.3 per cent and 2 per cent, respectively.
Japan, the other major economy trying to aggressively stimulate its economy and inflation, remained in focus, as the yen rose sharply from this week’s seven-year low to the dollar.
Finance Minister Taro Aso said the currency’s fall over the past week was “too rapid’’, in one of the strongest warnings against a weak yen since Tokyo and the Bank of Japan started their aggressive monetary stimulus two years ago.
Asia-Pacific shares
Contrasting its All World benchmark, MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan ended the week down over 1 per cent as the Nikkei also saw its first weekly drop in five.
After weeks of speculation about a snap election, Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe dissolved the parliament’s lower house on Friday. Victory for him in the December 14 poll could pave the way for more drastic reforms and stimulus.
US economic data
Global investor sentiment was underpinned by record finishes by the Dow Jones industrial average and S&P 500 on Thursday after a spate of upbeat US data that offset signs of spreading weakness in China and Europe.
Initial US weekly jobless claims fell, factory activity in the US mid-Atlantic region grew at its fastest pace in two decades and the existing home sales strengthened.
HK, Chinese shares
Hong Kong and mainland Chinese shares also rebounded on Friday as prolonged profit-taking pressures finally eased in the first week of a landmark link between the Hong Kong and Shanghai exchanges.
“Investors are back to being reasonable,’’ said Shih Wenbien, stock strategist at Yunta Securities in Shanghai.
Commodities market
In the commodities market, there were also signs of stabilisation after weeks of turbulence.
Oil extended gains with US crude adding about 0.6 per cent to $76.33 a barrel and Brent lifting about 0.5 per cent to $79.69, on track to snap a straight eight-week slide.
Spot gold was slightly lower on the day at $1,193.40 an ounce, but still on track for its third straight weekly gain.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Jumbo deal: Alibaba raises $8bn without China premiumJumbo deal: Alibaba raises $8bn without China premium
PTI
Tweet
Singapore, Nov 21:  
Alibaba Group Holding sold the largest bond by an Asian company last night via a $8 billion six-tranche offering. The tight pricing achieved on the deal led many to believe the US-listed Chinese e-commerce giant got away without paying a Chinese premium.
"The pricing on Alibaba's bonds did not reflect a China risk premium in our view, and was priced more like a US credit, given the solid demand from the US investor base and hype around the IPO," said Raymond Lee, Sydney-based portfolio manager at Kapstream Capital, one of Australia's largest fixed-income managers.
Over the course of the 24-hour three-timezone bookbuilding, orders topped at US$57bn before settling at close to US$55bn. US investors anchored the trade by taking about three-quarters of the notes, two sources familiar with the transaction said. The company hasn't disclosed the distribution statistics.
"It is a defining trade not just for the sheer size, but the fact that it got priced against a peer group in a developed market," said a person familiar with the matter.
Alibaba bonds priced through some of the US blue chip tech giants such as Amazon and eBay. Its $1.5 billion 7-year tranche, priced at 115bp over Treasuries, came inside Amazon's 2022s, quoted at a G-spread of 116bp. Its US$2.25bn 10-year, priced at 128bp over, also easily pierced through eBay's interpolated curve.
"The company achieved the tight pricing as it was clear in positioning away from China," the person said.
In fact, Alibaba's three- and five-year tranches were priced 30bp-35bp tight to Chinese search engine giant Baidu Inc and 40bp-50bp inside the country's web portal and social media leader Tencent Holdings. Asian interest
China discount
Asian investors, whose orders exceeded $11 billion across the tranches, were allocated a mere 15%-20% of the notes, the two sources said.
Asian investors generally found Alibaba bonds expensive as they have many other Chinese credits that offer higher risk-adjusted premiums. According to a research note published by Nomura yesterday, Chinese credits typically pay a 20bp-50bp premium to their US peers due to the "China Discount" driven by the headline risk of the country and other technical factors.
"For the Asian credit market, the Alibaba bonds are rich although they were priced fair for the US. Alibaba is a US credit (as it's listed in the US and trades on US technicals) and unfortunately it will not provide the Asian market with a free-ride premium," said Owen Gallimore, Singapore-based head of credit strategy, Asia, for ANZ.
For those reasons, a number of Asian investors didn't play in Alibaba. Instead, they bought Tencent and Baidu as they believed the Alibaba curve would make them look cheap, a third person familiar with the trade said. As expected, the Alibaba deal repriced the Asian tech space as the curves for Tencent and Baidu have been tightening since Thursday afternoon.
Some funds also find better value in paper from similarly-rated Chinese state-owned enterprises.
"We prefer to allocate our Chinese exposure to opportunities with better relative value like China National Petroleum Corporation, a AA rated government owned SOE, which priced their three year bonds almost 40bp wider versus Alibaba," Lee said.
The wholly state-owned oil major in China, rated Aa3/AA-/A+, priced a US$500m three-year tranche at 107.5bp over Treasuries, compared to Alibaba's (A1/A+/A+) 70bp over.
Gallimore concurred: "Asian investors have more options to buy higher-yielding paper such as the state-owned oil names in China and proxy sovereign export-import bank."
The $8 billion deal, to repay a syndicated loan of the same size, was split into $1 billion 1.625% three-year fixed-rate notes at 70bp over Treasuries; a $300 million three-year floater at 52 bp over three-month Libor; $2.25 billion of 2.5 per cent five-year at 95bp over; $1.5 billion of 3.125 per cent seven-year at 115bp over; $2.25 billion 3.6% 10-year at 128bp over; and $700 million 4.5% 20-year at a spread of 148bp.
The 20-year was a clear outperformer in the secondary market, tightening more than 10bp in the Asia morning. The other tranches were around par or a couple of basis points wider by early afternoon in Asian hours.
Citigroup, Deutsche Bank, JP Morgan and Morgan Stanley were active bookrunners, with Credit Suisse and Goldman Sachs as the passive bookrunners. BNP Paribas, DBS, HSBC, ING, Mizuho Securities were co-managers.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

BSE Sensex jumps 267 pts to new closing peak of 28 334.63; NSE Nifty up over 75ptsReliance Industries among Barclays' top 133 stock picks for 2015
Indian stocks today notched up their best gain in three weeks with benchmark Sensex surging 267 points and Nifty jumping by 75.45 points to hit new highs powered by a spurt in shares of lenders after Kotak Mahindra-ING Vysya announced India’s biggest banking merger.
The mood was positive across global markets after US shares provided another record-breaking lead yesterday.
Expectations that government will come out with more reforms in Winter session of Parliament also influenced sentiments, brokers said, adding that speedy cabinet approvals for development of infrastructure gave a boost.
The local currency also scripted a pull-back after plunging to 9-month low of 62.25 against US dollar yesterday. Rupee was last trading at 61.78 levels.
Besides banking sector, capital goods, consumer durables, oil & gas, FMCG, auto, realty and power stocks helped the BSE index settle at 28,334.63 — a new record at closing — gaining 267.07 points, or 0.95 per cent. Its previous record closing high was 28,177.88 reached on November 17.
Intra-day, it touched a new lifetime high of 28,360.66, bettering its previous record of 28,294.01 hit on November 19.
Heavyweights such as RIL, Hindalco, Cipla, BHEL, Hero Motocorp, ITC Ltd and L&T provided solid support.
The 50-scrip NSE Nifty went up by 75.45 points, or 0.90 per cent, to close at fresh high of 8,477.35, beating its earlier record high of 8,430.75 hit on November 17.
The index also touched lifetime high of 8,489.80, surpassing its previous record of 8,455.65 on November 19.
Kotak Mahindra Bank yesterday evening announced the buyout of ING Vysya Bank in an all-stock deal valued at Rs 15,000 crore, which is likely to set off consolidation moves.
Shares of Kotak Bank continued their rally, surging by 3.68 percent. ING Vysya counter ended 2 percent up. Other prominent gainers were Axis Bank, SBI, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank. They gained in 1-3 percent band.Yes Bank rose 4 percent.
Smaller peers, like City Union Bank, DCB, Dhanlaxmi Bank, Federal Bank and Karnataka Bank, logged 2-5 per cent gains.
Sectorally, the BSE Bankex rose 2.37 per cent, the best among peers. It was followed by the Capital Goods that rose 1.32 per cent, FMCG index 0.90 per cent, Consumer Durables 0.84 per cent and Oil & Gas index 0.86 per cent.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth a net Rs 477.15 crore yesterday, according to exchanges.
TAGS: Bse BSE Sensex Kotak Mahindra Bank
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

Kumari Selja speaks on the Narendra Modi factorKumari Selja speaks on the Narendra Modi factor
Produced by Andrew ClaranceUpdated: October 27, 2014 10:48 am
Related

Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Review (How good is the new S-Pen)Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Review (How good is the new S-Pen)
Produced by Andrew Clarance, Camera by Andrew Clarance | Updated: November 5, 2014 10:10 am
Related

Obama to push immigration reformsObama vows to press ahead with immigration reform
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/909e08f2-67b5-11e4-8970-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Culinary secrets from an East Indian homeNext image
Aunty Nora was a true Bandra girl (born and brought up in Chuim village, as she always specified) and was proud of it right through her ninety odd years. And like every true East Indian, she insisted on following all the rules and customs at mealtimes, whether it was a simple homely meal or a celebratory plate.
The normal everyday meal is simple, consisting of a curry (seafood or mutton of course!), a vegetable, and a pickle or condiment to go with it. Vegetables were commonly grown on patches of land adjoining homes and included white pumpkin, yam, okra, bitter gourd, turnip, fenugreek and several other leafy greens and beans. Fruit too is popular. Mangoes, chickoos, melons, cashew nuts, papaya, love apples, custard apples, guavas, bananas, and sugarcane are relished and used abundantly in dishes. Being a coastal community, the use of coconut is predominant as is the use of green mangoes as a souring agent. Rice plays an important role in the diet and is mainly consumed at lunch whereas wheat roti and bhakri are eaten at night. We also have a culture of fermented breads like fugeas and sannas, for which we use either yeast or toddy.
Besides the cultivation of rice, which, as in all of India, centres on the monsoon, the lack or abundance of rain makes a difference to their livelihoods. The wells are often dry by May and it is a long spell till the rains arrive in June. There are two types of plantations: oonhalli (crops planted in the middle of May and watered till the rains arrive) and paushi (crops planted immediately after the rains). One of the main summer occupations is the grinding of masalas and drying of essential ingredients required throughout the year.
The hand-pounding of dry masalas is normally done during the hot summer months. The job is carried out by women working in pairs who move from house to house and village to village along with the heavy equipment required. Recipes for masalas vary, as families use their own fiercely guarded proportions in spices. Hence, flavours differ from house to house and village to village. In recent decades, dry masalas in large quantities are ground in small mechanical mills in the neighbourhood. These are stored in dark glass bottles (not unusually, beer bottles) and sealed with corks tied over with muslin cloth and string.
Other essentials are stored and salted — red chillies, souring agents, such as kokum, raw mangoes diced and soaked in brine, and tamarind, which is dried and shaped into balls for further use.
Weddings and religious feast days are the best time to savour East Indian cuisine. As in Western menus, the East Indian ones includes meats like pork, duck and beef. There are, however, members of the community in the Vasai taluka who abstain from beef and pork even today. Weddings and celebrations are also opportunities to sample some great home-made wines and khimad.
And our sweets and desserts? There is a whole range covering seemingly simple treats like coconut fudge to decadent delicacies like guava cheese and Bole de Grao (made from sweetened gram).  And our Christmas platter overflows with goodies like kulkuls and nevries, marzipan and milk sweet.
Today, most East Indians have travelled and settled abroad and are making the community proud through their work. When they do come home, they come with an insatiable appetite for traditional food that is rarely to be seen nowadays. With festivals like the Bandra Festival bringing the spotlight back on the community, there is hope that this cuisine will be celebrated yet again.
(Note: If you would like to know more about the East Indian community, culture and cuisine, please do purchase a copy of the award-winning book, The East Indian Kitchen by this author, that is easily available on online retail sites.)

Basant Maheshwari on the Art of Value InvestingYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Basant Maheshwari on the Art of Value Investing
Published On:                  November 18, 2014                 | Duration: 40 min, 10 sec

RBI Unlikely to Cut Rates in a Hurry: CLSAYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
RBI Unlikely to Cut Rates in a Hurry: CLSA
Published On:                  November 19, 2014                 | Duration: 13 min, 50 sec

SEBI tightens insider trading normsUpdated: November 19, 2014 23:01 IST
SEBI tightens insider trading norms
Special Correspondent
stock exchanges
The regulator redefines the term ‘insider’
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) on Wednesday revamped the ‘Prohibition of Insider Trading’ regulations with more stringent measures, aligning its norms with international practices.
The new rules, based on the Justice Sodhi Committee report, would replace the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations 1992.
“The new regulations strengthen the legal and enforcement framework, align Indian regime with international practices, provide clarity with respect to the definitions and concepts, and facilitate legitimate business transactions,” said SEBI in a press release after its board meeting here.
The definition of ‘insider’ has been made wider by including persons connected on the basis of being in any contractual, fiduciary or employment relationship that allows such person access to unpublished price sensitive information (UPSI).
However, SEBI said that directors, employees and all other persons in the deeming category covered under 1992 regulations would continue to be covered.
Insider will also include a person who is in possession or has access to UPSI. Now, “immediate relatives will be presumed to be connected persons, with a right to rebut the presumption.” In 1992 regulations, definition of connected person was largely position based.  
Further in the case of connected persons the onus of establishing, that they were not in possession of UPSI, “shall be on such connected persons.”
A provision of ‘Trading Plans’ on the lines of the U.S. has been introduced for insiders with necessary safeguards. “Such a plan has to be for bonafide transactions and has to be disclosed on stock exchange platform in advance.”
 Delisting
Amending the SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009, the capital market regulator said delisting would be considered successful only when the shareholding of the acquirer together with the shares tendered by public shareholders reaches 90 per cent of the total share capital of the company.
It also needs to get at least 25 per cent of the number of public shareholders  — holding shares in de-materialised  mode as on the date of the board meeting which approves the delisting proposal — tender in the reverse book building process.
Further, the promoter/promoter group would be prohibited from making a delisting offer if any entity belonging to the group has sold shares of the company during a period of six months prior to the date of the board meeting which approves the delisting proposal.
It also said that companies, whose paid-up capital does not exceed Rs.10 crore and net worth does not exceed Rs.25 crore as on the last day of the previous financial year,  are exempted from following the reverse book building process.
.
Timeline for completing the delisting process has been reduced from 137 calendar days (about 117 working days) to 76 working days.
However, if the delisting attempt fails, the acquirer would be required to complete the mandatory open offer process under the Takeover Regulations and pay interest at 10 per cent per annum for the delayed open offer. 

Chicago healthtech company Novaerus announces $10 million in fundingMatter, a healthtech-focused startup incubator set to open early next year in Chicago’s Merchandise Mart, announced Wednesday $4.4 million in private funding. ( John Carpenter )
Novaerus uses a patented plasma-based system to cycle and clean air — aiming to reduce airborne infections. The company says more than 200 long-term care facilities in 24 states use its system, which it aims to expand into hospitals, laboratories and perhaps even into schools and day-care centers, chief marketing officer Brendan Sullivan said.
"We see our market as much wider than long-term care facilities," Sullivan said.
 
Novaerus chairman and CEO Bill McCabe said in a statement that the new investment validates the company's strategy.

Coal scam: CBI told to probe further into Rajya Sabha MP Vijay Darda s rolejudiciary (system of justice)
In a closure report, the CBI had said that nothing substantial emerged to establish cheating and criminal conspiracy among Coal Ministry officials and JLD Yavatmal Energy
A Special Court on Thursday directed the CBI to further investigate into the scam in coal block allocations, involving Rajya Sabha MP Vijay Darda and others, in which the agency had filed a closure report.
The court also ordered further probe into the role of JAS Infrastructure and Power and others in the allocation of coal blocks.
Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar asked the CBI to file a progress report of its probe on December 19.
“Vide my separate detailed order, the matter has been sent for further investigation,” the judge said.
CBI filed the closure report in the case in which it had registered an FIR against JLD Yavatmal Energy, its directors Vijay Darda, his sons and other unknown persons.
The agency had lodged an FIR in the case against six individuals, the firm and unknown persons under sections 420 (cheating) and 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC.
In its closure report, the agency had said that nothing substantial emerged to establish cheating and criminal conspiracy among officials of the Ministry of Coal and JLD Yavatmal Energy.
CBI, which had earlier alleged in its FIR that JLD Yavatmal wrongfully concealed previous allocation of four coal blocks to its group companies in 1999-2005, said in its closure report that even if it (CBI) had revealed this, JLD Yavatmal Energy would not have been disqualified.
The report had said that investigation could not establish that JLD Yavatmal Energy has obtained any undue benefit from the Ministry of Coal with regard to its non-declaration of previous coal blocks.
During the hearing on the closure report, the CBI prosecutor had earlier submitted before the court that Vijay Darda had written several letters to the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) and others for allocation of coal block to JLD Yavatmal Energy.
The CBI’s investigating officer also told the court that the Chhattisgarh government, where the Fatehpur East Coal block was situated, did not recommended allocation of coal blocks to JLD Yavatmal Energy.
CBI also revealed that in the guidelines issued by the Coal Ministry as well as the minutes of the 35th meeting of the Screening Committee, there was no mention of the fact that allocation of earlier coal blocks either to the applicant company or group or associate company would be a disqualification for getting a fresh coal block.
It had said that after considering the guidelines for allocation of coal blocks, the Screening Committee recommended allocation of Fatehpur East Coal block to JLD along with RKM Powergen, Visa Power, Green Infrastructure and Vandana Vidyut.
Role of JAS Infrastructure and Power to be probed
The Special Court also ordered further investigation in the role of JAS Infrastructure and Power and three persons in which the CBI had filed a closure report.
CBI, in its closure report, had lodged an FIR against Nagpur-based businessman Manoj Jayaswal, JAS Infrastructure and Power, and others for alleged irregularities by the firm in acquiring coal blocks. It had lodged an FIR in the case on the allegation that the company had not disclosed to the Coal Ministry that it was already in possession of coal blocks.
However, during the investigation, CBI could not find any “prosecutable evidence” against the firm and others and filed a closure report in the case.
Coal block allocation: chronology of events
July 14, 1992
A number of coal blocks, which were not in the production plan of Coal India Ltd and the Singareni Collieries Company Limited (SCCL), were identified and a list of 143 blocks were prepared.
1993 to 2010
A total of 70 coal mines or blocks were allocated between 1993 and 2005, 53 in 2006, 52 in 2007, 24 in 2008, 16 in 2009 and one in 2010.
In all, 216 block were allocated between 1993 and 2010, out of which 24 were taken away at different points in time, effectively leaving the total number of allocated blocks at 194.
March 2012
CAG’s draft report accuses govt of ‘inefficient’ allocation of coal blocks 2004—2009; estimates windfall gains to allottees at Rs 10.7 lakh crore.
May 29, 2012
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh offers to give up his public life if found guilty in the scam * May 31, 2012: CVC, based on a complaint of two BJP MPs — Prakash Javadekar and Hansraj Ahir — directs a CBI enquiry
June 2012
Coal ministry forms an inter—ministerial panel to review the process of allocation of blocks and to decide either on de—allocations or forfeiture of bank guarantees.
Since then, the government has taken back about 80 coal fields while bank guarantees in 42 cases have been forfeited.
August 2012
CAG’s final report, tabled in Parliament, tones down loss to exchequer figure to Rs 1.86 lakh crore.
June 2012
Coal ministry forms an inter—ministerial panel to review the process of allocation of blocks and to decide either on de—allocations or forfeiture of bank guarantees.
Since then, the government has taken back about 80 coal fields while bank guarantees in 42 cases have been forfeited.
August 2012
CAG’s final report, tabled in Parliament, tones down loss to exchequer figure to Rs 1.86 lakh crore.
August 25, 2012
Govt claims CAG’s presumptive loss theory flawed, no mining yet.
August 27, 2012
PM says CAG flawed; “The observations of the CAG are clearly disputable”
September 6, 2012
PIL in SC seeks cancellation of 194 coal block allotments Supreme Court begins monitoring the CBI probe into the coal field allocations
March 2013
The Apex Court asks CBI not to share probe details with govt
April 23, 2013
Standing Committee on Coal and Steel, in a report tabled in Parliament, says coal blocks distributed between 1993—2008 done in unauthorized manner. Says allotment of mines where production not started should be cancelled.
April 26, 2013
CBI Director Ranjit Sinha submits affidavit saying investigation report shared with law minister Ashwani Kumar.
May 10, 2013

Female entrepreneurship rising in India: OECDemployment
Survey moots reviving 2002 proposal on extending gender quotas
OECD estimates that the annual growth of the economy could be up to 2.4 percentage points higher if India implements a package of pro-growth and pro-gender policies. It recommends reviving the 2002 proposal on extending gender quotas at the national and State parliamentary levels.
Female entrepreneurship is increasing in India, especially in manufacturing, where women account for 40 per cent of entrepreneurs, according to the OECD Economic Survey of India. This spurt in female entrepreneurship is facilitated by education, work experience and role models, including through quotas in political representation on rural councils, says the Survey.
Though encouraging the increase in entrepreneurship, however, is almost entirely accounted for by subsistence self-employed entrepreneurs, who work from home or as street vendors, the Survey finds. This is because the number of female entrepreneurs who have one or more employees has remained broadly stable.
OECD Chief Economist Catherine L. Mann released this Survey here on Wednesday. Also present at its presentation was Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian.
Aside of rising incidence of entrepreneurship, female economic participation in India remains exceptionally low, holding down incomes and resulting in severe gender inequalities, says the Survey. India stands out with less than a third of working-age women in work; this is, for example, half that of Brazil.
Unemployment
Weak demand is also contributing to lack of job opportunities. Double-digit unemployment among highly educated women suggests that many are willing to work if they had access to jobs that matched their skills, the Survey says.
The fact that most jobs were created in India in construction that tends to employ men has meant fewer opportunities for women.
India has pioneered many creative programmes to raise female status and participation in the economy, including training, gender budgeting, quotas for women in local councils, requiring women on boards in the 2013 Companies Bill and a Women’s Bank. India has also pledged to raise female economic participation in its G20 commitments. However, to realise the potential of higher female labour market participation, stronger gender-specific measures are needed, the Survey recommends.
It also recommends reinforcement of the implementation of the many existing laws that provide for gender equality and women’s rights, and removal of discriminatory legal measures.
Specific recommendations include: expansion of the Aadhaar programme to enlarge women’s opportunities by providing bank accounts for more women, raising the social protection, maternity benefits, as well as child and elderly care to free more women to enter the formal labour force and reinforcing the policies by the Ministry of Women and Child Development to promote training and access to credit to further increase entrepreneurship, including from home.
The Survey says that female quotas in local councils (from 30 to 50 per cent of seats and rotating chair) have raised women’s status by showing that women can do the job, and has improved decision making.

At WTO  India may still have to negotiateNew Delhi, November 20, 2014
Updated: November 20, 2014 15:42 IST
At WTO, India may still have to negotiate
Anumeha Yadav
agriculture
After India and the U.S. agreed on an indefinite “peace clause” at the World Trade Organisation (WTO) last week, India is now protected against any action for violating norms on subsidies in procurement and stocking foodgrains for its food security programmes. This is a breakthrough after the negotiations at Bali last December when this protection was offered only for four years ending 2017. But when the WTO's General Council meets next, India may still have to negotiate with member countries to re-examine the WTO's Agreement on Agriculture (AoA) to account for inflation while considering its revised Minimum Support Price (MSP) to farmers.
While the U.S.-India agreement insulates India against penalties, under the 1995 AoA's method of calculating subsidies, India is still likely to breach norms for farm subsidies. Under AoA, India has committed to offer local farmers a procurement price below the notified import price fixed in rupee terms in 1988, which is when the negotiations took place. While the AoA under Article 18, clause 4 allows for member countries “due consideration to the influence of excessive rates of inflation” India is yet to receive this allowance for inflation in the years since 1988. Without this, the MSP, especially to rice, is close to breaching the External Reference Price (ERP) or the 1988 notified import price, say trade experts.
“India had 600 per cent inflation since 1988. We will have to ask to neutralise this inflation citing clause 18.4,” said Anwarul Hoda, Chair Professor, Indian Council for Research on International Economic Relations (ICRIER) and India's former Deputy Director-General at the WTO.
India imported rice at Rs 3520 per tonne in 1986-88. Under AoA, taking this as base price, India can offer a MSP that is not more than ten per cent above Rs 3520 per tonne. As per Mr Hoda's calculations, accounting for inflation, India can offer rice farmers a MSP of Rs 16,318 per tonne. In 2011-12, the actual MSP offered was Rs 15,000 per tonne, below the norms after accounting for inflation but very close to breaching the limit.
Two ways of going forward could be to ask the member countries to revise the 1986-88 benchmark to a more recent one, or to raise the current ceiling on subsidies from 10 per cent of production to more, said CSC Sekhar, an economist at the Institute of Economic Growth, Delhi University.
Abhijit Das, Professor, Centre For WTO Studies, Indian Institute of Foreign Trade said India could build further on the G-33 proposal on food security. “One, we could ask for the ERP to be changed to rolling basis, two, we could use the inflation methodology in which we take inflation for any year, deflate the MSP so it matches the MSP of 1986-88,” said Professor Das. He added that India will have to also address concerns raised by some countries that its large public stockholding could be dumped in global markets and potentially distort world trade. “We exported 2.9 million tonnes wheat in 2012 but this was at prices 30 to 35 percent higher than MSP that year so it could not have distorted trade. The share of wheat that was exported from Food Corporation of India stock less than 0.1 percent of global wheat trade,” pointed out Professor Das.
India is likely to argue for changing these norms reminding member countries that the WTO's broad agenda must be to remove bias against developing countries. “When the AoA negotiations began in 1986-88, India was a grain importing country. The food prices were at their lowest and subsidies of developed countries to their farmers were at their highest. The ERP was fixed at the 1986-88 base period because we wanted to ensure that the developed countries did not raise their subsidies beyond those levels,” explained Mr Hoda who took part in the negotiations as Chief Policy Coordinator in the Government of India at the time of AoA.

PM among contenders for Time  Person of the YearPM Narendra Modi among contenders for Time magazine's 'Person of the Year' honour
Yoshita Singh     New York   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 16:27 IST
Other contenders for the top honour include Russian President Vladimir Putin, teenage Pakistani Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai and Ebola doctors and nurses.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is among 50 global leaders, business chiefs and pop icons named as contenders by 'Time' magazine for its annual 'Person of the Year' honour.
The 'Person of the Year 2014' will be announced in December and the publication said the title will be bestowed to those who have, for good or for ill, most influenced the news and our lives in the past year.
Describing Modi as once a controversial regional leader, 'Time' said he became India's prime minister after leading his Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to a landslide electoral victory on a platform of economic development.
'Time' has asked its readers to vote for the individual who they think should get the title of Person of the Year and the winner of the reader's choice poll will be announced next month before the magazine's editors choose the individual from the 50 candidates as the honouree.
Modi has so far got over 5 per cent of the votes, the second highest after Russian President Vladimir Putin. Other contenders for the honour include teenage Pakistani Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai and Ebola doctors and nurses who are risking their lives to treat and contain the outbreak in the hot zone.
The other candidates in the fray for the 'Person of the Year' title are US President Barack Obama, Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, IS chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, Chinese President Xi Jinping, US Secretary of State John Kerry and former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
Among the business chiefs and artists in the fray are Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, Chinese e-commerce site Alibaba founder Jack Ma, auto major GM's first female CEO Mary Barra, Apple CEO Tim Cook and singers Beyonce, Taylor Swift, reality star Kim Kardashian and actress Jennifer Lawrence.
Last year's 'Person of the Year', Pope Francis, is also among the candidates along with the 200 Nigerian girls kidnapped by Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
In a separate Face-off poll, Modi has been pitted against Indonesia's new president Joko Widodo.

India continues to top ODI team rankingsUpdated: November 20, 2014 14:36 IST
India continues to top ODI team rankings
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
Kohli is at second place in batting list with 862 points while captain M.S. Dhoni is placed seventh.
TOPICS
One-day cricket
India retained the number one spot in the latest Reliance ODI team rankings while batsman Virat Kohli maintained his number two position in the batting rankings.
Following the victory in third ODI against South Africa, Australia leapfrogged into second place on the Reliance ICC ODI Team Rankings and is just two points adrift of leader and 2011 World Cup champion India.
Kohli is at second place in batting list with 862 points, behind South Africa’s A.B. de Villiers (888), and ahead of Hashim Amla (845), who is placed third. Dhoni remains at seventh with 738 points.
Seamer Bhuvneshwar Kumar is the best-placed Indian at eighth with 641 points in the bowling chart. No Indian features among the top 3 all-rounders in world cricket at the moment.
Meanwhile, in the team rankings, Bangladesh and Zimbabwe have the opportunity to gain vital rankings points as they go head to head in five ODIs starting Friday in Chittagong.
Ninth-placed Bangladesh currently holds an 11-point lead over Elton Chigumbura’s charges, and can further increase their lead while also reducing the gap with New Zealand and West Indies.

Wholl blink first: buyers or buildersLaunch activity poor in Sept quarter: Data
November 20, 2014:  
Home developers and buyers are playing a waiting game. While builders are going slow on new projects to hold prices, buyers are putting off purchases hoping prices will drop.
Property firms cut back on launches even in promising markets in the September quarter, data from property consultant Cushman and Wakefield (C&W) shows.
Bangalore, which has been a steady market, saw a 27 per cent drop in new launches, compared to last year. Data from real estate consultancy JLL shows there is enough supply to take care of 29 months’ demand, up from the usual 21 months.
The recent launches are focused in the eastern and northern suburbs, where IT-related demand is strong. Seventy-seven per cent of the launches in the July-September quarter were in these areas. Chennai, Delhi, and NCR (National Capital Region) have also seen launches slow down in this period.
In Mumbai, data from C&W shows launches have doubled sequentially, but are still down from last year. Builders attribute this to approval coming through for several long delayed projects.
But this trend may not point to pent-up demand. In Mumbai, “the residential luxury space is currently carrying four years (worth) of unsold inventory,” says Rohit Poddar, Managing Director, Poddar Developers.
Stagnant prices
Even as developers are curtailing new launches, property prices have continued to flatline. With investors staying out of the market, demand has been low. In NCR, once a booming market, new home project launches have been cut in half, with only 4,500 new units launched in the September quarter.
Shrinking project size
“Developers have made a conscious effort to keep the number of units in a project small, so that they can deliver on time and meet the expectations of the purchasers,” says Gaurav Yadav, Founder, Uday Homz, a real estate consultancy. On-time project delivery could help boost buyer sentiment.
Muted sentiment in cities such as Chennai may be due to other local factors. For instance, the report said project completions were down by half in the September quarter, compared with the previous quarter.
This can be attributed to approvals slowing down after an 11-storey building collapsed in late June. “On a relative basis, Bangalore is doing better than Chennai,” says M Murali, MD, Shriram Properties, a developer active in both cities.
Affordability remains an issue for buyers as prices are still high. Brajesh Parnami, Chief Executive Officer, Destimoney, a home loan advisory firm feels steep corrections are unlikely.
Cautious outlook
Home prices are unlikely to move in the short-term, barring a few sub-markets, says Naveen Nandwani, Executive Director, Cushman & Wakefield. Data on future launches from Knight Frank India paints a sobering picture. Their July-September quarter survey shows a dip in new home launches over the next two quarters.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Merkel ally doubts Hollandes reformsGermany’s EU commissioner doubts Hollande’s reforms
Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aebafcf0-70d4-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

West cannot afford Iran to turn to RussiaNovember 20, 2014 5:59 pm
Failure to reach a nuclear deal will drive Iran into Russia’s arms
Ariane Tabatabai
It is vital a comprehensive deal on Iran’s nuclear programme is reached, writes Ariane Tabatabai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/af14ed0c-6e57-11e4-afe5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Barack Obama s immigration orders to benefit thousands of Indians in USEditorial: Decentralising planning
The executive actions announced by US President Barack Obama would streamline legal immigration and benefit thousands of Indians who currently have to undergo a painful and agonising process to get Legal Permanent Status (LPR), also known as Green Card.
“After almost nine years of hard work on the issue of skilled immigration backlogs, we finally have good news to report,” said Aman Kapoor of Immigration Voice, a NGO that tackles problems faced by high-skilled foreign workers in the US.
Obama’s executive actions provides portable work authorisation for high-skilled workers awaiting LPR status. Under the current system, employees with approved LPR applications often wait many years for their visa to become available, a White House factsheet said.
The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) will make regulatory changes to allow these workers to move or change jobs more easily. DHS is finalising new rules to give certain H-1B spouses employment authorisation as long as the H-1B spouse has an approved LPR application.
Kapoor said going forward, it will be easier to use a new provision called “Pre-Register” where employees who have approved labour and I-140 would be able to gain benefits of adjustment of status even when the dates are not current.
“This has been, by far, the most sought after and in-demand provision for us in last 9 years. Skilled employees would be able to switch jobs, apply for Employment Authorisation Document and advance parole and also not have to worry about the new job being the same or similar, as the new administrative order liberalises the definition of what constitutes same or similar job,” he said.
“In addition to this, the administration is making it possible to port the green-card petition from one employer to another so that applicants do not have to start with labour certification again should their employment end after they are quite far along in the process,” Kapoor said.
“Spouses who are on H-4 visa would be able to apply for work permit and receive EAD via the proposed H-4 EAD rule. Additionally, they will also qualify for an EAD through the pre-registration step with primary applicant of green-card process. This will make life easier for thousands of skilled family members who get left out of opportunities due to H1B quota restrictions,” Kapoor said.
Following Obama’s actions, DHS will expand immigration options for foreign entrepreneurs who meet certain criteria for creating jobs, attracting investment, and generating revenue in the US, to ensure that the US system encourages them to grow the economy.
The criteria will include income thresholds so that these individuals are not eligible for certain public benefits like welfare or tax credits under the Affordable Care Act, the White House said.
TAGS: Barack Obama US Immigration US Visa
More from economy
Indian markets not expensive yet: Credit Suisse Adding to the slew of bullish forecasts for India, foreign brokerage Credit Suisse believes the country will remain an outperformer...

Maoist leader Narayan Sanyal released from jailPrint
Narayan Sanyal.
Written by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Ranchi | Posted: November 21, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: November 21, 2014 4:21 am
Narayan Sanyal, described by those familiar with his work as the “tallest Maoist leader” in the phase succeeding the Naxalbari agitation, was released on bail from the Hazaribagh jail on Thursday after being jailed for about nine years.
Sanyal (78) who was a Politburo member when arrested in December 2005, said that peace talks with the government was near-impossible, due to the nature of the government at the centre. “Now they will come to the states, too,” he said, referring to the BJP’s aggressive attempts at running state governments.
Sanyal, a founder member, was the general secretary of the CPI-ML (Party Unity) when it merged with the CPI-ML (People’s War) in 1998. Muppala Laxmana Rao, then-GS of the PW, came to lead the new party and is now the GS of CPI-Maoist.
When asked about Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh’s comments that talks with the Maoists can happen only if the left rebels lay down arms first, Sanyal said, “If we lay down arms first, what is the point of talks?”
Sanyal, who never married, said trust would be a major barrier if Maoists were to talk to the government again. “Azad lost his life to the peace talks,” he said, referring to the death of Politburo member Cherukuri Rajkumar, who was killed in an encounter.
Sanyal said he believed Azad died because intermediary Swami Agnivesh’s team was infiltrated by intelligence personnel. “There were moles in Swami Agnivesh’s team. Others may say things about Agnivesh, but I personally, I don’t doubt him. Even as he was writing letters, the CID was getting to know its contents,” said Sanyal. He however added that Azad should have been more careful: “He was too liberal with them.”
When asked whether he still believed in armed action, Sanyal chuckled: “Kahe phasaarahahe…. If I tell you anything now, the police will pick me up tomorrow.” The two Special Branch personnel who sat amongst journalists, taking notes, chuckled too.
However, he did not hesitate to hint that the Maoist party needs to re-think its strategy when it comes to land and mass movements. “Land to the tiller is no longer the only problem of the peasantry…. There is also a development question,” Sanyal said.
He had been jailed at the same Hazaribagh jail at the time of Emergency, at a time when Marxist Leninist parties were grappling with the idea of how to organise the masses. “We are still thinking of that question,” he admitted. He referred to a letter that was seized from Dr. Binayak Sen, which eventually led to both of them being sentenced to life imprisonment. “I had written on the problem of organising the masses in it,” said Sanyal.
Sanyal, who was active in the Palamu region of Jharkhand, is remembered by his comrades for bringing together various M-L splinter groups into his PU organisation. He however rejected the idea of Jharkhand’s various splinter groups coming together. “They have continued…

France grapples with homegrown jihadismA new video from the Islamic State group showed three Kalashnikov-wielding Frenchmen burning their passports.
By: Agence-France Presse | Paris | Posted: November 21, 2014 3:18 am
A horrified France was grappling with a new reality in which hundreds of its citizens are openly joining jihadist groups and directly calling for attacks on their homeland.
A new video from the Islamic State group released on jihadist forums and Twitter yesterday showed three Kalashnikov-wielding Frenchmen burning their passports and calling on Muslims to join them or stage attacks in France.
The new video explicitly calls for retaliation against France for launching air strikes against the Islamic State group, which has seized large parts of Syria and Iraq.
The violence continued on the ground with IS claiming a rare suicide car bombing in the usually secure capital of Iraq’s autonomous Kurdish region that killed four people a day earlier.
Also in Iraq, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu and his Iraqi counterpart Haidar al-Abadi held talks on security cooperation, pointing towards a possible easing in the long-strained ties between their countries.
The latest IS propaganda film follows the appearance of a grisly IS execution video at the weekend that featured at least one French citizen — 22-year-old Maxime Hauchard.
Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian announced yesterday that France would step up its campaign against the jihadists, sending six Mirage fighter jets to Jordan in December.
France currently has nine Rafale jets based in the more distant United Arab Emirates as part of a US- ed international campaign to provide air support to Iraqi and Kurdish forces fighting the group.

Indian e-commerce sector to hit $15 b by 2016: Studyonline
Of the 100 million online shoppers, about 40 million are expected to be women.
With 100 million Indians expected to shop online by 2016, e-commerce sector in the country will grow to be a $15 billion market in two years, according to a report by Google and Forrester Consulting.
“The consumer confidence to shop online has grown significantly in the last year and a half. About 8 million people were shopping online in 2012 and the number this year is expected to be 35 million. By 2016, online shopper base will grow almost three times to 100 million, and over 50 million new buyers will come from tier I and II cities,” Google India Managing Director Rajan Anandan said.
India's etailing market is at an inflection point and will see rapid growth to become a $15 billion market by 2016, he added.
According to the research conducted across 6,859 respondents, the confidence to shop online is on the rise as 71 per cent non-buyers (respondents) from tier I and II cities said they plan to shop online in the next 12 months.
Additionally, of the 100 million online shoppers, about 40 million are expected to be women. Already, women buyers in tier I cities are driving growth, outspending men by 2X.
“Women buyers are set to become the most significant contributor to the growth of online shopping and there is a huge opportunity waiting to be unlocked in this user segment,” Google India Industry Director for Ecommerce (Local and Classifieds) Nitin Bawankule said.
Amongst the challenges, the report pointed out, 62 per cent buyers said they were not satisfied with their online shopping experience, while 67 per cent highlighted the current return process was too complicated and expensive.
Among non-buyers, trust was a major issue with 55 per cent saying they did not trust the quality of products sold online, were concerned about safety of online transactions (63 per cent) and did not feel comfortable sharing personally identifiable information online (65 per cent).
About 66 per cent of total respondents said poor connectivity was also a major barrier for them to shop online.

Buy Tech Mahindra for a Target of Rs 2 920: ZEST CapitalYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Buy Tech Mahindra for a Target of Rs 2,920: ZEST Capital
Published On:                  November 20, 2014                 | Duration: 13 min, 04 sec
Tweet
Hemant Kale, founder of ZEST Capital, told NDTV that the stock is looking strong on the technical charts. It has been consolidating for last 8 to 10 trading sessions after making an excellent move from Rs 2,300 levels, added Mr Kale.

Biopic on late Yash Chopra to happen soon: PamelaChopraYash Chopra, who helmed iconic films like "Kaala Patthar", "Deewaar", "Kabhi Kabhie", "Darr", "Dil To Pagal Hai" and "Jab Tak Hai Jaan", among others, breathed his last Oct 21, 2012.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 21, 2014 4:09 pm
Late filmmaker Yash Chopra’s widow Pamela Chopra says she would make a biopic on his life sometime in the future.
With biopics being made on iconic names like Milkha Singh, M.C. Mary Kom, Kishore Kumar and Dara Singh, Pamela Chopra was asked about her plans to have a biopic on the life of her husband.
To this, she said: ” A biopic on him (Yash Chopra)? Yes, we are thinking about it.”
“It has not been decided yet but I am sure at some stage we will make a biopic,” added Pamela, who was present at a press conference Thursday to announce second Yash Chopra Memorial Awards.
Yash Chopra, who helmed iconic films like “Kaala Patthar”, “Deewaar”, “Kabhi Kabhie”, “Darr”, “Dil To Pagal Hai” and “Jab Tak Hai Jaan”, among others, breathed his last Oct 21, 2012.
He was honoured with Dadasaheb Phalke Award, Padma Bhushan and many other such awards.

Redmi Note coming at Rs 9 999. Here is what you need to know before lining up onFlipkartThe Redmi Note is a 5.5-inch phablet
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 21, 2014 4:03 pm | Updated: November 24, 2014 11:09 am
The madness that we Indians love to import from China is set to find its crescendo once again, most probably for a few Tuesday starting December.
The Redmi Note, the latest opportunity Xiaomi is giving us Indians to queue up virually on our favourite e-commerce site, is expected to start selling in a couple of week’s time. The Indian site of the smartphone startup, that calls itself an e-commerce company, has already listed the phone at an unreasonably low price of Rs 9,999 .
Before all you decide that this is next phone you guys want to buy though you would have to subject yourself to the ignominy of having to enter a virtual line, something we Indians would never do in public, we thought you should read up what this phone gives you for Rs 9,999.
The Redmi Note is a phablet, as suggested by the name. But unlike the Samsung Galaxy Note this one does not give you a stylus. But then that would have been too much to ask for at this price point.
The phone is powered by an octa-core MTK 6592 1.7GHz processor from MediaTek. It has a 5.5-inch HD IPS display that will draw power from a 3,100 mAh lithium-polymer battery. The rear camera is all of 13MP, while the 5MP front facing camera should keep the sefie-holics happy. Overall, not a bad deal at Rs 9,999. Not a bad deal at all.
But then that is what Xiaomi is selling, the compelling value for money proposition. There is no other company that will give you an octa-core processor or a 13MP camera for under Rs 10,000. That should be a good reasons to test you faster finger first for a few Tuesdays before the new year.

Black money can destabilise world peace: Prime Minister NarendraModiPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 4:03 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 6:51 pm
Warning that black money can destabilise world peace and harmony, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday asserted that democratic nations have an obligation of collectively fighting this evil as it does not affect any country selectively.
A day after his return from a foreign tour during which the issue of black money was flagged at the G-20 Summit in Australia, Modi wrote a blog saying that “India placed the issue of existence and repatriation of black money at the forefront of the world community.”
The Prime Minister said he was glad that the world community took note of this “because this is an issue that does not selectively affect one nation.”
Warning that “the menace of black money has the potential to destabilise world peace and harmony,” Modi said, “black money also brings with it terrorism, money laundering and narcotics trade.”
Pitching for a united global fight against the menace, he said, “As democracies firmly committed to the rule of law, it becomes our obligation to collectively fight this evil and there was no better occasion than the G-20 to raise this.”
Referring to the outcome of the G-20 Summit, he said, “Our efforts paid off with the official communique reflecting this issue.”
Modi, who attended five Summits and met 38 world leaders during his 10-day tour of Myanmar, Australia and Fiji, said, “I noticed one thing – that the world is looking at India with renewed respect and immense enthusiasm! I see a global community that is tremendously keen to engage with India.”
“With every leader, we discussed how we could make our relations more extensive, diverse and wide-ranging. Strengthening trade and commerce and drawing industry to India was a central part of the discussion,” Modi wrote on the blog.
He added that the “numerous leaders I met were very optimistic about our ‘Make in India’ initiative and are keen to come to India and be a part of the extensive and diverse opportunities India has to offer.
“I see this as a positive sign, one that will bring several opportunities to India’s youth and give them the right exposure that will make them shine,” the Prime Minister said.
Observing that “such exposure” has become imperative keeping in mind the pace at which the world is developing, he said, “several world leaders also showed keenness on our plans to create ‘Next Gen Infrastructure’ and smart cities.”
He noted that his visit to Australia was the first bilateral visit by an Indian Prime Minister in 28 years and to Fiji after 33 years.
In an apparent dig at his predecessors, Modi wrote, “on one hand, the IT and Communication revolution brought the world closer but on the other hand, we could not reach the shores of these two countries, each important in its own way, for almost three decades. I thought this must change.”
He said he had 20 full bilateral meetings. continued…

Armed robbers loot Rs 75 lakh in daring attack onangadiasPrint
By: Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 21, 2014 3:57 pm
In an audacious attack, two angadias were looted of Rs 75 lakhs in broad daylight at Chandlodia bridge on Friday morning by a gang of five men who allegedly fired at them.
The angadis who belong to Ganesh Kantilal Angadia Pedhi located in Zaveriwad at Gandhi Road run by DC Patel. Incidentally, Patel lives in Chandlodia at Shreeji Towers where the incident happened a few metres away near Sopan residency near Chandlodia Bridge.
The Sola police said the angadias identified as Prakash Kanti Chaudhary and Suresh Chuahan alias Jethabhai had collected the sum from Patel’s house and were passing Chandlodia road on a two wheeler when the five robbers intercepted them.
The police further said that before the angadias could react, one of the robbers fired at them and snatched the bag of cash. The robbers fled on their bikes within minutes of the incident. The bullet injured Jethabhai, who fell unconcious on road, and Prakash raised an alarm.
The officials from the neighbouring Sola police station, crime branch and special operation group rushed to the spot. The police are collecting CCTV footage from the neibhouring buildings and shops to identify the robbers.
Sola Inspector BV Gohil said, “We suspect the hand of an interstate gang who have a record of firing and robbing traders, businessmen and angadias in past. The forensic officials and other officials are helping us in the investigation and soon we will be able to identify the gang behind this.”
The angadias have been robbed at gun point previously in Ahmedabad, however this time, they were shot at to loot the bag of cash that was meant to be delivered in the city.
The Sola police have registered a case of armed robbery under various sections of the Indian Penal Code and the Arms Act. The crime branch is assisting the Sola police in investigating the case.

Shah Rukh Khans Happy New Year heads to Marrakech filmfestReleased Oct 24, the film grossed over Rs.350 crore worldwide with more than Rs.200 crore net in India itself.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 3:53 pm
Making its mark at the box-office worldwide and its screenplay making its way to the Oscar Library, “Happy New Year” has now been invited at the 14th edition of Marrakech International Film Festival.
The Red Chillies Entertainments Pvt. Ltd.’s film, directed by Farah Khan and starring Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Sonu Sood, Boman Irani and Vivaan Shah, has been officially invited in the out-of-competition section at the upcoming festival, that opens Dec 5.
The film will be screened on the Jemaa El Fna Square Dec 6, the day of the Official Royal Dinner hosted by the president of the Festival Foundation, His Royal Highness Prince Moulay Rachid. Farah Khan and cast of the film are invited to attend the Official Red Carpet of the evening, said a statement.
Farah, Abhishek, and Boman will represent the team at the festival that will go on till Dec 13.
“We are very happy to screen HNY at the Marrakech International Film Festival. It will be one the highlights of the Festival. Farah Khan, Abhishek Bachchan and Boman Irani will introduce the film on the famous Jemaa El Fna Square in front of thousands of people,” said Mélita Toscan du Plantier, director of film festival.
“It will be Farah’s first time at the Festival as Abhishek came in 2003 and Boman in 2012 for the Tribute to Indian Cinema. It is the only Indian film screened on the Square this year as every night an actor presents a film like Viggo Mortensen, Jeremy Irons, Adel Imam, etc,” the director said.
Toscan du Plantier added that “Shah Rukh Khan has a special relationship with the Marrakech Film Festival and Morocco…He came for a Tribute in 2011 and for the Centenary of Indian Cinema in 2012.”
“He was also decorated by HRH Prince Moulay Rachid on behalf of His Majesty King Mohammed VI. Each time he has been on the Square, it has been a sea of people coming from all Morocco, who love him very much and hey even sang some of his songs in Hindi. Moroccans have a very special relationship with Bollywood,” said the director.
Farah is also excited to grace the event.
“I’m delighted that HNY is being showcased in Marrakech. Marrakech has become a festival of repute n it’s an honour to take our film there,” she said in a statement.
Released Oct 24, the film grossed over Rs.350 crore worldwide with more than Rs.200 crore net in India itself.

CBIs Additional Director Dutta to head 2G case after SC removed Ranjit Sinha fromprobePrint
The court had handed over the case to the senior-most officer after Ranjit Sinha in the investigating team probing the spectrum scam. (Source: AP photo/file)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 3:52 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 4:14 pm
Additional Director R K Dutta will now head the CBI probe in the 2G spectrum scam after the Supreme Court directed the agency Chief Ranjit Sinha to recuse from the investigation.
A 1981-batch IPS officer from the Karnataka cadre, Rupak Kumar Dutta is the overall incharge of the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) of the agency which is probing the 2G cases.
CBI sources said initially it was not clear whether Special Director Anil Sinha who is the number two after the Director will oversee the probe or Dutta who is incharge of ACB will lead the investigation.
They said it was decided that according to the Supreme Court order, the person heading the investigation team should be put in charge of the 2G cases.
Due to retire in the end of this month, Sinha had yesterday suffered a major blow when the apex court removed him from the 2G probe, saying the allegations against him of protecting some accused appear to be “prima facie credible”.
The court had handed over the case to the senior-most officer after Sinha in the investigating team probing the spectrum scam.
A bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu, however, had refused to pass an elaborate order on the issue, saying that it would “tarnish” the “image and reputation” of the premier agency.
The court’s directives had come while hearing the plea of senior lawyer Prashant Bhushan who demanded his ouster for allegedly influencing the trial in the case.
Bhushan had alleged Sinha wrote to the then Special Public Prosecutor U U Lalit points which could have tilted the trial in favour of one of the accused. Lalit had trashed the suggestions.

More gold import curbs will hurt: jewellersgold and precious material
Jewellers and the bullion trade alike are against any new restrictions on gold imports as they feel this would prove detrimental to industry interests and further fuel smuggling of gold into India.
There are expectations that authorities may impose restrictions on gold import following data which showed that this had more than quadrupled in October 2014 to 106.3 tonnes (26 tonnes in October 2013).
The All India Gems & Jewellery Trade Federation (GJF), representing more than 6,00,000 players, feels any further curbs could spell doom for the gems and jewellery sector. "Since the base of gold imports in September-October 2013 was low, the increase may seem very high but this comparison cannot be used to impose further restrictions," Harish Soni, Chairman, GJF said, adding that higher demand was a normal trend, "stimulated by advance buying prior to festival time and anticipation of additional curbs on gold imports as indicated by the government."
Prithviraj Kothari, Executive Director, India Bullion & Jewellers Association (IBJA) told The Hindu, "there must be other options. Gold has become more a currency than a commodity and increasing the duty will only encourage smuggling and new restrictions will further impact availability. Gold deposit schemes should be encouraged."
Vipul Shah, Chairman, Gem & Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) said his organization was neutral "as long as exporters are not disturbed. The government is no doubt keen to curb domestic consumption."
GJF said that importers had not yet distributed gold imported in September-October 2014 to jewellers as gold hoarders were "holding on to their stock in anticipation of higher profits resulting from further curbs and restrictions to be announced by the government."
While proposing to curb sale of gold coins and bars immediately by its members to restrict demand, GJF said these account for about 300 tonnes. GJF also proposed unlocking idle gold to the tune of 1,000-1,500 tonnes in three years through its proposed Rashtriya Swarn Nivesh, a gold deposit scheme.

Hockey Dad Has A Good Cry After Son Makes Killer NHL Debutreddit
You go ahead and cry, proud hockey dad.
After San Jose Sharks goaltender Troy Grosenick recorded a shutout in his NHL debut Sunday, his father, Scott, was shown tearing up in the stands .
Grosenick's parents, who made the trip to Raleigh, North Carolina, from Milwaukee to cheer on the rookie, saw one amazing effort: Grosenick stopped 45 shots in the Sharks' 2-0 victory over the Carolina Hurricanes, Deadspin reports. The player's fiancée and other family members were also there.
According to Sports Illustrated, Grosenick was a "longshot" to make the NHL . He signed with the Sharks as an undrafted free agent in April 2013 and had spent all his time in the minors before Sharks backup goalie Alex Stalock underwent knee surgery.
Grosenick waited two games on the Sharks' bench before finally getting his chance at the big-time. And his father, who recalled his son vomiting at his first practice at age 5 because he was so sick, was there to see it.
"I was just happy for him, knowing the process he's gone through ever since he was first on the ice," Scott Grosenick told the San Jose Mercury News. " I tend to show my emotions. It just happens ."
More:

Astral Poly Technik Board approves proposal for acquisition of 76% stake in Resinova ChemieThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Black money can destabilise world peace: PMA file photo of Narendra Modi
New Delhi, Nov 21:  
Warning that black money can destabilise world peace and harmony, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today asserted that democratic nations have an obligation of collectively fighting this evil as it does not affect any country selectively.
A day after his return from a foreign tour during which the issue of black money was flagged at the G-20 Summit in Australia, Modi wrote a blog saying that “India placed the issue of existence and repatriation of black money at the forefront of the world community.”
The Prime Minister said he was glad that the world community took note of this “because this is an issue that does not selectively affect one nation’’.
Warning that “the menace of black money has the potential to destabilise world peace and harmony’’, Modi said, “black money also brings with it terrorism, money laundering and narcotics trade’’.
Pitching for a united global fight against the menace, he said: “As democracies firmly committed to the rule of law, it becomes our obligation to collectively fight this evil and there was no better occasion than the G-20 to raise this.”
Referring to the outcome of the G-20 Summit, he said, “Our efforts paid off with the official communique reflecting this issue.”
Modi, who attended five summits and met 38 world leaders during his 10-day tour of Myanmar, Australia and Fiji, said: “I noticed one thing — that the world is looking at India with renewed respect and immense enthusiasm! I see a global community that is tremendously keen to engage with India.”
“With every leader, we discussed how we could make our relations more extensive, diverse and wide-ranging.
Strengthening trade and commerce and drawing industry to India was a central part of the discussion,” Modi wrote on the blog.
He added that the “numerous leaders I met were very optimistic about our ‘Make in India’ initiative and are keen to come to India and be a part of the extensive and diverse opportunities India has to offer.
“I see this as a positive sign, one that will bring several opportunities to India’s youth and give them the right exposure that will make them shine,” the Prime Minister said.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Falling crude price could make oil -linked LNG contracts more attractiveFalling crude price could make oil -linked LNG contracts more attractive
Reuters
Tweet
Paris, Nov 21:  
Falling oil prices could settle the debate over liquefied natural gas (LNG) pricing, as long-term contracts linked to the value of oil begin to look more attractive.
With no liquid futures contract available to provide a global LNG price benchmark, oil prices have long been used to help calculate LNG contract values, but buyers have argued this is an imperfect model.
Oil prices have plunged around 30 per cent since June to trade around $80 a barrel, however, refocusing LNG buyers on the oil link, attendees at the CWC World LNG Summit in Paris said.
"It will kill this debate over what kind of (price) reference to use. When you consider the falling oil prices, it brings traditional (oil-indexed) formula very close to what would be the price of US supply into Asia," said Laurent Vivier, vice president of strategy for Total's gas and power operations.
The shale gas boom in the United States has resulted in the country having some of the cheapest-priced gas globally, leading to discussion over whether it should be more instrumental in providing the pricing point.
"It's (lower oil prices) certainly going to test some of the beliefs that gas indexation is cheaper than traditional contracts. If you take a scenario of $70 to $80 oil, that's very competitive long-term LNG oil index price," said Iain Scott, assistant marketing director of short-term trading and optimisation at Qatargas.
Around 70 per cent of global LNG trade is destined for Asia, much of which is tied into long-term contracts, with the vast majority including a link to oil prices.
Falling oil prices are also expected to trigger debate over existing contracts.
"I strongly suspect there will be disputes. Anytime something is volatile and moves quickly like that (oil prices), it will cause disruptions," said Jason Bennett, partner at oil and gas specialist law firm Baker Botts.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

StanChart opens 100th branch in IndiaStanChart opens 100th branch in India
Satyanarayan Iyer
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 21:  
The largest foreign bank in the country, Standard Chartered Bank, has opened its 100th branch in the country.
The milestone branch was opened by the bank in Bareilly District of Uttar Pradesh.
Standard Chartered Bank has branches in 43 cities and a combined customer base of around 2 million retail customers and around 2,500 corporate and institutional relationships.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Airport name change rocks Telangana HouseTweet
November 21, 2014:  
The Centre’s decision to name the domestic terminal of Rajiv Gandhi International Airport after former Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister NT Rama Rao has rocked the Telangana Assembly on Friday.
Leaders of Telangana Rashtra Samithi and Congress strongly opposed the decision. Flaying the move, the Chief Minister, K Chandrasekhara Rao, wondered why the Union Government chose to name it after an Andhra leader.
“The Government can consider the names of Adivasi leader Komuram Bheem or Telangana Armed Struggle veteran Chakali Ilamma,” he said.
The Centre had on Thursday decided to name the domestic terminal on late NTR. While shifting the international airport to Shamshabad, the then Congress Government named it after former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi (the international terminal was named after him at the Begumpet airport) but chose not to name the domestic terminal. This had attracted criticism from the Telugu Desam Party.
Now that Ashok Gajapathi Raju, a TDP leader, is holding the Civil Aviation Ministry in the coalition government, the Andhra Pradesh Government could influence the Union Government for naming the domestic terminal at the new airport on late NTR.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Ceremony would not amount to anointment of Naib Imam: HCShahi Imam Maulana Syed Ahmed Bukhari (file photo)
New Delhi, Nov 21:  
The Delhi High Court today said the ceremony (dastarbandi) to anoint Shahi Imam Maulana Syed Ahmed Bukhari’s son as the Naib Imam of Jama Masjid “would not amount to an appointment".
A Bench of Chief Justice G Rohini and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw made the observation after taking into account the contentions of the Centre, Delhi Wakf Board and petitioners, who have challenged the ceremony, adding that in such a situation there is no need to stay the function.
The court also noted that under the Wakf Act, 1995, the law only “provides for a mutawalli (manager) of a wakf and contains no provision for appointment of Imams of Wakf properties, even if a masjid".
“We are of the opinion, that in the face of the contentions of the petitioners that Maulana Syed Ahmed Bukhari has no right in law or otherwise to anoint his son as the Naib Imam and which is supported by the Delhi Wakf board...
”...the anointment ceremony (Dastarbandi) scheduled on November 22, 2014, even if not stayed, would not amount to anointment/appointment of the said son of Maulana Syed Ahmed Bukhari as the Naib Imam of the Jama Masjid. We, therefore, do not feel any need to pass any ad—interim order restraining the same,” the bench said.
The court also did not restrain Bukhari from holding the ceremony at Jama Masjid, as sought by the petitioners, saying he and his family have been using the same as their residence for the last several years.
“However, we clarify that the ceremony so held and the anointment made therein of the youngest son of Maulana Syed Ahmed Bukhari or any other person as the Naib Imam of the Jama Masjid shall be subject to further orders in this petition and shall not vest/ create any rights or special equities in favour of any person,” the court said.
It also issued notice and sought responses of the Archaeological Survey of India, Delhi government, DDA, MCD, city police, Wakf Board, CBI as well as Bukhari by the next date of hearing on January 28, 2015.
The Bench also noted that “no answer is forthcoming” from the Wakf Board as to why it “has not exercised any rights or supervision over the Jama Masjid” or why it has “allowed Maulana Syed Ahmed Bukhari to appropriate all earnings from the said Masjid and also not taken any action for accounts thereof being not rendered inspite of court directions“.
The court’s order came on three PILs challenging the Shahi Imam’s decision to appoint his son as the Naib Imam.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Brent touches $80 on possible OPEC output cuts  strong US dataIndian markets not expensive yet: Credit Suisse
Brent briefly touched $80 a barrel on Friday on speculation OPEC could agree to output cuts at its meeting next week, with strong U.S. economic data also bolstering oil prices.
Venezuela reiterated its call for production cuts, with Foreign Minister Rafael Ramirez saying it was willing to cut its own output if the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries agreed to reduce production at its Nov. 27 meeting.
Libya, Ecuador and Venezuela earlier called for OPEC to cut production. Iran urged fellow OPEC members to shore up oil prices while saying a reduction in output was unlikely.
“There’s been a lot of rumours on what OPEC might decide to do in its upcoming meeting in the last 24 hours,” which fuelled a jump in both Brent and U.S. crude prices, said Victor Shum, managing director of downstream energy consulting with IHS.
Brent hit $80 a barrel in early Asian trade on Friday and U.S. crude futures rose nearly $1 although prices retreated as traders took positions and investors bet on the outcome of the OPEC meeting, Shum said.
“I think it will be very difficult for OPEC to agree a cut and announce a headline number,” he added.
Brent was up 24 cents at $79.57 a barrel as of 0354 GMT on Friday after jumping $1.23 in the previous session. The benchmark could snap an eight-week slide if the gains are sustained on Friday.
U.S. crude for January delivery rose 46 cents to $76.31 a barrel after gaining $1 in the previous session.
Oil prices were supported by a raft of U.S. economic data that came out overnight in the Asian time zone.
That included a business activity index that surged to its highest level in 21 years, while home resales rose to an annual rate of 5.26 million units, the highest since September 2013.
Further signs of optimism about the U.S. economy came with U.S. jobless claims, which have remained below the 300,000 threshold for 10 straight weeks, although they fell less than expected last week.
Investors are also keeping an eye on Iran. Sharp divisions remain between Tehran and world powers on an agreement over Iran’s nuclear programme, which could see the deadline for a pact extended to March from Nov. 24, officials said on Thursday.
TAGS: Brent Oil Price
More from economy
Indian markets not expensive yet: Credit Suisse Adding to the slew of bullish forecasts for India, foreign brokerage Credit Suisse believes the country will remain an outperformer...

Europe firm after new Wall St recordCentral bank action bolsters stocks
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f2383914-712b-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rochester result highlights voter disillusion© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/d2360bfa-713a-11e4-b178-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Acker Bilk  clarinettist  1929-2014© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/63d744e4-6528-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dovish Mario Draghi speech hits euroDovish Draghi boosts hopes of ECB stimulus
Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e2bcc510-7160-11e4-818e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brief respite for yen after Aso remarksEuro tumbles in fallout from dovish Mario Draghi
Jennifer Thompson in Hong Kong and Richard Blackden in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/16b0684a-714d-11e4-b178-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Icahn helps to choose new Hertz chiefIcahn helps to choose new Hertz chief
Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1de11f5c-710b-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Carmakers blame Takata in airbag crisisCarmakers blame Takata in airbag crisis
Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/83bbb87e-70d3-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BSE Sensex jumps 267 pts to new closing peak of 28 334; NSE Nifty up over 75 ptsReliance Industries among Barclays' top 133 stock picks for 2015
Indian stocks today notched up their best gain in three weeks with benchmark Sensex surging 267 points and Nifty jumping by 75.45 points to hit new highs powered by a spurt in shares of lenders after Kotak Mahindra-ING Vysya announced India’s biggest banking merger.
The mood was positive across global markets after US shares provided another record-breaking lead yesterday.
Expectations that government will come out with more reforms in Winter session of Parliament also influenced sentiments, brokers said, adding that speedy cabinet approvals for development of infrastructure gave a boost.
The local currency also scripted a pull-back after plunging to 9-month low of 62.25 against US dollar yesterday. Rupee was last trading at 61.78 levels.
Besides banking sector, capital goods, consumer durables, oil & gas, FMCG, auto, realty and power stocks helped the BSE index settle at 28,334.63 — a new record at closing — gaining 267.07 points, or 0.95 per cent. Its previous record closing high was 28,177.88 reached on November 17.
Intra-day, it touched a new lifetime high of 28,360.66, bettering its previous record of 28,294.01 hit on November 19.
Heavyweights such as RIL, Hindalco, Cipla, BHEL, Hero Motocorp, ITC Ltd and L&T provided solid support.
The 50-scrip NSE Nifty went up by 75.45 points, or 0.90 per cent, to close at fresh high of 8,477.35, beating its earlier record high of 8,430.75 hit on November 17.
The index also touched lifetime high of 8,489.80, surpassing its previous record of 8,455.65 on November 19.
Kotak Mahindra Bank yesterday evening announced the buyout of ING Vysya Bank in an all-stock deal valued at Rs 15,000 crore, which is likely to set off consolidation moves.
Shares of Kotak Bank continued their rally, surging by 3.68 percent. ING Vysya counter ended 2 percent up. Other prominent gainers were Axis Bank, SBI, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank. They gained in 1-3 percent band.Yes Bank rose 4 percent.
Smaller peers, like City Union Bank, DCB, Dhanlaxmi Bank, Federal Bank and Karnataka Bank, logged 2-5 per cent gains.
Sectorally, the BSE Bankex rose 2.37 per cent, the best among peers. It was followed by the Capital Goods that rose 1.32 per cent, FMCG index 0.90 per cent, Consumer Durables 0.84 per cent and Oil & Gas index 0.86 per cent.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth a net Rs 477.15 crore yesterday, according to exchanges.
TAGS: Bse BSE Sensex Kotak Mahindra Bank
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

FC Goa hope for home comfort ahead of FC Pune City clashUpdated: November 21, 2014 16:45 IST
FC Goa hope for home comfort ahead of FC Pune City clash
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
The hosts will be again looking upto captain Robert Pires (in picture) and Andre Santos to keep the attack moving along. File Photo
TOPICS
soccer
Back home after a fairly successful brief spell away, a resurgent FC Goa will be eager to earn three points as they prepare to lock horns with FC Pune City in a Hero Indian Super League match in Margoa on Saturday.
If the resounding 4-1 win against Delhi Dynamos in the away match revived hopes of making it to the semi-finals, a goalless draw against Mumbai City FC in the last match ensured FC Goa remained in the seventh place with nine points from as many matches.
Any more slip-ups from here on will further jeopardise their prospects.
In their last game, both teams controlled the midfield, resulting in fewer chances. Mumbai had the first chance to break the deadlock but Lalrindika Ralte’s effort was saved by Jan Seda and latter Andre Moritz’s curled shot hit the cross bar.
Goa, who put pressure in the closing stages, too, had the misfortune of hitting the woodwork as Tolgay Ozbey’s shot struck the post and few minutes latter Subrata Paul did well to deny substitute Romeo Fernandes.
FC Goa, coming into this match with four points from two matches, hold the psychological advantage over their rivals who have collected only two points from their last three matches.
They also have the home crowd to back them. The hosts will be again looking upto captain Robert Pires and Andre Santos to keep the attack moving along with Mandar Rao Desai and Gabriel Fernandes. If they fire in tandem, FC Goa could avenge their away defeat to FC Pune City.
The defense looks sound in Gregory Arnolin, Youness Bengelloun, Narayan Das and Debrata Roy, who will have to deal with the likes of David Colomba, David Trezeguet and Dudu Omagbemi, who are capable of turning the game on its head.
FC Goa’s faith will largely depend on how their strikers respond to the chances that come their way and striker Tolgay, who have scored a goal in each of the two wins.
FC Goa coach Zico is positive that his team still have the chance to make it to the semi-finals provided they win their next three home matches. The team has the capacity to fight back and are working hard to recover the points which they have lost.
“It’s going to be a great game and we are looking to reduce the effect of best players of the Pune team and I think it is a game of equals. Tomorrow’s win is crucial for our stay in the race for the knock-out stage,” summed up Zico.
FC Pune City, who lost to Chennaiyin FC in their last match, remained on 12 points from nine games, the same as Kerala Blasters and Mumbai City FC, but slipped to fifth place on account of inferior goal difference.

Sensex up 187 points  Nifty scales new peak in early tradeUpdated: November 21, 2014 11:38 IST
Sensex, Nifty scale new high
PTI
Sensex rose by 230.97 point to hit yet another record of 28,298.53 while Nifty rose by 71.60 points to a fresh high of 8,473.50 in late morning trade on Friday.
Early morning trade
Nifty rose nearly 60 points to hit new record of 8,461.65 and the BSE Sensex climbed over 187 points to trade at 28,254.85 in early trade on increased buying by foreign funds and retail investors amid a mixed trend at other Asian bourses.
The Nifty was quoted higher by 59.75 points, or 0.71 per cent, to new life-time high of 8,461.65, surpassing previous high of 8,455.65 touched on November 19.
The 30-share index, which had gained 34.71 points in the previous session, rose by 187.29 points, or 0.66 per cent, to 28,254.85 with banking, consumer durables, healthcare, metal, auto and oil & gas stocks leading the gains.
Brokers said sentiment remained upbeat as foreign funds and retail investors enlarged their positions in anticipation of further economic reforms amid record closing on the US markets on positive economic indicators.
Shares of Kotak Mahindra Bank and ING Vysya Bank continued their upward journey and gathered 7.23 and 3.22 per cent respectively amid merger reports.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at a new record-high by rising 0.19 per cent in Thursday’s trade.
Among other Asian markets, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng gained 0.17 per cent, while Japan’s Nikkei fell 0.78 per cent.

SC orders CBI chief not to interfere in 2G case probeSC directs CBI chief to recuse himself from 2G case probe
IANS –  Thu 20 Nov, 2014
Print
New Delhi: In a rap to CBI Director Ranjit Sinha, the Supreme Court Thursday directed him not to interfere in the 2G spectrum case and recuse himself from its investigation and prosecution.
An apex court bench of Chief Justice H.L. Dattu, Justive Madan B. Lokur and Justice A.K. Sikri said that the senior-most officer heading the investigation team probing the 2G case will take over the overall investigations of the 2G cases.
Holding as "credible" the allegations of interference and scuttling of investigation and prosecution by Sinha in the 2G spectrum cases, the court recalled its Sep 15 order directing NGO CPIL to reveal the identity of the whistleblower who gave information on Sinha's alleged interference.
The court while not passing a detailed order with reasons said that it was doing so as it would effect and hurt the image of the premier investigation agency.
Earlier in the day, the apex court took exception to the Central Bureau of Investigation's (CBI) submission that senior counsel K.K. Venugopal will no longer represent it in the 2G spectrum case.
The court did not take kindly to the probe agency's joint director Ashok Tiwari telling counsel Gopal Shankar Narayan that Venugopal would not appear for the CBI in the ongoing case on allegations that its chief Ranjit Sinha was interfering in the probe.
The court also did not take well to the presence of a large number of CBI officers in the courtroom, and enquired about the reason for their attendance.
When senior counsel Vikas Singh, representing Sinha, sought to justify this, saying they were assisting the court in giving clarifications on files, if any, Chief Justice Dattu said: "We have not called them. If we need any clarification, we will call them."
The chief justice then directed all the officers to vacate the court room and attend to their work.
Recommend

Massive rally! Sensex ends at record highs but experts remain cautiousHi Guest
Massive rally! Sensex ends at record highs, but experts remain cautious
The BSE Sensex rose as much as 293 points in trade on Friday, to hit a fresh lifetime high of 28360.66, while the Nifty rose 88 points. NEW DELHI: The Indian market, which has rallied a little over 33 per cent so far in the year 2014 to record highs of over ...

Why India needs more bank marriagesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Black money in Jharkhand assembly election: BrindaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

RBI lifts curbs on buying shares in Yes Bank by FIIsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Motilal Oswal neutral on Bank Of IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PM Receives Grand Reception at Melbourne Cricket GroundThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Future Group acquires Nilgiris for Rs 300 croreThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

European Central Bank President Mario Draghi throws door to QE wide open as recovery wanesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Aa gaya expert chartist. naa idhar ka naa udhar ka !! lol wave theory ...Platinum Member
88 Followers
AA gaya Expert Chartist. Naa idhar ka naa udhar ka !! LoL Wave theory  scenario ... bolta hai others are like me, they do not know, just like myself. Hehehe
5.03 PM Nov 21st  | Track

Kal isme lower rate par buy kare morning me sell kare and closing me b...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Raj even i don`t have spicejet. we should hope for the best. warmest i...Platinum Member
39 Followers
Yes you could be wrong coz the way the developments is going on in spice indicates in one direction.Moreover from the last sell calls till today cam u imagine the profit a whooping 35%.even if u are shortterm investors we could easily be @profit of 35%.Not bad what say.Moreover KFA n spice opposite poles.One run by professional with proven track record to the nearest re,another promoter intrference in everything.spice no 2 in MS.what more indicators u need to come to a conclusion.Correct me if IM wrong,this is my view.

All these morons need to do is read my messages when nifty was below 7...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

eBay ties up with ShopYourWorld for Black Friday sale in IndiaeBay ties up with ShopYourWorld for ‘Black Friday’ sale in India
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 21:  
eBay India has partnered with shopyourworld.com to introduce the ‘Black Friday’ sale in India that will go on from today till November 30.
Under the offer, eBay will offer bargains on US-based products at India pricing as well as free shipping across the country through products purchased via Global Easy Buy, eBay India said in a statement.
Black Friday is the Friday following Thanksgiving Day in the US, often regarded as the beginning of the Christmas shopping season. It is known for best deals on products and is the biggest shopping day in the US.
“We are delighted to provide Indian consumers easy access to the best of Black Friday deals on products available in the US and that too in real time.
“Along with ShopYourWorld.com, we will be listing over 10,000 deals on ebay.in under the Black Friday sale,” eBay India Director and Business Head Vidmay Naini said.
These products will be available to consumers in Indian rupees at a price which will be inclusive of all import duties, international shipping charges and other charges as applicable in India, it added.
During the sale, customers can look forward to purchasing technology and lifestyle products at discounts of up to 80 per cent.
E-commerce in India is growing at a massive pace.
According to reports, the segment is expected to grow from about $3 billion to $15 billion in the next two years.
Major players including Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon have, in the last two months, offered discount schemes on specific days, in sync with the festive season in the country.
In December, tech giant Google will host the third edition of its annual Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF), which will see participation from e-commerce players as well as large FMCG and consumer durable brands.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Warner Bros inks deal with Exelixi for kids WB storesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Warner Bros inks deal with Exelixi for kids WB stores
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 21:  
Warner Bros. Consumer Products India, has signed a deal with Exelixi Management Ltd to roll out Kids WB stores across the country over the next five years.
Kids WB – Warner Bros. Consumer Products’ latest retail concept – houses all Warner Bros. licensed merchandise across its categories and properties under one roof. The properties include Tom and Jerry, Looney Tunes, Tweety, Scooby-Doo, as well as DC Comics Super Heroes including Superman and Batman.
Exelixi will expand the Kids WB stores from the current count of four to 75 across India over the next five years.
Javier Garza, Managing Director, WBCP India, said, "As part of our retail strategy, we’re focused on expanding our reach of products through a one-stop-shop for our entire Warner Bros. branded merchandise range."
Prasar Sarma, Director of Exelixi Management, “product licensing is a fast-growing market in India and we hope to learn from them in the same way they can learn from us.”
Kids WB stores will have two retail formats including stand-alone stores housed in prominent malls in major city centres; and shop-in-shops or branded corners housed in department stores and hyper markets.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

India less vulnerable to global shocks than before: HSBCIndia less vulnerable to global shocks than before: HSBC
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 21:  
India, which witnessed substantial financial volatility last year over talk of the US Fed’s plan to taper its bond-buying programme to boost the American economy, has improved is external balance position and is less vulnerable than before, an HSBC report says.
According to the global financial services major, the Fed is expected to hike interest rates next year, but many investors seem to believe that Asia is in relatively good shape since most economies boast of current account surpluses.
“India’s external balance has improved as well, suggesting that the country is less vulnerable than before,” the HSBC report said.
Since the Asian crisis in 1997, the region has run large and persistent current account surpluses as savings exceed investments, HSBC said, adding that “the region is now fairly immune to changes in global financial conditions”.
An analysis of the change in the national savings rate between 2008 and 2013 shows that China, Hong Kong, Malaysia and Thailand have seen a decline which, in turn, indicates vulnerability.
“Among the Asian economies, China, Hong Kong, Malaysia, and Japan have seen their surpluses shrink quite rapidly in recent years; whereas there have been improvements in Korea, Singapore, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam,” the report said.
The current account balance is the single most important indicator to assess an economy’s health. If it is in surplus, you will recall, the country saves more than it invests, leaving it in relatively robust shape. If it’s in deficit, well, things can get more challenging.
HSBC said the change in a country’s current account position over time can be quite telling as well. A shrinking surplus can signal emerging vulnerabilities, just as a narrowing deficit may leave a country more resilient.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Stocks jump after China cuts ratesCentral bank action bolsters stocks
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f2383914-712b-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Precious metals  crude likely to trade lowerPrecious metals, crude likely to trade lower
Naveen Mathur        Last Updated: November 17, 2014  | 12:13 IST
Photo: Reuters
Naveen Mathur
Non-Agri Commodities  
On a fortnightly basis, global equity markets traded on a positive note on account of favourable economic data from major global economies. However, the US Fed's decision to wind up its bond buying programme as a result of comfortable employment scenario prevented a sharp upside in the markets. Performance of equities in the euro zone was more or less flat as European Central Bank (ECB) President Mario Draghi hinted more easing of stimulus measures if required, which showed that the region is still fighting with its growth crisis.
The Indian rupee depreciated by around 0.3 per cent on account of dollar demand from oil importers, state-run banks and central bank buying dollars. However, inflow of foreign funds in equities and debt markets, along with a plunge in retail and wholesale inflation data and recovery in industrial activity, prevented a sharp downside movement in the currency.
In the non-agricultural commodities pack, weakness in spot gold prices continued for the second consecutive fortnight as the yellow metal loses its inflation appeal hedge. Gold prices fell due to a combination of lower crude oil prices and strength in the dollar. An unexpected acceleration of US manufacturing activity in October deepened market speculation that the US Federal Reserve will raise interest rates sooner than expected. Continued outflows from exchange-traded funds exacerbated the fall. Higher US job quits rate and new jobless claims remaining near a 14-year low suggest the US job market is moving toward full health, undermining gold's appeal as a hedge against economic uncertainty. Bullion investors looked to the currency and energy markets for trading cues.
Spot silver prices also traded negative for the second consecutive fortnight in tandem with falling gold prices. Strength in the dollar index on account of good economic data exerted downside pressure. Spot silver prices fell around 3 per cent while MCX silver prices also declined  by the same margin.
During the last fortnight, LME Copper prices plunged by 1.6 per cent as Chinese demand concerns were again reignited following a string of weak economic data from the nation. Further, absence of any broad-based stimulus measures by the People's Bank of China to boost growth acted as a negative factor. Also, strength in the dollar index, which is hovering near four-year low levels, exerted downside pressure on prices. MCX copper prices fell by 1.8 per cent in the past fortnight despite the rupee's depreciation.
 
WTI oil prices lost more than 7 per cent in the last fortnight, continuing its recent weakness as oil markets are amply supplied. Brent crude prices traded at four-year lows last fortnight as stockpile surge at Oklahoma for US crude frayed nerves of traders already worried about an oil glut after comments by Saudi Arabia's oil minister that showed little will by the kingdom to cut output when the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries meets on Nov. 27.
Outlook
We expect gold and silver prices to trade lower in the coming fortnight as outflows from the SPDR Gold Trust suggests waning interest in the yellow metal. Good economic data from the US will lead to strength in the dollar further acting as a negative factor for prices.
Crude oil prices will trade lower as well-supplied markets with suppressed demand will exert downside pressure. However, fears of supply disruptions in Libya need to be closely watched.
Base metals are likely to trade lower in the coming fortnight as the People's Bank of China has not indicated any big monetary policy action. However, favorable data from the US will restrict a sharp downside.
Agri Commodities
Chana: In the pulses counter, there was a sharp appreciation in NCDEX Chana prices in the last fortnight. Chana prices opened at Rs 3,158 and touched a new contract high of Rs 3,287. It touched a low of Rs 3,132. Prices early in the fortnight but fell by the middle of the fortnight on profit booking  at higher levels and liquidation in physical market due to the arrival of imported yellow chickpeas. About 1,951 MT of chickpea arrived in India on November 11 at an average price of $515 per MT.
Sowing of the chana crop has been sluggish in the current rabi season with only 16.15 lakh hectare are covered, down 32.09 per cent from a year earlier. In Rajasthan, chana acreage reached 846.6 thousand hectare, down 6.27 per cent from a year earlier.
Sowing data will provide further direction to pulses prices. Domestic demand will support prices.
Edible oils: The Edible oil segment saw huge volatility due to expectation of higher crop of US soya as per a US Department of Agriculture report. The report raised its US soybean yield estimate to 47.5 bushels per acre from 47.10 last month.  
According to the WASDE report, US oilseed production for 2014/15 is projected at 117.2 million tonnes, up 0.9 million tonnes from last month. Soybean production is forecast at 3,958 million bushels, up 31 million bushels on higher yield. Soybean crush is raised 10 million bushels to 1,780 million bushels mostly due to increased soybean meal exports.
Traders expect US export demand prospects to improve. At the same time, cold weather in the US is boosting demand for animal food.
Sugar: Sugar prices witnessed a range-bound movement. Physical demand on start of the wedding season provided support whereas the commencement of crushing of sugarcane in Uttar Pradesh pressurized the prices.
Prices gained in the fortnight on cues from the international market as UNICA, a sugarcane industry association, in its report said that output in Brazil's centre south region will be 17 per cent lower as compared to the same period last year. It produced 2.05 million tonnes of sugar in the second half of October, Wall street Journal said in a report.
Sugar prices are expected to trade on a negative note due to commencement of crushing of sugarcane in Uttar Pradesh and ample supplies of sugar carryover stock in the physical market.
Spices : The spice segment saw a huge momentum in the last fortnight. Jeera witnessed high volatility due to fresh export demand and flat arrival in the physical market. Tensions in Turkey and Syria diverted demand towards India for export inquiries.
Turmeric bounced back in the fortnight due to poor quality of arrivals and demand from north India due to starting of the wedding season. Dhaniya traded on a mixed note. As per market traders, arrival of the commodity stood at 2.5 lakh tonnes as against 12 lakh tonnes in the same period last year.
The spices segment will likely trade on a positive note on account of export inquiries in Jeera and good demand in turmeric. Dhaniya will trade on a mixed note on expectation of good supplies and lower demand.

CBI told to investigate Darda case furtherCoal scam: CBI told to investigate Darda case further
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 21, 2014  | 14:32 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Refusing to accept the closure report filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), a special Delhi court directed the investigation agency to further investigate an alleged scam in coal blocks allocation involving Congress Rajya Sabha member of Parliament Vijay Darda on Thursday.
Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar asked the CBI to file a progress report of its probe on December 19.
"Darda had misrepresented facts in various letters written to the then-PM (Manmohan Singh), who was holding the coal ministry portfolio, seeking his help to get allotment of Fatehpur (East) coal block in Chhattisgarh in favour of JLD Yavatmal Energy Private Limited," the court said.
Declining to accept the CBI's closure report filed in the case, in which it had lodged a first information report against Darda, who was also a director of JLD, and others, the court said that prima facie offence of cheating was committed by private parties in furtherance of conspiracy hatched between them and the public servants.
"As regard Vijay Darda, who was chairman of Lokmat Group, it has come on record that he wrote a number of letters to the Prime Minister seeking allotment of Fatehpur (East) coal block in favour of M/s JLD," the court added.
Darda at that time was a sitting member of Rajya Sabha and he too had specifically claimed in his letter dated June 18, 2007, and August 6, 2007, addressed to the then-Prime Minister that JLD was promoted, managed and controlled by Lokmat Group and IDFC.
Thus once again, there was a clear misrepresentation at different forums by Vijay Darda on behalf of JLD to claim allotment of yet another coal block," the court said in its 41-page order.

Govt denies role in SBI loan agreement with AdaniGovt denies role in SBI loan agreement with Adani Group
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 21, 2014  | 13:53 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Dismissing questions raised by Congress over State Bank of India (SBI) signing a pact for extending a loan woth US $ 1 billion to Adani Group, Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Thursday said the state-run bank takes its own commercial decisions and asserted the government had no role in it.
"Congress has accused SBI of giving loan to Adani group. Adani Group has a mine in Australia, they have signed an MoU (Memorandum of Understanding) only. Loan has not been given.
After establishing financial and commercial viability the loan will be decided by the SBI," the minister told reporters in the national capital.
Prasad said, "The government has nothing to do with it."
The minister added that SBI makes its decisions after taking its Board into confidence, recalling that the public sector bank also gave a loan worth US $1.7 billion to Jindal Power in 2010.
SBI and Adani have signed an MoU for a loan of US $1 billion to Adani Mining, the Australian subsidiary of Adani Enterprises for the Carmichael mine in Queensland, Australia which has massive blocks of untapped coal reserves.
Questioning the PSU bank's decision, Congress General Secretary Ajay Maken had said, "What was the propriety of the SBI giving the loan to Adani, who was sitting next to Prime Minister during the visit, at a time when some five foreign banks have denied credit to the group for the project?"
Earlier in the day, SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said, "We clarify that this is a memorandum of understanding. This is not a loan sanction that we have given. It will go through proper due diligence both on the credit side as well as on the viability side."
Bhattacharya said that the Board of the company will take a call and only then will the loan be given.

Health ATMs can be a reality soonPrint
Health ATMs, with a stock of drugs and other medical essentials, can soon become a reality in rural parts of India.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 10:37 am | Updated: November 21, 2014 10:38 am
Health ATMs, with a stock of drugs and other medical essentials, can soon become a reality in rural parts of India with some state governments mulling setting up such kiosks through the public-private partnership mode.
The Wish India Foundation, an NGO working in innovations in health, will soon begin a project in Rajasthan through which it will set up health ATMs in the countryside in partnership with the state government.
“While the Rajasthan project would begin from January, talks to begin such initiatives in Odisha and Madhya Pradesh are at an advanced stage,” said Wish Foundation CEO Soumitra Ghosh.
“We feel that primary health care is the main link in the country. We have a data base of innovators in the health care sector and try to implement their ideas after thorough laboratory checking,” he said.
Ghosh said the initiative first involved talking to the governments and identifying their needs and then showing them innovations according to the demands.
Health ATMs, automatic kiosk-type diagnostic centres and urine analysers, are among the several new health care innovations whose introduction was discussed at a special meet held earlier in the day.
Over 200 thought leaders from the government and private sector discussed the potential for bringing innovations in health care.
Sponsored by the Wish India Foundation, the initiative – with active support from Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India – is aimed at helping the poor derive benefits from specially designed low-cost glucometers, urine analysers, tele-connected Health ATMs and other devices.
The foundation has also committed to raise Rs.600 crore for healthcare innovations, ecosystem and knowledge hub to support the underprivileged sections in India.
“This shall help almost 100 innovators which they have identified through a study in joint collaboration with Deloitte in the healthcare sector in the next decade,” said Sunil Wadhwani, co-founder and co-chairman of IGATE Corporation.
“The fund will be raised by us and core partners such as large foundations initially and then others would add to it,” Wadhwani said.

Long  to do  list for PM Narendra Modi as clock ticks on economic reform'Corporate governance better, women representation still abysmal'
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has a long list of pro-growth measures to implement over the next four months, but time may have already run out to breathe enough life into the economy to meet the tough 2014/15 fiscal deficit target.
Modi’s election victory in May unleashed a rush of money from foreign portfolios betting the reformist prime minister would drive a quick recovery. That has yet to materialise, with both factory utilisation and capital spending low.
Parliament convenes on Monday for a month-long session in which the government is confident of passing legislation to allow more foreign investment in the insurance industry, despite hostile opposition parties. Other bills, including labour and land reform, will face stiff opposition.
After the session ends on Dec. 23, focus will turn to Finance Minister Arun Jaitley’s second budget, due in February and seen as a chance for the government to address criticism it has not moved quickly or boldly enough on the economy.
“They are quite aware of the urgency, that this cannot just be an incremental budget,” said author and commentator Gurcharan Das, a former CEO of Proctor and Gamble India. “They think of this of this as a transformative budget.”
Jaitley set a tough fiscal deficit target of 4.1 percent of GDP in his maiden budget. Slack tax revenues and the challenge of raising a record $9.5 billion target from asset sales could force him to cut spending, risking a fragile economic recovery.
“India looks set to miss its fiscal target this year, even in the optimistic case that the government fully delivers on its plans to sell stakes in state-owned companies,” Capital Economics’ Shilan Shah said in a research note.
Shah said missing the target would not be such a bad thing, given that looser fiscal policy could help the economic revival.
GDP LOOMING
After moving slowly on economic policy, including the asset sales, in his first six months in office, Modi has now picked up the pace.
Last week the government announced it would auction dozens of coalfields by February as well as allow foreign firms to mine coal for the first time. Asset sales should begin with the sale of a stake in oil firm ONGC in early December.
Even if such moves are implemented straight away, one senior government source said, their impact will take months to be felt.
GDP data due on Nov. 28 will give a clearer picture of how the economy fared in the quarter to September, but with factories running nearly 30 percent below capacity, few expect a big rebound from the worst slowdown since the 1980s.
One finance ministry source said on Friday that 2014/15 economic growth was likely to be at the lower end of the 5.4-5.9 percent forecast factored into the current budget, while tax receipts may fall short by 700 billion rupees ($11 billion).
Opposition parties have not so far not agreed to support even the relatively uncontroversial insurance bill, or a     constitutional amendment needed for a goods and services tax, raising concerns of a log jam in the upper house of parliament, where Modi’s party is in minority.
Recognizing that the investment and economic recovery is “yet to materialise”, and that tax receipts are well below budget estimates, the government has turned to excise measures such as a fuel tax to claw back revenue.
One proposal under discussion is to place a duty on imports of crude oil, three government sources said. The proposal is opposed by India’s oil refiners.
Other revenues could come from planned auctions of mobile telephone and FM radio spectrum early next year.
TAGS: Indian Econo Narendra Modi
More from economy
Indian markets not expensive yet: Credit Suisse Adding to the slew of bullish forecasts for India, foreign brokerage Credit Suisse believes the country will remain an outperformer...

Cricket Australia rebuff selector Mark Waughs marketing commentThe squad is expected to be named on Monday, with the first Test to start in Brisbane on Dec. 4. (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | Melbourne | Posted: November 21, 2014 4:19 pm
Australia selector Mark Waugh’s refreshingly candid departure from sport media-speak when he let slip that Cricket Australia wanted their Test team selected early for “marketing reasons” was swiftly rebuffed by the governing body on Friday.
Waugh made the comment on ‘Inside Cricket’ a TV chat show, but the governing body said on Friday the team was being selected early to allow them to prepare better.
The makeup of Australia’s team for the four-Test series against India has become a sensitive issue, with fitness worries over captain Michael Clarke and wicketkeeper Brad Haddin.
The squad is expected to be named on Monday, with the first Test to start in Brisbane on Dec. 4, which would prevent selectors from making a decision after candidates play another domestic Sheffield Shield match in the leadup.
“Ideally you would like to see the second round of Sheffield Shield matches but that’s not a decision the selectors have made,” Waugh told Inside Cricket, a TV chat show.
“Cricket Australia have made that. It’s for marketing purposes.”
CA’s team performance chief Pat Howard, however, said in a statement selectors had the “option” to take more time to pick the team, though the governing body added that the squad would fly to Brisbane next week and go into camp ahead of the four-Test series.
“Selector Mark Waugh spoke to Mr Howard this morning and admitted he used the wrong word on Fox Sports last night, stating the early selection of the team was for marketing when he should have said logistics,” CA said.
After Brisbane, Australia play India in Tests in Adelaide, Melbourne and Sydney.

Is Obamas claim to have increased criminal deportations accurateBy Philip Bump November 20 Follow @pbump
President Obama announced new action to delay the deportation of about 4 million undocumented immigrants living in the U.S. Here are some numbers to know about immigration. (Julie Percha/The Washington Post)
One of the key arguments made by President Obama in his speech outlining his actions to address undocumented immigrants was his insistence that his administration had made the borders more secure. "Today, we have more agents and technology deployed to secure our southern border than at any time in our history," Obama said -- a claim that we've evaluated before .
Later in the address, he made a different argument, one that bolstered his idea that the government should prioritize deporting criminals over law-abiding immigrants. "Over the past six years," Obama said, "deportations of criminals are up 80 percent."
That appears to be accurate. Since Obama took office, there's been a relatively modest increase in the number of people deported -- "removed," in the parlance of the Department of Homeland Security. DHS publishes statistics on an annual basis tracking numbers related to its work. And while apprehensions flattened out after a long-term drop, deportations have moved upward.
Not all of those deportations involve people with criminal records. To Obama's point, the number of removals of criminals has increased. Numbers for 2014 aren't yet available, but the increase between 2009 and 2013 was 54.6 percent. Between 2008 and 2013, such removals more than doubled.
There's an argument that's been made that the administration is inflating deportation numbers by including some returns -- people who are allowed to return to their own countries without an order of removal. It's not clear that this is the case, though. Returns have declined steadily over time, consistently both before and after Obama took office.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York City.

Homeland Security chief issues letter on Obamas immigration actionBy Josh Hicks November 20 Follow @reporter_hicks
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson. (AP/Charles Dharapak)
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson on Thursday circulated the following letter about President Obama’s planned immigration action to his department:
Tonight, President Obama will announce a series of executive actions to begin to fix our immigration system. The President views these actions as a first step toward the reform of the system, and continues to count on Congress for the more comprehensive reform that only changes in law can provide.
I support and recommended to the President each of the reforms to the immigration system that he will announce today. These recommendations were in turn the result of candid and extended consultations between me and the leadership of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), as well as outside stakeholders. Along the way, I listened to members of the workforce who implement and enforce the law to hear their views. In my own view, any significant change in policy requires the insight of those who administer the system. I believe we have done that here.
The executive actions the President will announce will reform and improve the system in a number of respects. These executive actions are well within our legal authority to direct and implement.
Many of the actions the President will announce tonight must be implemented by you. Today I visited USCIS to explain those actions to the workforce there, and to others by video teleconference. Tomorrow, the leadership of CBP, ICE and USCIS and I will travel to McAllen Station, Texas, to review the executive actions with the workforce in South Texas. In the coming days, I or other leaders of this Department will also brief many of you around the country about the reforms, in person, by video teleconference or otherwise.
Thank you in advance for your attention to these new policies, and thank you again for all the good work you do for the American people.
Sincerely,
Jeh Charles Johnson
Secretary of Homeland Security
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

Another daylong blast of artic air before welcome relief arrivesBy A. Camden Walker November 21
TODAY’S DAILY DIGIT
A somewhat subjective rating of the day’s weather, on a scale of 1 to 10.
3/10: Wind and cold overwhelm the sun. 30s feel more like teens and 20s. Biting, burning, arctic air is back!
EXPRESS FORECAST
Today: Sunny but windy. Highs: 33-38. | Tonight: Mainly clear, slackening breeze. Lows: Mid-teens to mid-20s. | Tomorrow: More sun than clouds. Highs: Upper 40s to mid-50s. | Sunday: Increasing clouds. P.m. showers? Highs: Mid-50s to low 60s.
FORECAST IN DETAIL
Arctic air has charged back in but should loosen its grip as the weekend progresses. Recall that “burning” cold feeling from Tuesday? It’s coming back. After our brief mild day yesterday, we hopefully have not completely de-acclimated to this January air mass. Dress like you did before yesterday! Runners and bikers also be sure to cover all of your exposed skin.
Today (Friday): Windy, brisk, and blustery are the main keywords of the day. Wind chills in the upper teens and 20s. Long underwear is recommended, or at least several layers. One last piece of arctic air has decided to grace us with its presence. At least it is sunny, but I’m not sure if that will be much consolation. High temperatures in the 33-38 range are probable. Dry, cold winds from the northwest blow at 10-20 mph, gusting higher at times. Confidence : High
Tonight: Skies are clear and we’ll feel calming northwesterly breezes. That means what? Temperatures are able to dive quickly and effectively. I like how teammate David Streit says that it might be “hard to tell if the stars are twinkling or it is just your shivering.” Low temperatures bottom out in the mid-teens in the typical cold spots to perhaps mid-20s downtown. Confidence: High
For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock . Keep reading for the forecast through the weekend…
Tomorrow (Saturday): Relief is here, some relief at least. We see a good amount of sunshine, even through a few clouds every now and then. In the middle of the country we have a tongue of moisture heading northward, and we’ll just see some high clouds in these parts. Our rain chances remain zero, as it appears now. Hopefully this is our last day (for a while) of static shock and scarves, as high temperatures reach the upper 40s to mid-50s. Why has our fate changed? Southerly breezes around 5 mph are pumping in slightly milder and moister air. Confidence: Medium-High
Tomorrow night: Clouds are slowly on the increase, but we shouldn’t see clouds completely block the stars. With just a bit of this insulating blanket of clouds, though, our temperatures won’t fall quite has hard and as fast as Friday night. This helps cushion the temperature drop with most areas only reaching the near 30 to mid-30s zone. It still may be a night for that heavy coat, so keep it handy even if not as seemingly brutal as we’ve seen lately. Confidence: Medium-High
Sunday: Clouds may continue to increase, yet we shouldn’t be completely overcast (stay tuned). By later afternoon, showers creep closer and closer from the west and southwest. So if you plan to be out for the entire afternoon, think about grabbing that small umbrella, as rain chances could increase from 30% around noon to perhaps 60% by sunset. High temperatures still should manage to get into the mid-50s to low 60s south of town. If our southerly wind around 10 mph ends up a bit stronger, we could add several degrees onto these projections. Confidence: Medium
Frost on the window in Kensington, Md this week. (Kathy Swendiman via Flickr )
A LOOK AHEAD
Sunday night: Skies turn overcast and rain becomes more likely. And also we think more steady for at least a chunk of the night. Right now it seems the best potential may be late evening into early overnight, then tapering again by sunrise. Overnight odds rise to about 75%. We do have a slight November rain deficit, so this rain is hard to complain about, right? Many of us could see a third of an inch to perhaps just over a half of an inch. Temperatures barely budge — hovering in the low-to-mid 50s. Confidence: Medium
Monday’s showers turn a bit more periodic and scattered. We have about a 35% chance of getting wet, overall. We may even see some breaks in the clouds, so put down those vitamin D3 bottles and step outside if we get some rays of sunshine. Want more motivation to brave any drops intermixed with breaks in the clouds? High temperatures could SURGE toward the 70 degree mark. For now, let’s call it upper 60s to low 70s. Subject to revision (higher?). Confidence: Medium
Are you ready for the next cold front on Tuesday? High temperatures should still manage to tease you outside, briefly, as they top out in the upper 50s to low 60s; yet these could be morning high temperatures. Sun may come out behind the front as well, further confusing us! We’ll update you as we get closer on how to dress for Tuesday–you may have to lug the heavy coat and sweater to work for the evening commute home. It could get a bit colder and blustery by sunset. Check back for updates! Confidence: Low

Jackson doesnt clarify target of controversial quoteBy Liz Clarke November 20 Follow @lizclarketweet
DeSean Jackson. (Matt Rourke/Associated Press)
It has been four days since Robert Griffin III made the comment in a lengthy postgame press conference that sparked a controversy.
His words — an attempt to make a point about personal responsibility — were taken out of context, cast as “ throwing teammates under the bus ” and seemingly provoked wide receiver DeSean Jackson to post a potent, if cryptic quote on Instagram , “You can’t do epic [stuff] with basic people.”
On Monday, Griffin clarified his intent during a team meeting, and Coach Jay Gruden called for a stop to anything that could be construed a bickering interviews or on social media.
On Thursday, Jackson was asked about his posting and did little to clarify to whom it was directed. “Whoever thought I was talking to him, then they can take it how it was taken,” Jackson told reporters after practice.
Jackson, 27, a seven-year NFL veteran, went on to say that criticism was a big part of life in the NFL and the only way to avoid was to play well.
“Depending how you play and how you show your game on Sundays or Mondays or Thursdays is what they critique you on,” said Jackson, whose 20.5-yard per catch average leads the league. “So the best thing you do is go out there and play at a high level and put everything else to the side and kind of erase what has happened and just play good on Sundays.
Jackson was the Redskins’ highest profile free-agent acquisition, signed after being released by Philadelphia, which won the NFC East last season.
He conceded that being part of losing season was “definitely frustrating.”
“I felt I played at a high level where I’ve been in my past,” Jackson said. “To come here now and kind of struggle and have a disappointing year is a tough situation to be in. But we all have to fight it out ourselves. We’re in it together.
“… Just got to do everything you can to play at a high level, play for pride. That the biggest thing. We’re 3-7, so obviously as far as playoffs, having the great season that we wanted to have is probably not in our sights right now. But at least we can go out there and play with dignity and play with pride, figure out how to finish strong.”
Veteran wide receiver Santana Moss said Thursday that he empathized with Griffin over the latest controversy, convinced his words had been misinterpreted in the media.
After accepting responsibility for his own poor play in Sunday’s 27-7 loss to Tampa Bay, Griffin noted that great NFL quarterbacks such as Peyton Manning and Aaron Rodgers “don’t play well if their guys don’t play well.”
“When you’ve got a guy who’s going through stuff he’s going through, you kind of feel bad for him,” Moss said of Griffin. “I think he got long-winded and went to saying something, trying to give [the media] the best that he could, and it came out wrong.
“He was just trying to give you the whole, clear view of what’s going on and why we’re not winning. He didn’t mean it. It came out the way it came out. I know he probably felt bad.”
Moss, for his part, said he learned a lesson about dealing with the media long ago.
“At the end of the day, I’ve always known that when you speak, be careful, because you never know,” Moss said. “I know right now dealing with the stuff he has to deal with, it’s probably brutal for him. I’m pretty sure he can handle it. He’s tough enough to stand tall with all this going on and go out and play football.”
More from The Post:

Airport First and Fourth Amendment claim may go forwardBy Eugene Volokh November 20 Follow @volokhc
So holds the New York intermediate appellate court in today’s Brown v. Hoffman ; the heart of the case is a dispute about what the plaintiff said and did, and it may well be that the defendant deputy sheriff is correct in his factual claims. But the case still struck me as an interesting illustration of how these sorts of claims — even in airports — are to be decided:
The undisputed proof in the record demonstrates that, on the day in question, plaintiff was lawfully at the airport to pick up her teenaged daughter who was scheduled to arrive on an incoming flight. When the daughter did not depart the plane as expected, however, plaintiff approached Jody Achilles, a U.S. Airways customer service representative, for assistance. Achilles informed plaintiff that her daughter’s flight had made an unexpected stop causing the daughter to miss her connecting flight, and Achilles advised plaintiff that her daughter would likely be on the next arrival from that airport. Other than to supply her with a telephone number, neither Achilles nor Melissa Abbott, another customer service representative, were able to further assist plaintiff, who admittedly became agitated and upset. Defendant thereafter appeared on the scene and, at a subsequent point, demanded that plaintiff leave the airport. When she refused to leave, defendant placed plaintiff under arrest. The facts, otherwise, remain largely in dispute.
In assessing whether defendant met his initial burden of establishing that he had arguable probable cause to arrest plaintiff for trespass, proof of defendant’s authority to issue the blanket order directing plaintiff to leave the public facility must be examined. This is so because the “right to exclude ‘has traditionally been considered one of the most treasured strands in an owner’s bundle of property rights,’” and, unless otherwise authorized, police do not have the inherent and general rights of a property owner. The record demonstrates that, on the day in question, defendant was a county employee working in the county airport, a public facility.
In support of his motion, defendant provided no proof that he was either prescribed by law or directed by the Tompkins County legislature to exercise any authority to lawfully order a citizen to leave this public property. Nor did defendant’s proffer demonstrate that he was asked to remove plaintiff from the airport property by someone with the authority to do so. Therefore, defendant did not establish as a matter of law that he had arguable probable cause to arrest plaintiff for criminal trespass because issues of fact exist as to whether, at the time of arrest, it was reasonable for defendant to believe that plaintiff was disobeying a lawful order.
Defendant’s alternative argument that he was entitled to summary judgment on this cause of action because he had arguable probable cause to arrest plaintiff for disorderly conduct likewise fails. A person is guilty of disorderly conduct when he or she “with intent to cause public inconvenience, annoyance or alarm, or recklessly creating a risk thereof” either “makes unreasonable noise” or “uses abusive or obscene language, or makes an obscene gesture” in a public space…. [The court then describes the factual claims by both sides, and concludes that] material issues of fact also persist as to whether or not defendant had arguable probable cause to arrest plaintiff for disorderly conduct….
[Defendant is also not entitled to] summary judgment on the causes of action based on the allegations of the excessive use of force and retaliation based on the use of protected speech…. [P]laintiff’s submissions [based on her account of the facts] raise an issue of fact as to the reasonableness of the force used. Specifically, plaintiff denies resisting defendant’s attempts to arrest her and testified that she did not attempt to physically pull away from defendant. Notably, plaintiff submitted medical evidence that indicated that, as a result of defendant’s actions in placing plaintiff under arrest, she suffered, among other things, a sprained wrist and a neck injury. In our view, the evidence that plaintiff was injured as a result of the manner of arrest, as well as plaintiff’s testimony that she did not resist defendant’s arrest, raise a material issue of fact as to the reasonableness of defendant’s use of force….
Lastly, inasmuch as plaintiff alleged that defendant arrested her in retaliation for her use of constitutionally protected speech, which is a violation of the 1st Amendment, … summary judgment was inappropriate with respect to this cause of action …. [A]s defendant failed to establish arguable probable cause that the content or manner in which plaintiff was speaking was or could be criminal or that it was otherwise properly prohibited in accordance with the 1st Amendment, he did not establish that any speech by plaintiff was unprotected….
Notably, defendant accused plaintiff of disorderly conduct, describing plaintiff as loud and boisterous and stating that plaintiff caused annoyance and alarm while also stating that she refused to answer any questions. When viewing the record in the light most favorable to plaintiff, as we must, and considering that there are issues of fact as to whether any such expression or speech could be criminalized or was instead protected speech, defendant’s proof in support of his motion fails to exclude, as a matter of law, the possibility that he arrested plaintiff because of her use of protected speech.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Japanese company plots $26 billion undersea AtlantisBy Ishaan Tharoor November 20 Follow @ishaantharoor
Illustration of the whole complex, from the sphere just beneath water's surface to the research station beneath the seabed. (Shimizu Corp.)
It's the next frontier: Not long after scientists landed a probe on a comet millions of miles away in deep space, a Japanese construction company has announced that it wants to go in the other direction .
Shimizu Corp. revealed blueprints for an astonishing undersea city: a vast research and residential station some 10 miles in length that begins just below the sea's surface and burrows beneath the ocean floor. Dubbed the 'Ocean Spiral,' the project is projected to cost $26 billion and take five years to complete, although the research for the technology required is still in its infancy. If ever completed, it would make real visions of a latter-day Atlantis in the deep .
It has the support of a myriad research firms and Japanese government agencies. A research station at the bottom of the structure would would study ways to excavate energy from beneath the sea floor. A 15-kilometer length spiral would coil up from there to a giant sphere some 1,500 feet in diameter that would have hotels, apartments and commercial areas, and could accommodate as many as 5,000 people.
Interior of the residential sphere. (Shimizu Corp.)
"This is just a blueprint by our company, but we are aiming to develop the technology that would enable us to build an underwater living space," a Shimizu spokesman told the Wall Street Journal . The ocean water temperature differentials between the various parts of the structure would help generate power.
The "blue garden" sphere at the top of the Ocean Spiral. (Shimizu Corp.)
Japanese construction companies are known for their outlandish aspirations. Obayashi Corp., a Shimizu rival, has already announced it plans to engineer a near 60,000-mile-long "elevator" into space, scheduled to be ready by 2050. Shimizu has already unveiled plans for a floating metropolis (see below) and a solar ring around the moon .
The Ocean Spiral blueprint comes at a time when an increasing number of governments, multinationals and international organizations are scratching their heads about how to cope with rising sea levels and the effects of climate change on those most vulnerable to it.
Christian Dimmer, an assistant professor of urban studies at Tokyo University, thinks such planning should not just be the preserve of powerful private corporations. He tells the Guardian :
We had this in Japan in the 1980s, when the same corporations were proposing underground and ‘swimming’ cities and 1km-high towers as part of the rush to development during the height of the bubble economy. It’s good that many creative minds are picking their brains as to how to deal with climate change, rising sea levels and the creation of resilient societies – but I hope we don’t forget to think about more open and democratic urban futures in which citizens can take an active role in their creation, rather than being mere passengers in a corporation’s sealed vision of utopia.
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.

Rampal sent to judicial custody till November 28EYE BROWSE
Rampal sent to judicial custody till November 28
Rampal's counsel, in a statement submitted to the court, claimed that Rampal was held in captivity by his followers inside the ashram and he could not appear before the court earlier due to this.
Yahoo India –  Thu 20 Nov, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: Refusing to listen to controversial sect leader Rampal's plea that he could not appear before the court as he was 'kept in captivity' by his followers at his ashram, the Punjab and Haryana High Court Thursday directed that he be kept in police custody till Nov 28.
The court also asked the Haryana DGP to submit an affidavit detailing the operation conducted by the police to arrest the self-styled guru.
A division bench of Justice M. Jeyapaul and Justice Darshan Singh directed the Haryana Director General of Police (DGP) to file a comprehensive affidavit on the operation conducted to arrest Rampal.
It also asked the DGP to report on the nature of resistance offered by Rampal's followers, the casualties and injuries, and recovery of arms and ammunition from his ashram during the operation, amicus curie Anupam Gupta told media here after Rampal was finally presented before the high court.
Amicus curiae Anupam Gupta told reporters: "At about half past one, this afternoon Rampal was taken in custody in courtroom number 10, where the division bench met at 2 pm. The division bench has directed the Director General of Police, Haryana, to submit by the next date, November 28, a comprehensive affidavit, exhaustively spelling out the operation conducted by the police to execute the warrant of arrest against Rampal.
The nature of the resistance put up, the casualties suffered, the injuries incurred and all relevant facts and circumstances relating to the operation, including recovery of arms and ammunitions from the ashram."
The court further asked Haryana's Chief Secretary, to submit a report regarding assets owned by Rampal.
"The division bench further directed the Chief Secretary, Haryana to submit a report regarding the properties owned by Rampal. On the next date of hearing that is 28 of November, Rampal has been directed to be produced before the High Court. The bench has also asked me as amicus curiae ....to address the bench on the next date of hearing as regards the proper place where the trial of the murder case against Rampal and others can be conducted," Gupta said.
Meanwhile, the police has been asked to submit detailed account statement on the expenditure incurred to carry out the operation in order to arrest the godman.
The self-styled godman was arrested by the state police late Wednesday evening after a stand-off with his followers for nearly 10 days and violent clashes between both sides Tuesday. Rampal was presented before the high court in connection with a contempt of court case.
Six people, including five women and an infant, died during the stand-off and clashes while nearly 300 people were injured. Police arrested key aides of Rampal and nearly 450 others who indulged in violence.
Rampal's counsel, in a statement submitted to the court, claimed that Rampal was held in captivity by his followers inside the ashram and he could not appear before the court earlier due to this.
The high court earlier Thursday cancelled Rampal's bail in a 2006 murder case. Rampal was sent to police lock-up in Panchkula from the General Hospital.
Police evacuated more than 10,000 followers on Wednesday from the fortified compound of a bizarre cult headed by Rampal before capturing him late in the evening.
Rampal, as the 63-year-old former engineer is known to his followers, was shown in TV news footage gripping the bars of a holding cell. He had been wanted for ignoring more than 40 court summonses in connection with a murder case.
"I am innocent," Rampal told reporters as he was brought out, handcuffed, from a court in the northwestern city of Chandigarh. "All allegations against me are false."
Police used tear gas, water cannon and bulldozers to storm Rampal's 12-acre (5-hectare) base on Wednesday, breaching resistance from a human chain of supporters outside, and men throwing stones and bottles filled with acid from its roof. (Agencies)
Recommend

Unsustainable tax demand will give India a bad name  says Arun Jaitley'Corporate governance better, women representation still abysmal'
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said that an unsustainable tax demand would only earn the country a bad name as an investment destination, comments that come in the wake of tax department losing its battle against Shell in Mumbai High Court.
“Unsustainable demand won’t get you taxes. Unsustainable demands in the books can show you in good glory, but eventually those taxes will be blocked in some judicial court proceedings…they would have only earned us a bad name as an investment destination,” he said at the HT Leadership Summit.
He, however, maintained that those who are supposed to pay taxes must pay.
Jaitley’s comments come in the wake of Mumbai High Court order earlier this week wherein Income-Tax Department lost its Rs 18,000-crore transfer pricing cases against oil major Shell India.
Already the government is engaged in a Rs 20,000 crore tax dispute with British telecom major Vodafone.
Referring to retrospective amendments to the tax laws by the UPA government, Jaitley said, if it is not investor friendly, people would start looking elsewhere.
He further said making taxation regime investor friendly and streamlining the procedure for land acquisition are the big challenges facing the government.
“Undoing a lot of taxation decisions is quite challenging, but that necessarily does not involve a legislative action. Only some areas require action,” he told the gathering.
Jaitley, however, took comfort from the fact that taxation laws are the domain of the Lok Sabha in which the NDA has majority.
The Minister said though it managed to get the mess concerning allocation of coal blocks cleared with ease, resolving other issues remain a challenge.
When asked the three specific reforms he would like to get passed in the ensuing Winter session of Parliament, Jaitley said he would like insurance, coal laws and Goods and Services tax (GST) to be cleared.
He said there are political risks to reforms and those in government would have to adequately blend the economic reforms with politics.
“Economic reforms have also to be blended with competent and clever politics. Reforms alone by themselves are not enough, if they have to survive politically, the blending has to be adequately done by those involved. And I am sure it is one area both my party and government is paying adequate attention,” Jaitley said.
On black money in the country, he said, real estate, jewellery market, luxury market and mining are the sectors in which they are prevalent. The Minister said he has asked the chief commissioners of direct taxes to look into these sectors.
As regards black money stashed abroad, he said his government would follow legally the right course.
“If you make an adventurist step and make every name available, without any supporting evidence, breach your international treaties, you are not going to be only disadvantaged by future non-cooperation, but also nobody will want to provide you with supporting evidence,” he said.
On privatisation, he said, principally he has always been for privatisation in sectors where government can get out. “Not only the mindset of polity has to change but also all other agencies will have to change,” he said, adding that the civil servants cannot work in an oppressive environment.
“While our accountability norms has to be very tight, but government taking commercial decision can never do it in an oppressive environment. As part of our reform process, we will also have areas which at some stage require to be considered by the larger political system,” he said.
Jaitley also said government would be able to meet the direct tax target, though indirect tax remains a “challenge” as manufacturing sector was a great source of worry.
The Finance Minister also expressed concern over banks become defensive in lending in the wake of high stressed assets.
He said the NPAs had come down to 2 per cent of total advances after implementation of SARFAESI Act, but have now again risen to 5 per cent.
“This has put banks on backfoot and made them defensive,” he said, adding slowdown in credit offtake was a cause of concern. Bankers, he said, have been asked to push up lending.
Referring to the land acquisition bill, Jaitley said, the NDA government did not have any problem in farmers getting higher compensation but the real issue was procedure.
“I have really no quarrel with the compensation part. Farmers in India are entitled for higher compensation, but the procedural part of the land law is a big problem and it will require a lot of efforts to simplify those procedures”, he said.
When asked if he expect RBI to cut interest rate in its December 2 monetary policy, Jaitley said: “I have lot of patience.”
On relationship between the Finance Ministry and Reserve Bank, he said “I don’t think there is any requirement for a knee-jerk reaction. I consider it (discussions) only a part of a healthy debate”.
On Supreme Court’s observations on CBI Director Ranjit Sinha, Jaitley said governments should be extremely careful while making appointments to such high posts.
“I have been looking at the law that applies, whether it’s a gap in the law or otherwise. One has to seriously examine who has the power to do that. Because now the new appointing authority is a collegium, I think governments have to be extremely careful when they make appointments for this purpose,” he said.
In a humiliation just days before retirement, CBI Director Sinha was yesterday removed by the Supreme Court from the 2G scam cases, saying the allegations against him of protecting some accused appears to be “prima facie credible”.
Recalling the events leading to appointment of Sinha in 2012, Jaitley said the CBI Director was appointed by the previous UPA government just a day before a Parliament select committee report on Lok Pal Bill that provided for the procedure of such appointment was to be tabled in Rajya Sabha.
“At 11 am that report was to be tabled and this appointment was made the previous evening at 9 pm. The next day Sushma Sushma Swaraj and I wrote to the Prime Minister (Manmohan Singh) that on what criteria have you done this…” he said.
TAGS: Arun Jaitley Indian Economy
More from economy

Daniel Sturridge breaks down again with new thighinjuryLiverpool have struggled in Daniel Sturridge's absence (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Liverpool | Posted: November 21, 2014 4:34 pm
Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge has broken down again with another injury to his left thigh, extending the England international’s long spell out of the team.
Sturridge, who has not played since August because of injury, tore a muscle in a training session on Tuesday.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says it is the ninth injury to that thigh over his career “so there is an issue there somewhere.”
Liverpool says the club “will launch an investigation into his injury issues.”
Sturridge, the second top scorer in the Premier League last season, has been sidelined with two separate thigh injuries as well as a calf problem this season.
Liverpool have struggled in Sturridge’s absence, with fellow strikers Mario Balotelli, Fabio Borini and Rickie Lambert still without a league goal.

Roundup: Our favourite weddings of 2014Bollywood and TV Celebrity Weddings of 2014
Bollywoodshaadis.com –  Thu 20 Nov, 2014 4:55 PM IST
Share 0
For film and television fans, 2014 has thrown many amazing surprises. Many lovebirds tied the knot in the big fat filmy style while others chose to go hush-hush and announced it later. Some had been dating for ages while others didn’t see it coming! Here, we bring to you the best of the celebrity weddings in 2014.
Recommended Read:
 
Vir Das and Shivani Mathur
Latest wedding news from B-town that has reached our ears is that of the funny man, Vir Das. In a hush-hush ceremony, attended by just 100-odd guests, Vir Das married his long-time girlfriend Shivani Mathur, in Sri Lanka. Talking about the low-key affair, Vir Das has been quoted by a leading daily, confessing that he deliberately wanted to keep it all private. That is why; he had even banned usage of cell phones during the three-day wedding celebrations.
 
 
Vir Das was quoted saying, "Cell phones were banned during the three-day celebrations. But it was an eventful affair- there was a bar in the middle of a pool, water slides, mechanical rodeo bulls and two rock bands.” He further added, "I wrote my bride a song and performed it live to loud cheers." The only thing that no one seems to be sure about this wedding is its exact date. While the reports of the wedding came out on November 19, many leading dailies have cited either October 19 or October 24 as their wedding date.
 
Arpita Khan and Aayush Sharma
November 2014 also became the witness to Salman Khan’s sister Arpita Khan’s wedding. On November 18, 2014, Arpita married boyfriend, Aayush Sharma, in a grand wedding in Hyderabad. It was a star-studded affair with who’s who from Bollywood and also from the political arena attending it. The grand celebrations that lasted for three days, were filled with too many high-points.
 
Pulkit Samrat and Shweta Rohira
Pulkit Samrat, known for his performance in Fukrey, married his girlfriend Shweta Rohira, on November 3. They had a destination wedding at Goa. Shweta Rohira also happens to be the ‘rakhi sister’ of the Bhai of Bollywood, Salman Khan. Well, Salman not only attended the wedding as Shweta’s brother, but also did her kanyadaan. 
Images Courtesy: The Wedding Story
 
Gaurav Kapur and Kirat Bhattal
VJ-turned-actor, Gaurav Kapur, who is well known as the sports anchor of Indian Premier League cricket matches, tied the knot with his long-time girlfriend Kirat Bhattal, on November 2. The wedding was held in Chandigarh. It was an intimate ceremony attended by close friends and family. As the couple posed with their friends and family, they simply looked like a picture-perfect jodi.
 
Dia Mirza and Sahil Sangha
On October 18, Hyderabadi princess of Bollywood, Dia Mirza married her long-time beau and filmmaker Sahil Sangha in Delhi. Although the two knew each other since 2009, it was only earlier this year that Sahil “officially” proposed Dia, in New York. The couple had four-day long celebration, where they had a lot of pre-wedding as well as wedding functions.
 
Nikitin Dheer and Kratika Sengar
On September 4, 2014, Nikitin and Kratika tied the knot. Nikitin gained popularity with his role of Tangballi in Chennai Express while Kratika starred in the hit show, Punar Vivah. Their love story is rather unique. When Nikitin’s father, Pankaj Dheer, met Kratika for the first time during an audition for a short film, he had an instant liking for her. He even went on to say that he would love her to be his daughter-in-law. As luck would have it, Nikitin and Kratika did end up falling in love with each other.
 
Aftab Shivdasani and Nin Dusanj
After dating for over two years, actor Aftab Shivdasani got hitched to girlfriend Nin Dusanj on June 11. Actor Kabir Bedi broke the news on twitter, as he wished the couple. After a series of failed relationships, Aftab found love in the British-born Indian luxury brand consultant, Nin, when she moved to India, from Hong Kong, in 2012. They had met through common friends. Aftab had already declared his intentions to get married in 2014, last year. After the private ceremony, the couple plans to have a grand celebration by the end of the year.
 
Arijit Singh and Koel Roy
Bollywood's latest singing sensation, Arijit Singh, tied the knot with his childhood sweetheart, Koel Roy, on January 20. This is the second marriage for both of them. Arijit was previously married to one of his co-contestants from a reality show that he had participated in a few years back. The news came as a surprise to everyone, as the singer had never discussed his relationships in public.
 
Rani Mukerji and Aditya Chopra
Rani and Aditya surprised everyone on April 21, when they announced getting married in a private ceremony in Italy. Although they had kept the media wondering for a really long time, a lot was written and speculated about the couple after Rani was seen celebrating Diwali with the Chopras last year. The couple was supposed to get married in February this year, but it was postponed.
 
The couple had a traditional Bengali wedding in Italy, where a pundit was flown in. Rani dressed in a red and gold Banarasi saree in Bengali style while Aditya wore a cream-coloured dhoti and kurta. ( Read the details here )
 
Ahana Deol and Vaibhav Vohra
Yesteryear superstars, Hema Malini and Dharmendra’s younger daughter, Ahana, found her match in Delhi-based businessman, Vaibhav Vohra, at sister Esha’s wedding in 2012. Ahana and Vaibhav tied the knot on February 2 this year, in an elaborate and star-studded wedding, with ceremonies taking place in Mumbai and Delhi. Read the Complete Coverage of the Ahana-Vaibhav Wedding , and Watch Ahana's Fairytale Wedding Video Here .
 
John Abraham and Priya Runchal
On January 2, 2014, Bollywood heartthrob John Abraham wished everyone a Happy New Year and gave out something unexpected- his marriage to girlfriend Priya Runchal, an investment banker from Los Angeles ( Read the full story here ). He tweeted, “Wishing you and your loved ones a blessed 2014! May this year bring you love, good fortune and joy. Love, John and Priya Abraham” However, though there have been reports saying that the couple got married long time back, it is still believed that they tied the knot as they welcomed 2014. The duo met in 2010, in a gym in Bandra. Before this, John was in a long-term relationship with actress Bipasha Basu.
 
Sameera Reddy and Akshai Varde
Actress Sameera Reddy’s wedding to bike designer and entrepreneur, Akshai Varde, on January 21, came as a surprise to everyone. The couple was originally slated to tie the knot in April. The wedding was a traditional Maharashtrian one, amidst close friends and family. The highlight of the wedding was Akshai making a grand entrance on a self-designed, custom-made bike!
 
Raageshwari Loomba and Sudhanshu Swaroop
Bigg Boss 5 participant and singer, Raageshwari Loomba, tied the knot with London-based, human rights barrister, Sudhanshu Swaroop, on January 27 this year. The couple was introduced to each other by "friends and family", after which they continued communicating online, and finally knew “this was it!” The singer moved to London after the wedding.
 
Rannvijay Singha and Prianka Vohra
MTV VJ and Bollywood actor Rannvijay Singha married his London-based girlfriend Prianka Vohra, in Mombasa, Kenya, on April 10, this year. The roka and sagai were held in Dubai and London respectively. Rannvijay made an official announcement on twitter about his wedding plans. Later, his friends and TV producers, Raghu and Rajiv, decided to showcase the wedding online as a webshow, Hitched, on YouTube. Rannvijay and Prianka had a traditional Sikh wedding. ( Here is Rannvijay and Prianka's Complete Wedding Story )
 
Toshi Sabri and Amna
Unlike most couples, singer Toshi Sabri didn’t even get a chance to talk to Mumbai girl, Amna, before they tied the knot on January 11! The traditional arranged marriage took place amidst friends and family, at Amna’s place in Mumbai. Toshi later hosted a reception for his friends in Bollywood.
 
Rakshanda Khan and Sachin Tyagi
Actors Rakshanda Khan and Sachin Tyagi met while shooting for the dance reality show, Kabhi Kabhii Pyaar Kabhi Kabhii Yaar, in 2008. After a long afair, they tied the knot on March 15, this year, in the presence of family and many friends from the television industry.
 
Raghav Sachar and Amita Pathak
Singer Raghav Sachar got married to girlfriend, Amita Pathak, on January 21, this year. Their star-studded wedding was attended by Bollywood bigwigs and many noted names. Amita is the daughter of producer Kumar Mangat, and a budding actress. The couple had been dating for a long time.
 
Jay Soni and Pooja Shah
TV actor Jay Soni of Sasural Genda Phool, tied the knot with Pooja Shah, a footwear designer, on February 18 this year. It was an arranged marriage, but Jay and Pooja had known each other for a long time. Jay confessed being “completely in love with her”. A romantic at heart, he was actually planning to get married on Valentine’s Day, but could not.
 
Ruslaan Mumtaz and Nirali Mehta
Actress Anjana Mumtaz's son, Ruslaan Mumtaz, lead actor from the TV show, Kehta Hai Dil Jee Le Zara, had a court marriage with girlfriend, Nirali Mehta, on Valentine’s Day this year. After that, the couple had a traditional Gujarati wedding on March 2. Ruslaan met Nirali, a wealth manager, at Shaimak Davar’s dance academy, and they had been dating for the past nine years. Apparently, Shaimak was instrumental in getting the two together. 
 
Siddharth Kannan and Neha Agarwal
Popular RJ and host, Siddharth Kannan, announced his marriage to Neha Agarwal, on Facebook, giving all the details there- "I am a married man. Mehendi, sangeet, wedding, reception on the beach at Vivanta by Taj - Fisherman's Cove - Covelong beach! My wife Neha Agarwal wearing Sabyasachi Mukherjee & I'm wearing Narendra Kumar Ahmed!" Siddharth’s mother introduced him to Neha, a Chennai-based PR and marketing professional, some time back. The couple got hitched on February 4, and the wedding was attended by the who’s who of B-town.
 
Deepika Singh and Rohit Raj
Deepika Singh, the lead actress of Diya Aur Baati Hum, got married to Rohit Raj, the director of the show on May 2, in a traditional ceremony in Mumbai. Though the couple worked together, cupid didn’t strike immediately. It was during Deepika’s sister’s wedding that her parents met Rohit, and were charmed by him. They arranged the marriage, and the couple, incidentally, fell in love, too.
 
Kanan Malhotra and Aakanksha Dhingra
Television actor Kanan Malhotra, who was last seen in Rab Se Sohna Isshq, married Aakanksha Dhingra, an interior designer from Delhi, on May 1. It was an arranged marriage and the couple got engaged on December 26. The big fat shaadi, in Delhi, was full of bhangra and music. The couple later hosted a reception for friends and the television fraternity in Mumbai. Kanan was earlier in a relationship with actress Ekta Kaul, and the two were set to get married last year, but parted ways.
YOU MAY LIKE TO READ:
1 - 4 of 50

Sensex  Nifty hit fresh peaks as banking stocks rally on Kotak-ING Vysya dealReliance Industries among Barclays' top 133 stock picks for 2015
Indian stocks today notched up their best gain in three weeks with benchmark Sensex surging 267 points and Nifty jumping by 75.45 points to hit new highs powered by a spurt in shares of lenders after Kotak Mahindra-ING Vysya announced India’s biggest banking merger.
The mood was positive across global markets after US shares provided another record-breaking lead yesterday.
Expectations that government will come out with more reforms in Winter session of Parliament also influenced sentiments, brokers said, adding that speedy cabinet approvals for development of infrastructure gave a boost.
The local currency also scripted a pull-back after plunging to 9-month low of 62.25 against US dollar yesterday. Rupee was last trading at 61.78 levels.
Besides banking sector, capital goods, consumer durables, oil & gas, FMCG, auto, realty and power stocks helped the BSE index settle at 28,334.63 — a new record at closing — gaining 267.07 points, or 0.95 per cent. Its previous record closing high was 28,177.88 reached on November 17.
Intra-day, it touched a new lifetime high of 28,360.66, bettering its previous record of 28,294.01 hit on November 19.
Heavyweights such as RIL, Hindalco, Cipla, BHEL, Hero Motocorp, ITC Ltd and L&T provided solid support.
The 50-scrip NSE Nifty went up by 75.45 points, or 0.90 per cent, to close at fresh high of 8,477.35, beating its earlier record high of 8,430.75 hit on November 17.
The index also touched lifetime high of 8,489.80, surpassing its previous record of 8,455.65 on November 19.
Kotak Mahindra Bank yesterday evening announced the buyout of ING Vysya Bank in an all-stock deal valued at Rs 15,000 crore, which is likely to set off consolidation moves.
Shares of Kotak Bank continued their rally, surging by 3.68 percent. ING Vysya counter ended 2 percent up. Other prominent gainers were Axis Bank, SBI, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank. They gained in 1-3 percent band.Yes Bank rose 4 percent.
Smaller peers, like City Union Bank, DCB, Dhanlaxmi Bank, Federal Bank and Karnataka Bank, logged 2-5 per cent gains.
Sectorally, the BSE Bankex rose 2.37 per cent, the best among peers. It was followed by the Capital Goods that rose 1.32 per cent, FMCG index 0.90 per cent, Consumer Durables 0.84 per cent and Oil & Gas index 0.86 per cent.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth a net Rs 477.15 crore yesterday, according to exchanges.
TAGS: Bse BSE Sensex Kotak Mahindra Bank
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

eBay brings  Black Friday  sale to India  offers up to 80% discounts on US-based productsB Ramalinga Raju, eight others get 6 months in jail in income tax case
E-commerce major eBay has partnered with shopyourworld.com to introduce ‘Black Friday’ sale in India that will go on from today till November 30, 2014.
Under the offer, eBay will offer the bargains on US-based products at India pricing as well as free shipping across the country through products purchased via Global Easy Buy, eBay India said in a statement.
Black Friday is the Friday following Thanksgiving Day in the US, often regarded as the beginning of the Christmas shopping season. It is known for best deals on products and is the biggest shopping day in the US.
“We are delighted to provide Indian consumers easy access to the best of Black Friday deals on products available in the US and that too in real time.
“Along with ShopYourWorld.com, we will be listing over 10,000 deals on ebay.in under the Black Friday sale,” eBay India Director and Business Head Vidmay Naini said.
These products will be available to consumers in Indian rupees at a price which will be inclusive of all import duties, international shipping charges and other charges as applicable in India, it added.
During the sale, customers can look forward to purchasing technology and lifestyle products at discounts up to 80 per cent.
eCommerce in India is growing at a massive pace.
According to reports, the segment is expected to grow from about USD 3 billion to USD 15 billion in the next two years.
Major players like Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon have, in the last two months, offered discount schemes on specific days, in sync with the festive season in the country.
In December, tech giant Google will host the third edition of its annual Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF), which will see participation from eCommerce players as well as large FMCG and consumer durable brands.
More from companies

PM Modi to make two-day maiden visit to Nagaland from Nov30By: Press Trust of India | Kohima | Posted: November 21, 2014 5:11 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will make a two-day maiden visit to Nagaland from November 30, officials said here today.
The Prime Minister will arrive in Nagaland on November 30 and will grace the Hornbill Festival on December 1 as chief guest, the officials said.
A coordination meeting of the top state government officials and the central departments in the state were held at the at the office chamber of the principal secretary and Home Commissioner Nagaland today, they said.
Chairing the meeting, the Home Commissioner Pankaj Kumar called upon all the concerned departments and organizations for cooperation to provide the best accommodation and a comfortable stay of the Prime Minister and his entourage.

TMC Rajya Sabha MP Srinjay Bose arrested in SaradhacaseBose is the second TMC MP and third TMC leader to be arrested in connection with the scam.
Written by Madhuparna Das | Kolkata | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:50 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 5:25 pm
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Friday arrested Trinamool Congress Rajya Sabha MP Srinjoy Bose after questioning him for six hours in connection with the Saradha chit fund scam. Sources said Bose was arrested for failing to explain alleged financial transactions between him and Saradha group CMD Sudipta Sen, who is currently in jail.
Bose is the second TMC MP and third TMC leader to be arrested in connection with the scam. Bose, who is also the editor of Bengali daily Sambad Protidin and is in the editorial board of TMC mouthpiece Jago Bangla, was booked on charges of  “criminal conspiracy, misappropriation of funds and deriving undue advantage” from Saradha group. 
Also Read: TMC is a cheat party; Mamata should start writing her resignation letter: BJP
The TMC reacted sharply to the arrest. Party national spokesperson and Rajya Sabha MP Derek O’Brien said, “The CBI is a political tool used by the previous government to settle political scores. Now the BJP is doing an action replay. They cannot combat the Trinamool politically. They have tried and failed. So what do they do? Let loose a discredited CBI.”
The arrest came a day after the Enforcement Directorate, which is running a parallel investigation to unearth the money trail, sealed five bank accounts — two personal accounts of Bose and three of his newspaper.
Also read: Day after suicide bid, Ghosh pleads: ‘arrest main culprits’ 
Bose’s arrest came as a setback to Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, who attacked the CBI for a “flawed investigation” at a public meeting in Kalyani, just minutes before the investigating agency formally announced the arrest in the afternoon. Instead of investigating who cheated the common people and trying to return their money, the central agency was probing who cheated the Saradha group, Mamata said. “It is acting like a ‘dalal’ for the thieves,” she said. 
In the morning, before entering the CBI office here, Bose appeared composed as he told reporters that had been summoned as an “witness” in the case. “As a law abiding citizen of the country I would cooperate with the investigators,” he said. 
Bose is the son of shipping magnet Swapan Sadhan Bose, popular as Tutu Bose, who was a TMC RS MP till he made way for his son in 2012. Bose and Kunal Ghosh became MPs around the same time and were Mamata’s choice to represent the media world.
Also read: Facing CBI summons, Transport Minister Madan Mitra shifts from private clinic to government hospital
Announcing Bose’s arrest, CBI’s Kanchan Prasad said, “Bose has been arrested in the Saradha chit fund scam in Bengal for his prima facie involvement in the case.” 
CBI sources said Bose could not explain the “financial transactions of Rs 10 crore between his company and the Saradha group”. It was learnt that Saradha CMD Sudipta Sen during interrogation told continued…

Oppo N1 review: Are you willing to pay a premium for thecameraPrint
OPPO N1 Mini is priced at Rs 26,990
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 5:00 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 5:02 pm
The Oppo N1 Mini is predictably a carbon copy of the Oppo N1, though a small copy as this has a 5-inch screen instead of the 5.9 inches on big brother. It is among the most interesting phones released this year. It is interesting primarily because the phone came with a rotating camera which negated the need for a good front facing camera. However, the N1 was a flagship phone beyond the reach of many selfie junkies. Enter the Oppo N1 Mini, the budget version of the N1.
Read the full review here
In the present scenario, when affordable value for money Android phones are flooding the market you will be paying a premium to buy this phone at its present price tag. Go ahead if you think a rotating camera which promises good results and great build quality are worth extra moolah you will pay for this phone.

Ebola blood stolen by bandits inGuineaPrint
By: Associated Press | Posted: November 21, 2014 4:51 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 4:54 pm
Officials in Guinea say bandits during a roadside robbery stole a cooler containing blood samples that are believed to have Ebola.
National health officials said Friday the vehicle was transporting test tubes containing blood. It was traveling from Kankan prefecture in central Guinea to a test site in Gueckedou, in the south.
Guinea Red Cross press officer Faya Etienne Tolno said the bandits held up the minibus taxi carrying the samples from a suspected Ebola patient on Wednesday. Why they took the blood samples is unknown.
Officials appealed on national radio for the thieves to return the potentially dangerous blood samples.
Ebola, which has killed more than 5,000 people in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, is spread primarily by contact with infected bodily fluids including blood, feces and vomit.

Why is Amitabh Bachchan being untruthful tohimselfThe 72-year-old attended 45th edition of the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) along with superstar Rajinikanth in Goa Thursday.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Posted: November 21, 2014 4:44 pm
Megastar Amitabh Bachchan says he is being untruthful to himself as he broke his promise by munching in on a chocolate.
“I have been untruthful to myself… giving up chocolates was my desire among many other desires, to abstain from…nothing religious or of medicinal compulsion… just…
“But that ‘just’ just got broken… the eyes drooped shut, they had a journey of their own and a thought too… they desired retirement… but a Snickers saved the night, but destroyed the abstained will,” he shared on his official blog srbachchan.tumblr.com.
“Making do with ‘saunf’ now and tons of it… why not… what shall I do with all that is mine… convert it to the next or build it in a manner which they can use everyday – a will a dictate an idea to me, to think and resolve and perhaps have chance to do again,” the actor further posted.
The 72-year-old attended 45th edition of the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) along with superstar Rajinikanth in Goa Thursday. The actor also shared some photographs of the ceremony.

Here s a tip: Stop giving your workers holiday behavior...And that's the idea. If you must give your employees tips on what to do and not do at work during the holidays, please give them these. Then at least they'll know you're joking.
I've broken them into categories for ease of use. You're welcome.
Halloween
1) If you dress as a stripper (male or female), do not bring a stripper pole to work. The pole could fall and strike a co-worker on the head, rendering her or him incapable of watching you get fired for coming to work dressed as a stripper.
2) Do not convert your cubicle into a scale model of a rickety 19th century mansion, install smoke machines in the windows and hire local actors to dress as maniacal, chain saw-wielding killers. And definitely don't instruct those actors to jump out at co-workers who pass by and scream in their faces. And absolutely refrain from opening a swirling portal to a hellish netherworld in the break room fridge.
3) If you're bothered by co-workers bringing Halloween candy into the office because you're trying to cut back on sweets, type all of your concerns into an email, making sure to detail the types of candy, serving sizes and levels of deliciousness. Then send that email to yourself, print it out, throw it in the garbage and practice some self-control. You're an adult, for Pete's sake.
Thanksgiving
1) Do not bring live turkeys into the office.
2) Do not bring smallpox into the office.
3) Do not bring anything containing pumpkin spice into the office, because, c'mon, enough with that stuff already. Geez.
Christmas/'The Holidays'
1) At the office holiday party, please refrain from drinking alcohol through funnels and then Xeroxing any portions of your anatomy or the anatomy of your co-workers. Do not run naked through the hallways or share your most intimate secrets with colleagues who aren't quite sure which department you work in. Don't throw up in your supervisor's ficus, and don't ask the company president if you can "crash" on her or his couch.
2) If you celebrate Christmas, do not set up a live nativity scene in the conference room or parade around the office dressed as a shepherd yelling, "My religious celebration is superior to yours!" while wearing an oversized foam No. 1 finger.
3) Do not bring fruitcake into the office. Ever. Just don't do it. Nobody likes it, and nobody likes the people who like it. Your cubicle walls are actually made of reprocessed fruitcake. Seriously. You keep that fruitcake to yourself, weirdo.
4) Saying, "See you next year!" on New Year's Eve day is a fireable offense.
That pretty well covers things. If you're a boss or manager, just ship this list out to your employees and rest easy knowing the holiday season do's and don'ts are covered.
You'll feel good, they won't feel insulted and everyone can get back to work.
TALK TO REX: Ask workplace questions — anonymously or by name — and share stories with Rex Huppke at IJustWorkHere@tribune.com , follow him on Twitter via @RexWorksHere and find more at chicagotribune.com/ijustworkhere.

Cubs pin hopes on elusive TV dealChicago Tribune philrosenthal @chicagotribune.com
phil_rosenthal RT @WillardOfOdds: In 2019, Chicago's minimum wage of $13 may not seem such a big deal http://t.co/l5SLGyQHb5
Caption Wrigley Field groundbreaking ceremony
Armando L. Sanchez / Chicago Tribune
Cubs owner Tom Ricketts walks past Wrigley Field after attending the ceremony.
Cubs owner Tom Ricketts walks past Wrigley Field after attending the ceremony. (Armando L. Sanchez / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Wrigley Field groundbreaking ceremony
Armando L. Sanchez / Chicago Tribune
Mayor Rahm Emanuel addresses members of the audience and media.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel addresses members of the audience and media. (Armando L. Sanchez / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Wrigley Field groundbreaking ceremony
Armando L. Sanchez / Chicago Tribune
Hard hats are left on chairs for attendees.
Hard hats are left on chairs for attendees. (Armando L. Sanchez / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Wrigley Field groundbreaking ceremony
Armando L. Sanchez / Chicago Tribune
From left, Alderman Tom Tunney, Alderman Pat O'Connor, Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Tom Ricketts, Bud Selig, and Laura Ricketts break ground on the Wrigley Field restoration project.
From left, Alderman Tom Tunney, Alderman Pat O'Connor, Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Tom Ricketts, Bud Selig, and Laura Ricketts break ground on the Wrigley Field restoration project. (Armando L. Sanchez / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Wrigley Field groundbreaking ceremony
Armando L. Sanchez / Chicago Tribune
Construction begins as Wrigley Field undergoes restoration.
Construction begins as Wrigley Field undergoes restoration. (Armando L. Sanchez / Chicago Tribune)
The Chicago Cubs think they have 2020 vision. It's not as clear as they think, thanks to TV.
What local broadcast TV station will the Cubs call home? Seriously. Do you know?
The Chicago Cubs think they have 2020 vision. It's not as clear as they believe. That's what happens when you spend too much time staring at the television.
And now it's going to be all about the television.
The Cubs are talking about the TV windfall they expect to realize beginning in the year 2020 as if it's the catalyst for turning from perennial also-rans into consistent World Series contenders, the same way they used to talk about the money that would roll in if only they could just gain approval for their Wrigley Field plans.
  Open link
As the team moved closer to last weekend's ceremonial groundbreaking, we heard less about how new Wrigley revenue from ads and accommodations for moneyed elite that prefers not to mingle with ballpark hoi polloi would make the Cubs competitive with their peers on the field and in the ledgers after the 2019 season, when the team's current local cable TV deal with Comcast SportsNet Chicago is set to expire.
There's reason to think this may not play out exactly as they anticipate, but "always have a good excuse" is a time-honored sports marketing maxim.

Office for National StatisticsChart 1.2 looks in more detail at the employment rate for the last five years.
Chart 1.2: Employment rate (aged 16 to 64), seasonally adjusted
Source: Labour Force Survey - Office for National Statistics
Download chart
XLS format
(32.5 Kb)
73.0% of people aged from 16 to 64 were in work for June to August 2014. This was:
up slightly from 72.9% for March to May 2014,
up from 71.5% for a year earlier, and
equal to the pre-downturn peak of 73.0% recorded for early 2008.
Looking at employment rates by gender, for June to August 2014, 77.9% of men and 68.1% of women aged from 16 to 64 were in work. These employment rates for men and women were higher than those for a year earlier. The employment rate for men was lower than before the 2008/09 downturn, when it peaked at 79.1% in late 2007/early 2008. However the employment rate for women was the highest since comparable records begin in 1971.
There were 30.76 million people in work for June to August 2014, 46,000 more than for March to May 2014 and 736,000 more than a year earlier. The increase of 46,000 between March to May and June to August 2014 is the smallest quarterly increase since March to May 2013.
Looking at type of employment, between June to August 2013 and June to August 2014, the number of:
employees working full-time increased by 422,000 to reach 19.15 million.
employees working part-time increased by 62,000 to reach 6.84 million.
self-employed people working full-time increased by 187,000 to reach 3.25 million.
self-employed people working part-time increased by 92,000 to reach 1.27 million.
unpaid family workers increased by 10,000 to reach 126,000. See Note 2 at the end of this section for an explanation of the coverage of this series.
people on government supported training and employment programmes decreased by 37,000 to reach 128,000. See Note 3 at the end of this section for an explanation of the coverage of this series.
Looking at full-time and part-time working by gender, between June to August 2013 and June to August 2014, Chart 1.3 shows that the number of:
men working full-time increased by 361,000 to reach 14.21 million,
men working part-time was little changed at 2.15 million,
women working full-time increased by 231,000 to reach 8.27 million, and
women working part-time increased by 138,000 to reach 6.13 million.
Chart 1.3: Changes in people in employment between June to August 2013 and June to August 2014, seasonally adjusted
Source: Labour Force Survey - Office for National Statistics
Download chart
(25 Kb)
Notes for Employment
Employment consists of employees, self-employed people, unpaid family workers and people on government supported training and employment programmes.
Unpaid family workers are people who work in a family business who do not receive a formal wage or salary but benefit from the profits of that business.
The government supported training and employment programmes series does not include all people on these programmes; it only includes people engaging in any form of work, work experience or work-related training who are not included in the employees or self-employed series. People on these programmes NOT engaging in any form of work, work experience or work-related training are not included in the employment estimates; they are classified as unemployed or economically inactive.
 
2. Public and Private Sector Employment
What is public and private sector employment ?
Public sector employment measures the number of people in paid work in the public sector. The public sector comprises central government, local government and public corporations. Estimates of public sector employment are obtained from information provided by public sector organisations.
Private sector employment is estimated as the difference between total employment, sourced from the Labour Force Survey, and public sector employment.
Where to find data about public and private sector employment
Public and private sector employment estimates are available at Tables 4 and 4(1) of the pdf version of this Statistical Bulletin and at data tables EMP02 (39.5 Kb Excel sheet) and EMP03 (38 Kb Excel sheet) .
Further information on public sector employment is available in the Public Sector Employment release .
Commentary
Estimates of public and private sector employment for June 2014 were first published in last month’s Statistical Bulletin. In this month’s Bulletin, there have been revisions to estimates of private sector employment, but not to estimates of public sector employment. The revisions to estimates of private sector employment have resulted from revisions to estimates of total employment sourced from the Labour Force Survey. See Background Notes to this Statistical Bulletin for further details.
There were 5.39 million people employed in the public sector for June 2014. This was 11,000 fewer than for March 2014 and 282,000 fewer than a year earlier.
There were 25.29 million people employed in the private sector for June 2014. This was 64,000 more than for March 2014 and 965,000 more than a year earlier.
These large annual movements in public and private sector employment were partly due to the reclassifications of Royal Mail plc (in December 2013) and Lloyds Banking Group plc (in March 2014). Excluding the effects of these reclassifications, public sector employment fell by 21,000 and private sector employment increased by 704,000 between June 2013 and June 2014.
For June 2014, 82.4% of people in employment worked in the private sector and the remaining 17.6% worked in the public sector.
Chart 2.1 shows public sector employment as a percentage of all people in employment for the last five years.
Chart 2.1: Public sector employment as a percentage of total employment, seasonally adjusted
Source: Quarterly Public Sector Employment Survey - Office for National Statistics
Download chart
XLS format
(27 Kb)
The number of people employed in the public sector has been falling since December 2009. Quarterly estimates of public and private sector employment are available back to 1999. Comparisons of public and private sector employment over time are complicated by a number of changes to the composition of these sectors over this period with several large employers moving between the public and private sectors. ONS therefore publishes estimates of public and private sector employment excluding the effects of major reclassifications alongside estimates of total public and private sector employment at Table 4 of the pdf version of this Statistical Bulletin and at data table EMP02 (39.5 Kb Excel sheet) .
 
3. Employment by Nationality and Country of Birth, not seasonally adjusted
What is employment by nationality and country of birth ?
The estimates of employment by both nationality and country of birth relate to the number of people in employment rather than the number of jobs. Changes in the series therefore show net changes in the number of people in employment, not the proportion of new jobs that have been filled by UK and non-UK workers. These estimates should not be used as a proxy for flows of foreign migrants into the UK.
The estimates are not seasonally adjusted and it is therefore best practice to compare the estimates for April to June 2014 with those for a year earlier rather than with those for January to March 2014.
Where to find data about employment by nationality and country of birth
Estimates of employment by nationality and country of birth are available at Table 8 of the pdf version of this Statistical Bulletin and at data table EMP06 (181 Kb Excel sheet) .
Commentary
Estimates of employment by nationality and country of birth for April to June 2014 were first published in the August 2014 edition of this Statistical Bulletin. In this month's Bulletin these estimates, along with other estimates derived from the Labour Force Survey, have been revised back to 2001. See Background Notes to this Statistical Bulletin for further details.
Looking at the estimates by nationality, between April to June 2013 and April to June 2014, the number of:
UK nationals working in the UK increased by 524,000 to reach 27.68 million, and
non-UK nationals working in the UK increased by 223,000 to reach 2.92 million.
For April to June 2014, there were 4.79 million people born abroad working in the UK, but the number of non-UK nationals working in the UK was much lower at 2.92 million. This is because the estimates for people born abroad working in the UK include some UK nationals. Looking at the estimates by country of birth, between April to June 2013 and April to June 2014, the number of:
UK born people working in the UK increased by 422,000 to reach 25.82 million, and
non-UK born people working in the UK increased by 334,000 to reach 4.79 million.
Chart 3.1: Employment by nationality and country of birth, changes between April to June 2013 and April to June 2014, not seasonally adjusted
Source: Labour Force Survey - Office for National Statistics
Notes:
Between April-June 2013 and April-June 2014, the total number of people in employment increased by 746,000.
Changes in the UK and non-UK estimates may not sum exactly to changes in the total number of people in employment because some people do not state their country of birth or nationality in their Labour Force Survey interviews.
Download chart
XLS format
(25 Kb)
Estimates of employment by nationality and country of birth are available back to 1997. For January to March 1997 there were 928,000 non-UK nationals working in the UK (3.5% of all people working in the UK). For April to June 2014, there were 2.92 million non-UK nationals working in the UK (9.6% of all people working in the UK). This increase in the number of non-UK nationals working in the UK since 1997 partly reflects the admission of several new member states to the European Union. 
4. Actual Hours Worked
What is actual hours worked ?
Actual hours worked measures the number of hours worked in the economy. Changes in actual hours worked reflect changes in the number of people in employment and the average hours worked by those people.
Where to find data about hours worked
Hours worked estimates are available at Tables 7 and 7(1) of the pdf version of this Statistical Bulletin and at data tables HOUR01 (480.5 Kb Excel sheet) and HOUR02 (1.65 Mb Excel sheet) .
Commentary
Total hours worked per week were 987.3 million for June to August 2014. This was:
little changed on March to May 2014,
up 24.5 million (2.5%) on a year earlier, and
up 76.6 million (8.4%) on five years previously.
Chart 4.1 shows total hours worked for the last five years.
Chart 4.1: Total hours worked per week, seasonally adjusted
Source: Labour Force Survey - Office for National Statistics
Download chart

Live from 06:00 to 13:00BBC © 2014 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more.
This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so.

Why We Never Got Those 250 New Emoji We Were Promisedreddit
An announcement last summer made us all think that new emoji were on their way to our smartphones. But here we are close to Thanksgiving, and we're still stuck expressing ourselves with the same old dolphins, diamonds and dancing duos as before.
So what happened? Two experts in the emoji industry told The Huffington Post that the excitement over impending emoji additions was actually premature. Behind the scenes, they said, there was never an exact timeline for when the much-anticipated new characters would make their way to our phones.
All the emoji on our phones start as updates to a common coding system, called the Unicode Standard, used by developers at major tech companies like Apple, Google and Microsoft. The Unicode Consortium, a group made up of representatives from tech giants, software producers and research institutions, among others, helps craft the Unicode Standard. The Unicode Consortium meets four times a year and updates the Unicode Standard regularly.
In June 2014, a Unicode update added more than 250 new emoji -- including a middle finger, a hot pepper and Vulcan salute. Everyone got pretty excited, and wondered when we'd be able to use these new expressions.
But Mark Davis, the co-founder and president of the Unicode Consortium, explained that just because there's a new Unicode update, it doesn't mean tech companies have to actually adopt the changes. It's up to Apple, Google and Microsoft to decide when to add the emoji and other Unicode changes, and that doesn't usually happen quickly.
"A new version of an OS  is quite complicated, and typically the main feature set is frozen months in advance to allow for testing," Davis said. "It  may be possible for a vendor to accelerate the introduction of new emoji, but it typically depends on the  vendor's   view of the importance of thos e particular characters  to their users."
Jeremy Burge, whose site Emojipedia has been a leading resource in documenting emoji and their updates since its inception in 2013, said it's still completely unclear when -- or even if -- we'll get the new emoji. "We're all still guessing really," he said.
But, he added, there's a bright spot: "Unicode Consortium is made up of effectively staff and people from Google, Apple and Microsoft amongst other members. So one would have to assume that these kinds of things wouldn't be going ahead into the specification if they had no intention of supporting them," he said.
Burge guessed that "someone" will decide to support the new characters in the next year -- "whether it's Google, Apple or Microsoft."
"And I wonder if one of them supports it, the others might come on board," he said.
Even if companies decide to integrate the new code, emoji can still vary from device to device. ( Beware of the hairy heart .) To combat this problem, Unicode offers base designs for their tiny characters, so the emoji don't look completely different on competing platforms. But going from a Unicode design to a final emoji is yet another step that tech companies like Apple have to take before they can release new characters.
In short, it may still be a while before we can express ourselves with a floppy disc, thermometer or chipmunk . Until then, we'll have to use ... our words.
Also on HuffPost:

Economy is increasingly showing signs of revivalShweta Punj      Follow @shwetapunj    Edition: December 7, 2014
There is a sense that the Indian economy is finally taking-off after several wasted years (Photo: Ajay Thakuri)
It is impossible to not notice the optimism and cheer these days when you speak to any businessman, economist or banker. Whether it is G.M. Rao of GMR Group, Keki Mistry of HDFC, Ajay Banga of MasterCard or Onno Ruhl of the World Bank, everyone agrees on one thing - the worst is over for the Indian economy. And the good times are just around the corner.
"I am very optimistic a turnaround will happen in a big way in the infrastructure sector," says Rao, Group Chairman of infrastructure giant GMR. Mistry, Vice Chairman and CEO of housing finance company HDFC, is also upbeat. "India is in a much sweeter spot today," he says.
Indeed, businessmen have already started talking of expansion plans, new projects, and fresh deals. Ramesh Chauhan, Chairman of packaged drinking water company Bisleri, is so enthused that he plans to put up one plant a month for the next 12 months. Ajay Banga, who apart from being CEO of MasterCard is also Chairman of the US India Business Council (USIBC), talks of $41 billion in investments from the USIBC members coming India's way over the next three years. And infrastructure and capital goods players such as L&T, Punj Lloyd and Lanco have seen their order books swell as fresh orders stream in.
Bankers are getting ready to lend to new projects again. Consumer loans are in demand once again. The stock markets have been scaling fresh highs. And people are talking excitedly about the prospects of an eight per cent GDP growth being just around the corner. And various bodies - from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) to the World Bank - have started projecting that GDP growth will pick up sharply.
Six months after Prime Minister Narendra Modi was sworn in, there is a sense that the Indian economy has got moving after several wasted years. At home and abroad, the buzz about India has returned. Economists point to the improving macro-economic indicators - inflation has been reined in, the current account deficit is down, foreign direct investment (FDI) is picking up and foreign institutional money is flowing into the stock and bond markets. And, finally, GDP growth in the last quarter recorded a big jump. The Indian economy expanded by 5.7 per cent to log the highest growth in nine quarters.
Economic outlook
Click here to Enlarge
That is a sea change from just 18 months ago when gloom and doom prevailed, and people, at home and abroad, had nothing good to say about the Indian economy.
Chandrajit Banerjee, Director General of the largest industry body Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), recalls an industry meet late last year in the US where much of the conversation centred around India's 'protectionist attitude'. "We saw a lot of rhetoric on IPR, preferential market access, and a lot of talk on Indians taking up jobs that should have been in the US. There were big billboards against India, a lot of pushback." In contrast, says Banerjee, in October when Prime Minister Modi visited the US, there was a lot of positivity. "There was assurance that if there are impediments, they will be sorted out," he says. Banga says when Modi talked about how a project clearance status can be checked in Gujarat through a mobile app, it impressed everyone.
"Perception has a lot to do with actual business realisation. Perception is very important and at this point there is a swing as far as sentiment and mood is concerned," says Banerjee.
The CII Business Confidence Index, which plunged to its 22-year low last year, turned around in the July-to-September quarter this year to 57.4 from 45.7 in the same quarter last year. "Several companies have expressed intent to invest in India," Banerjee adds. A recent Business Today-C fore Business Confidence survey mirrored those findings. It showed that the business confidence index jumped for the fourth consecutive quarter to reach 60.5 in the July-to-September period, up from 56.8 in the previous three months and 51.4 in the January-March period.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi
Everyone is talking about how quickly the Modi government is moving on a host of sectors - from policy reforms to new programmes. And the way he is intent on making things more transparent and easier for businessmen.
"I met Prime Minister Modi at a welcome luncheon in Japan hosted by five business organisations on September 1, and was astonished by his forceful speech. He announced the establishment of a Japan desk at the Prime Minister's Office... Japanese businesses have high expectations from his actions," said Masakazu Kubota, Director General, Keidanren (Japan Business Federation), in an email interview.
Zhiguo Zhu, Senior Vice President of Trina Solar, a Chinese maker of photovoltaic modules, told BT that his company is keen to set up a factory in India and that the country now figures big time in the plan to expand outside China.
He was aware that in the last few years, Chinese players such as Shanghai Electric needed nearly three years to register a company in India and telecom players such as ZTE and Huawei went through several processes and profiling. "This is a matter of the past. Now, under the new regime, we expect things to be faster and more fair."
RE-ENERGISING INDIA
Most businessmen and economists agree expectations soared when the Bharatiya Janata Party scored a historic win in the Lok Sabha elections, picking up 282 seats on its own. It became the first party since 1984 to have a simple majority of its own in the lower house.
Initially though, the expectations were belied as the government took time to settle down. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley's first budget merely tinkered at the margins. He did not repeal the retrospective taxation law that had been blamed for keeping foreign investment away. Nor did he slash the mammoth subsidy bill.
But since then, policy and programme announcements have come in quick succession. The ambitious 'Make in India' programme was announced first with great fanfare, promising investors rapid response times and all help for new project clearances.
The Supreme Court's decision on coal block cancellations could easily have proved a millstone around the new government's neck. But the immediate announcement that auctions would be held soon, and the ordinance that followed was widely appreciated by even those whose blocks had been cancelled.
Labour reforms were announced for small and medium industries. Self certification of documents by citizens was announced. Announcements of irrigation projects, environmental clearances and others followed. It was not just an announcement a day without follow-ups. Some 40 projects that had been stuck for lack of environmental clearances got the nod. About 181 projects are now getting off the ground.
If you are able to switch a field from a rain-fed field with one crop a year to three crops a year, you are able to drive income, increase food supply.
JAYANT SINHA
Minister of State for Finance
Jayant Sinha, the Harvard-educated parliamentarian and Minister of State for Finance, lists out schemes declared by the government which he says are of "extraordinary importance". (Sinha was a member of the Standing Committee on finance at the time he was interviewed for this story).
The Pradhan Mantri Gram Sinchai Yojana seeks to take irrigation water to each and every field in the country. It includes a soil health card for farmers that will have information on the status and production capability of the soil.
"If you are able to switch a field from a rain-fed field with one crop a year to three crops a year, you are able to drive income, increase food supply. We could double our agriculture productivity," says Sinha, son of Yashwant Sinha, finance minister in the Atal Bihari Vajpayee-led National Democratic Alliance government from 1998 to 2002.
GETTING LUCKY
Economists also point out that the Modi government has been extraordinarily lucky in some ways. The plunge in crude oil prices, from $110 a barrel when he took over to $80 now, helped the Modi government cut its import bill and allowed it to de-control diesel prices, which would otherwise have been difficult.
"Inflation is coming down. The commodity prices world over are down. Oil, which was once predicted to be $180 [a barrel] by research firms, is now at $80 levels. Lower oil prices will help in further reduction of the current account deficit," says Mistry of HDFC, who expects interest rates to fall in the next 12 months.
Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan's decision to keep interest rates high has played a major role in cooling inflation, and that is aiding the Modi government. The improvement in the US economy is having rub-off effects. The fact that the other BRIC (Brazil, Russia and China) countries are seeing a slowdown or deteriorating performance has also helped India look all that more attractive to foreign investors.
In that sense, it is also true that the Manmohan Singh-led United Progressive Alliance (UPA) was unlucky as it had to deal with a global financial crisis and then rising commodity prices, though its policy paralysis and mis-governance were equally responsible for the sharp decrease in GDP growth.
A NEW BEGINNING
What experts are still divided on is whether the Modi government's economic thought represents a clean break from the past - or is merely evolutionary, with the odd big changes thrown in.
The mood in Yojana Bhawan, which houses the Planning Commission that had been created by India's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru to guide the nation's economic destiny, is pretty dismal. A year ago, it was one of the few power centres of New Delhi under the UPA government. Chief ministers of states needed to pay their respects to the mandarins at the Planning Commission to get their share of largesse.
But after taking charge as Prime Minister, Modi announced dismantling the commission. He did not make it clear what he was replacing it with. But he did indicate he was overturning the current model of centre-state relationships. The commission was the symbol of an all-powerful Centre allocating scarce resources to supplicant states. The Modi model is more about an evolved federalism.
Then, the announcements that the government wanted to repeal 287 outdated laws hindering business in double-quick time, and the willingness to relook at the labour laws - considered sacrosanct till a few months ago - gives a boost to the theory that Modi is willing to change everything that have defined India's economic policy making till date.
And yet, senior economists point out that Modi is also faithfully adhering to the UPA government's economic thinking in many ways.
The Congress itself has had major twists and turns in its development and economics ideology over the years. The first government of independent India led by Nehru was committed to long-term planning, based loosely on the Soviet model. It envisaged the public sector as taking care of the heavy industrial needs of the country. At the same time, it was not inimical to private enterprise - and private businesses thrived in a variety of sectors.
During the Indira Gandhi years, government control became stifling. Nationalisation of a host of sectors - from banks to coal mines to airlines - brought private enterprise to its knees. The licence raj became extreme, and exorbitant taxes virtually killed all new private enterprise. The draconian labour laws added to the problems.
Under the Rajiv Gandhi government, unshackling of the licence raj was initiated but many policies it followed (and those followed by its successor, the VP Singh-led government), brought the country to the brink of bankruptcy. It was left to PV Narasimha Rao, prime minister from 1991 to 1996, and his finance minister, Manmohan Singh, to liberalise the economy.
The Vajpayee government accelerated the reforms initiated by Rao. It pushed ahead with disinvestment and ushered in India's telecom revolution.
The two UPA governments led by Manmohan Singh tried to push through reforms while also increasing subsidy in a host of sectors - a throwback to the socialist policies followed by earlier Congress governments.
Now, the Modi government is making drastic changes in some areas - like abolishing the Planning Commission - while also faithfully carrying forward the UPA government's reform ideas in areas like FDI in defence and insurance. It has also adopted some socialist schemes of its predecessor - like the food security bill, and the direct transfer of subsidies using Aadhar, a unique identification number given to all citizens. Clearly, Modi is changing what seems to be broken, while retaining and finetuning policies that he considers sensible, even if they were initiated by his predecessor governments.
"Free enterprise should be encouraged. Their (Modi-led government's) economic thinking is free-enterprise oriented... This government is opening up FDI in real estate. Swacch Bharat is a brilliant campaign - he [Modi] is very development oriented," says Adi Godrej, Chairman, Godrej Group.
However, Ashok Desai, who worked closely with Manmohan Singh on the 1991 reforms, says this government, like the last one, does not have any economic models. "All the Leftists were shocked that we were doing this (reforms) and that the International Monetary Fund and World Bank had forced us to open the economy. The Rightists didn't think much of Manmohan Singh, he had worked in the government for 20 years and had shown no leaning towards liberalism. Economies are not driven by models, they are driven into models," says Desai.
The fact is that the Modi government inherited a broken economy and fixing it was not the easiest of tasks. The UPA had to deal with several problems, and governance too had been compromised with massive corruption scandals.
It also brought out the ugly face of what Harvard Professor Lant Pritchett describes as a "deal economy" - the nexus between politicians, bureaucrats and business - as opposed to "rule economics". Rule economies are those where one can predict the outcome on the basis of rules. Deal economy is dependent on the deal or the relationship one has with the economy or policy makers.
Pritchett calls India a flailing state that is trying to transition from deal economics to rule economics. "My diagnosis is that India is a flailing state because it is very much a deal economy. No investor comes in saying I don't worry about the politics of the state. In a deals economy there is no underlying rules protection," says Pritchett. "...In the last two years of the Congress rule, the certainty of the deals environment disappeared. There were no obvious centres of power that they will make a deal - and stand by the deal."
If the Modi-led government tries to turn into a rules economy overnight, there could be a serious economic backlash. "These things don't happen overnight. In the short run, I am super-optimistic that Modi can provide good deals. India is a really attractive country to do business in. In the long run, India will have to move towards a rule-based economy. Investors crowd in and crowd out depending on the signals in a deal economy," he adds.
But Modi is taking all the right steps, says Surjit Bhalla, Managing Director of Oxus Research and Investments. He says that the previous UPA government took some negative measures. Modi is undoing that damage and taking positive steps such as freeing up of oil prices. The Modi government also seems to be serious about bringing in long-term reform in agriculture, says Bhalla. Modi is also focusing on infrastructure, point out both Godrej and Mistry. For instance, smart cities and other similar projects are likely to give a big fillip to housing, they say.
MILES TO GO
Most experts agree on one issue though. The government has made the right start, but it will be a while before its policy announcements bear fruit and the country returns to its 8 per cent growth trajectory. Equally important, while some steps have been initiated, they now need to be followed up with detailing and policy implementation. And because of the enormous expectations, there is every chance that disillusionment can set in if things do not move fast enough.
Rajiv Kumar, Senior Fellow, Centre for Policy Research, points out that while the coal ordinance was a good, quick step, he would have been happier if the government had thought things out before the announcement. "The government could have taken more time and come out with a more detailed policy. The government ought to denationalise Coal India," he said.
"There is so much hope and excitement. Prime Minister Modi needs to show this excitement is warranted. Every government has a honeymoon period, but people's memories are short," cautions Michael Cohen, President of the Michael Cohen Group, a research firm.
But Cohen is optimistic nonetheless. "Modi seems to have embarked on a policy with little successes that can lay the foundation on which bigger things can get built... You have a man with a proven track record who wants to stimulate the economy," he points out.
In fact, almost all the measures announced are likely to impact the real economy in the medium term. The 'Make in India' campaign has identified 16-17 sectors, in which four sectors - defence, railways, space and electronic components - can attract additional investments.
Some of these though have high strategic value even if their economic multiplier effect is relatively low compared to other sectors. Take defence production or bullet trains or even space technology, for instance. They are all capital intensive and showcase technology prowess, but they do not create many jobs or show quick trickle-down effects. Onno Ruhl, Country Director, World Bank, for instance, talks about the Mars Mission as an important accomplishment that projected India as a nation that can do something that many others have failed in.
Ruhl points out that all reforms need not be painful, as was the opinion of the previous government. "I think in India there is a tendency to overestimate how unattractive reforms are from an electoral standpoint. Not all reforms are actually difficult," says Ruhl.
The other sectors the government is focusing on - such as electronic components - will have long-term benefits on jobs. Creating jobs is important as India stares at an impending crisis if it does not realign its model towards generating employment and skilling its workforce. While skilling and jobs seems to be at the heart of Modi's Agenda, creating 30,000 jobs a day is a daunting task. "The renaissance has to be real empowerment of people, by expanding opportunities of productive employment. There is no point in being a growth wala or a poverty wala [UPA]. You can be both by being an employment wala," says Rajiv Kumar.
THE ROAD AHEAD
We won't mind looking at a few exceptions that can be added to the land acquisition bill. It should not become a yoke around the neck. We are willing to look at it.
NIRMALA SITHARAMAN
Commerce Minister
Ajit Ranade, Chief Economic Advisor, Aditya Birla Group, says that if the government follows through on its measures, the investment cycle will pick up again. Ranade and many other economists feel GDP growth can reach 8 per cent in 18-24 months from now. The thrust on increasing manufacturing's share to 25 per cent of GDP, could increase India's overall capital-output ratio, which at 4:1 is among the lowest in the world. China's capital output ratio is 7:1.
Nirmala Sitharaman, Minister of State for Commerce, Industry and Finance, says the government is ready to change laws if they stand in the way of business. From the Land Acquisition law to the Companies Act, she says the government is willing to tweak them if they prove business unfriendly. "We won't mind looking at a few exceptions that can be added to the land acquisition bill. It should not become a yoke around the neck. We are willing to look at it," she says. The sentiment was also expressed by Finance Minister Jaitley recently.
The commerce ministry is taking a re-look at the free trade agreements India has with several countries to understand which pacts have benefited local traders. Special Economic Zones are being reassessed for their competitiveness and efficiency, and so are more than 1,000 laws that seem to hinder industry.
On the ground, the government still has to keep its promise of bringing 'acche din'. The world is watching if Modi, who has managed to convince investors from across the world about his track record in Gujarat, will deliver. This perhaps is India's biggest opportunity in recent times to once again take centre stage and emerge as a force to reckon with. Hopefully, the Indian lion is ready to roar.
Modi government's report card

The Innovators by Walter Issacson is poetical  scientificStory
Poetical, Scientific
Walter Isaacson, who wrote the Steve Jobs book, tells us that teamwork matters more than individual brilliance.
The Innovators: How a Group of Hackers, Geniuses and Geeks Created the Digital Revolution
The Innovators: How a Group of Hackers, Geniuses and Geeks Created the Digital Revolution
Walter Isaacson
Pages: 542, including notes and index
Those who handle the books sections of newspapers and magazines often wonder if the reviews they publish have been written after having read the book. The reviewers, though, will hear none of it.
This, therefore, is a review with a difference. The reviewer admits that he has not read the book, not all of it anyway. The excuse for that is a combination of his laziness and Walter Isaacson's meticulousness in compiling a 168-year timeline of the development of the computer and Internet. It is a joy to get lost in it. However, the reviewer has read enough of the book to divine that Ada, Countess of Lovelace never got her due.
That is not unique to her. In the history of technology, the contribution of hundreds has been consigned to the recycle bin, or deleted permanently. There is a thing called the Creation Myth in the Silicon Valley. These are tales of successes and failures somewhat based on the truth. They are largely happy stories shorn of the dark passages of chicanery, deceit and denied credit. Every other man has a sob story. However, in general, the lot of women has been worse. And it began at the beginning.
Lovelace, the only legitimate child of the poet Lord Byron, died in 1852 at the age of 36. Her father had died at the same age in 1824, when she was just nine.
Their association, though brief, was enough for Lord Byron to infuse in her some of his romance and rebelliousness. As a teenager she fell for one of her tutors and tried to run away to be with him. Her mother Annabella sought to rein her in by putting her into mathematics, which lead to a happy fusion that Ada liked to call poetical science.
She presented path-breaking notes on computing to Scientific Memoirs, an English scientific journal, in 1843. Disbelieving editors of the journal could not comprehend that a woman could write those notes. They thought Lovelace's colleague, Charles Babbage, was too coy to take credit.
This would be a good juncture to appeal to Sheryl Sandberg to take note; after all the Facebook COO is a modern day fountainhead of feminine awareness, telling women the world over to Lean In. But such an exhortation would be unnecessary. Sandberg has already taken note. She says in a New York Times article on how the book came to be: "Stereotypes are very reinforcing because as human beings we expect what is familiar. In tech, girls don't code because girls don't code."
All right, but a surprisingly large number of women did math 80 years ago. As many as 113 American women got their doctorate in math in the 1930s. That was 15 per cent of all American math doctorates. The number fell to 106, only 4 per cent, in the 1950s. Grace Hopper, who created the programming language Cobol and coined the term "computer bugs", obtained her math doctorate in 1934, the 11th American woman to get it from Yale, the first being in 1895.
Ada, though not a particularly gifted mathematician, towers above them all. In fact, the Lady Lovelace's Objection remains unconquered to this day, though many challenges have been posed to it.
It was Ada's contention that no computer, no matter how powerful, would ever truly be a thinking machine. Alan Turing, who was conceived in Chhatrapur, in India, and born in London in 1912, and who made seminal contributions to development of computers, sought to dismiss her objection by providing an operational definition of a thinking machine.
The leitmotif of Isaacson's book is teamwork - that most of the innovations of the digital age were done collaboratively.
But in the 60 years since then, all we have got is a computer that defeated Gary Kasparov and another that won Jeopardy. The real thinking machine remains confined to celluloid, most notably in Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey, which has intelligent computer HAL, when threatened, killing his human masters one by one.
A real life HAL is yet to arrive. And that would please Ada, as would Isaacson's focus on her and her work.
However, another woman, Ayn Rand, the novelist-philosopher known for her belief in individual brilliance and her dislike for collectivism and altruism, would not be happy with Isaacson.
The leitmotif of Isaacson's book is teamwork - that most of the innovations of the digital age were done collaboratively. Isaacson has himself written much-acclaimed biographies of individuals, the best known of them being the one of Steve Jobs. In this book, though, he is determined to extol collaborative creativity, which, he believes, is how innovation actually happens in the real world.
This takes him headlong into the debate over whether the history of the world is a collection of biographies of great individuals or whether the role of societal forces is greater.
This book itself is a creation of collaboration, not all of it intended. The idea for it came to Isaacson when his daughter Betsy, after much pestering by her parents, wrote a college essay on Ada.
Isaacson was stunned into silence when the daughter revealed her subject. He was about to start work on the Jobs book and could not recall who Ada was.
Once he started working on this book, he wanted to make it about the evolution of the Internet. It was Bill Gates who, during an interview, convinced Isaacson that the simultaneous emergence of the personal computer and the Internet was a more compelling story.
Still, for all of Isaacson's belief in collaborative creativity, his liking for some individuals, most notably Ada, comes through every now and then. He both begins and ends the book with her.
Talking about endings, now that this review is done, let's finish reading the book.
Isaacson is determined to extol collaborative creativity, which, he believes, is how innovation actually happens in the real world.
 

Amazon Settlement Could Pave Way For Workers To UnionizeAmazon Worker Forces Changes as Labor Board Settles Claim
By Spencer Soper 2014-11-19T05:01:00Z
Amazon Worker Calls Labor Settlement a `Start' (Video)
Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) agreed to change some of the rules for workers at the Web retailer’s warehouses in the U.S. so that employees can communicate about pay and working conditions without fear of retaliation.
In a settlement reached with the National Labor Relations Board yesterday, the Seattle-based company also agreed to rescind a verbal warning given to a staff member at a Phoenix warehouse who voiced concerns about security in the parking lot following thefts from vehicles. A hearing had been scheduled between the parties yesterday. Bloomberg News obtained a copy of the settlement.
The deal could open the door for Amazon’s workers to unionize, because the settlement requires the online retailer to post notices at its fulfillment centers notifying employees that they have the right to form unions and work with each other for collective benefits. Amazon has faced criticism for conditions faced by workers in its more than 40 facilities around the country, and the U.S. Supreme Court is considering a separate case on whether workers at Amazon’s warehouses must be paid for time spent undergoing post-shift security searches.
Attorneys representing Amazon at the hearing declined to comment following the settlement, which included a statement that the company “does not admit that it has violated the National Labor Relations Act .”
Photographer: Spencer Soper/Bloomberg
Brian Weiss, right, who works at an Amazon warehouse in Phoenix, alleged that Amazon managers reprimanded him for voicing concerns about security in the employee parking lot. The complaint prompted a settlement with the National Labor Relations Board requiring Amazon to change its rules regarding warehouse workers around the country. Dean Scherr, left, another Amazon warehouse worker, corroborated Weiss' story with the labor relations board. Close
Brian Weiss, right, who works at an Amazon warehouse in Phoenix, alleged that Amazon... Read More
Close
Open
Photographer: Spencer Soper/Bloomberg
Brian Weiss, right, who works at an Amazon warehouse in Phoenix, alleged that Amazon managers reprimanded him for voicing concerns about security in the employee parking lot. The complaint prompted a settlement with the National Labor Relations Board requiring Amazon to change its rules regarding warehouse workers around the country. Dean Scherr, left, another Amazon warehouse worker, corroborated Weiss' story with the labor relations board.
Kelly Cheeseman, a spokeswoman for Amazon, didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment.
The settlement will help to make more people aware of their rights in the workplace, said Zev Eigen , an associate law professor at Northwestern University School of Law in Chicago .
“This is about getting people’s attention on the issue of fairness in employment,” Eigen said. “It makes more people aware of their rights.”
Labor Board
The National Labor Relations Board, an independent U.S. government agency that oversees labor-union elections and investigates unfair labor practices, claimed that Amazon employee Brian Weiss, 54, was reprimanded by managers in April after he voiced concerns during an employee meeting about security in the employee parking lot.
Weiss, who has worked at an Amazon warehouse in Phoenix for six years, said he was called into the human-resources office after the meeting and was told by supervisors that he was being loud and disrespectful. Weiss said he spoke loudly so others could hear him in the noisy warehouse.
Weiss said he felt uncomfortable with how managers handled the situation, prompting him to file a complaint with the labor board, which investigated and found sufficient evidence to initiate action against Amazon.
Warehouses, Workers
Amazon’s lawyers and the board spent about two hours negotiating behind closed doors yesterday before reaching a deal. Weiss said he was pleased with the settlement, which allows employees to communicate more freely about pay and working conditions without fear of retribution.
“This is telling Amazon you have to stop bullying people,” said Weiss, of Litchfield Park, Arizona . “Employees have rights and you can’t stomp on them anymore.”
Separately, Supreme Court justices are considering a suit against a company that staffs Amazon’s facilities, filed by former workers in two Nevada warehouses. The lawsuit is seeking back pay for warehouse workers around the country for time they spent on anti-theft security lines as they left warehouses after clocking out for the day.
In 2011, federal regulators investigated an Amazon warehouse near Allentown, Pennsylvania , due to concerns that high temperatures in the facility resulted in many workers going to hospital emergency rooms for treatment. That prompted Amazon to have ambulances on standby in its parking lot.
Still, unions haven’t gained a significant presence in any of Amazon’s U.S. warehouses.
Corporate Priorities
Ahead of yesterday’s hearing, the National Labor Relations Board charged the company of overly broad rules that directed workers to always act “in the best interests of Amazon” and prohibited them from sharing information about one another, in violation of the National Labor Relations Act.
Amazon agreed to rescind the rules in question and clarify the rights of its workers as a result of the settlement.
More than 40,000 Amazon employees work at the online retailer’s U.S. warehouses, packing up books, toys, electronics and other goods for quick delivery. As such, the company’s labor issues are more comparable to brick-and-mortar retailers like Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Target Corp., which have also faced Labor Board scrutiny for workplace rules.
Amazon has a financial interest in preventing workers from organizing. Median weekly wages for union workers in the transportation and warehousing industry in 2013 were 33 percent higher than their non-union counterparts, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Strong Message
A union workforce demanding better wages poses a threat to Amazon, which operates on razor-thin margins and is facing investor criticism about its spending. Last month, Amazon forecast sales and profit for the holiday quarter that missed analysts’ projections, underlining the limits to Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos ’s strategy of spending big to fuel growth.
“Amazon is such a massive company, a ruling against it would send a strong message,” said Andy Marshall, president of Teamsters Local 104 in Phoenix, which has participated in failed union campaigns at an Amazon warehouse there. “It’ll make people less hesitant to speak up and try to make their working situations a little better.”
To contact the reporter on this story: Spencer Soper in Phoenix at ssoper@bloomberg.net
To contact the editors responsible for this story: Pui-Wing Tam at ptam13@bloomberg.net Reed Stevenson
Press spacebar to pause and continue. Press esc to stop.

Allison Payne s former town house listed for $549 5000
Two Orland Park men who renovated the three-level town house, which was built in 1991, have listed it. Features include 2-1/2 baths, a private entrance, a garden courtyard, oak floors, a fireplace, a living room with built-ins, an eat-in kitchen and a private deck.
The owners replaced plumbing and toilets, installed new fixtures, carpeting and granite countertops, replaced the windows on the top floor, refinished the hardwood floors, painted the entire house and replaced the deck off the kitchen, said listing agent Marko Beric, of Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices KoenigRubloff.
"One of the best features is a brand new public park that is opening next to the town home in 2015," Beric said.
Beric is holding open houses at the town house on Sunday and Nov. 30.

Massive Buffalo Snow Storm Traps Residents In HomesBuffalo Snow Storm Traps Residents In Homes
 | By                                                                CAROLYN THOMPSON
reddit
BUFFALO, N.Y. (AP) — Homeowners opened their front doors to find themselves sealed in by sheer walls of white. Shovelers turned walkways into head-high canyons. A woman gave birth in a firehouse after the snow prevented her from reaching the hospital.
Even for Buffalo, a place that typically shrugs at snow, this was an epic snowfall, the kind of onslaught folks will be telling their grandchildren about.
The Buffalo area found itself buried under as much as 5½ feet of snow Wednesday, with another lake-effect storm expected to bring 2 to 3 more feet by late Thursday.
"This is an historic event. When all is said and done, this snowstorm will break all sorts of records, and that's saying something in Buffalo," Gov. Andrew Cuomo said during a visit to the city.
The storm came in so fast and furious over Lake Erie early Tuesday it trapped more than 100 vehicles along a 132-mile stretch of the New York State Thruway, which remained closed Wednesday. People were marooned at homes, on highways and at work. Residents who can handle 6 inches of snow as if it were a light dusting were forced to improvise.
Tom Wilson, of West Seneca, split a Salisbury steak frozen dinner with co-workers and tried his best to get some rest when he was stuck 36 hours at his warehouse job.
"I slept on a pallet. Then I slept on some office chairs, and then I went back to the pallet," he said. "Then I found some sponges to lay on. I found one pack of sponges unopened. That looks like a pillow to me."
"We tried to make popcorn with a two-by-four, two empty pop kegs, some charcoal and a dust pan," he added. "It didn't work."
Trapped on a team bus on the Thruway for nearly 30 hours, the Niagara University women's basketball team melted snow for water, posed with long faces for pictures that were posted online and generally tried to keep each other's spirits up.
"I'm sure when it's all done we'll look back at it and remember how great a bonding experience it was. For now, I think everyone just wants to get home and sleep in their own beds," said coach Kendra Faustin.
How snowy was it? The National Weather Service said it was so bad that some of the spotters it relies on to update accumulation totals couldn't get out of their houses to take measurements.
Bethany Hojnacki went into labor at the height of the storm and ended up giving birth in a Buffalo fire station after she and her husband couldn't get to the hospital. Baby Lucy weighed in at 6 pounds, 2 ounces. Mother and child were later taken to the hospital in an ambulance.
Cuomo said Wednesday afternoon that all trapped travelers had been removed from their cars, though some truckers were staying with their rigs.
Asked by reporters how officials could allow people to be snowbound in cars for 24 hours, Cuomo cited a jackknifed trailer that prevented plows from removing fast-falling snow and drivers' own wrongheaded choices.
"What happened was, even though the Thruway was officially closed, people went on. We didn't immediately block every entrance. It was a mistake," Cuomo said.
"Part of it is citizen responsibility," he added. "If the road is closed, it's closed.
The storm was blamed for up to seven deaths in western New York, at least four of them from heart attacks. Erie County officials said a man was discovered in his car, which was in a ditch and buried in snow 24 miles east of Buffalo. It was unclear how he died.
Sunny skies returned to some hard-hit areas Wednesday, but workers were still trying to cart off the acres of snow. Lake-effect snow fell heavily on some northern New York areas east of Lake Ontario.
With an additional 2 to 3 feet possible by Thursday, the one-week totals for the Buffalo area will approach the average snowfall for a year: 93.6 inches, or close to 8 feet. Cuomo warned that a weekend warm-up could lead to significant flooding when the thick blanket of snow melts. Forecasters say rain is possible this weekend.
The highest snowfall total for the Buffalo area this time was 65 inches, recorded in Cheektowaga. National Weather Service meteorologist David Church said that forecasters haven't determined yet how this storm ranks, but that 60 to 70 inches in 24 hours is probably in the top 5 for the region.
The heaviest 24-hour snowfall on record in the Lower 48 states is 75.8 inches, which fell at Silver Lake, Colorado, in 1921, according to the government.
The governor said it would take four or five days to clean up.
The Buffalo Bills offered $10 an hour plus game tickets for people willing to help shovel out the stands in Ralph Wilson Stadium in Orchard Park, in the snow belt southeast of the city.
Team spokesman Scott Berchtold said the team has an estimated 220,000 tons of snow to remove from the stadium before Sunday's game against the Jets — more than ever before.
The snow was heaped so high on the roof a Cheektowaga home that when it fell, the force blew in the back door, frame and all, and filled the living room with snow.
"It was a huge crash. ... We actually thought that it was the roof coming down in the house," said Chrissy Gritzke Hazard, who was home with her husband, five children and three of her children's friends.
Amtrak passenger train service between Albany and the Buffalo area was suspended. Some service through Buffalo will be restored starting Thursday, with delays expected, Amtrak said.
And that old "Neither snow nor rain ..." Postal Service motto? Mail delivery was interrupted in certain communities with driving bans.
The storm struck Buffalo on a day when temperatures dropped to freezing or below in all 50 states. At least a foot of fresh snow was expected in parts of Michigan through Friday, adding to deep snow on the ground.
___
Associated Press writer Michael Hill contributed from Albany.
More:

Firestone And The Warlord
Chicago-based The PrivateBank creates technology-focused banking groupChicago-based The PrivateBank creates technology-focused banking group
John Hoesley
John Hoesley is the managing director in The PrivateBank's new technology group.
John Hoesley is the managing director in The PrivateBank's new technology group. (PRNewsFoto / The PrivateBank)
By Sadé Carpenter, Blue Sky Reporter
Valley Bank
Why a former Silicon Valley Bank managing director is 'ecstatic' about a new Chicago venture
The PrivateBank, a Chicago-based financial-services company, has created a specialty group that will focus on technology companies in the Midwest and Chicago and their venture capital investors, the company announced Wednesday.
The company hired industry veterans John Hoesley and Josh Roberts as managing directors. Hoesley, who will lead the new group, formerly worked as managing director and Midwest market manager at Silicon Valley Bank. Roberts previously served as VP of technology investment banking at RBC Capital Markets.

Kisan Vikas Patra 2.0Tweet
While the revamped scheme is attractive for small savers, checks are needed to prevent its misuse for money laundering
Desperate times call for desperate measures and the Centre’s decision to relaunch Kisan Vikas Patra, a popular small savings instrument that was discontinued three years ago, may be seen in this light. Lakhs of investors have fallen victim to illegal money-pooling and Ponzi schemes, including the Sahara and Saradha scams, in the last three years. These instances show that the current suite of financial products offered by the Government and private players have become too complex to attract small savers. The recent dip in household financial savings to a decadal low is mainly a result of the difficulty in understanding financial instruments and in keeping up with their ever-changing Know-Your-Customer (KYC) rules, apart from the uneasiness that most savers have with market-linked returns. The Kisan Vikas Patra (KVP), in its new avatar, directly addresses these pain points. It offers a fixed return (the investor’s money will double in 100 months), ease of transaction (it is a bearer instrument with no PAN requirement) and good liquidity to boot (exit is available freely after a 2.5 year lock-in). Therefore, it may well succeed in its objective of wooing the un-banked population into financial savings.
Having said this, the new KVP raises some concerns from a policymaking perspective. For one, its offer of a fixed return is a step back in the process of restructuring all small savings schemes and aligning their returns to market rates. This overhaul, initiated three years ago at the behest of the Shyamala Gopinath Committee, was undertaken to improve the performance of the national small savings fund, which generated sub-par returns. If the Centre is keen on resurrecting the concept of a fixed return, it must address the funding issue on a war footing. Two, given that the KVP is likely to entail high costs for the Centre, it is essential that the money be put to productive use. Presently, collections from small savings schemes (whatever their nomenclature) are mainly lent out to fund unproductive revenue expenditure of the States and the Centre; they don’t fulfil a specific developmental objective.
Most important of all, the Centre must take note of warnings that the reworked KVP may turn out to be a backdoor amnesty scheme for those who evade taxes. With its PAN waiver, facility for unlimited investments and bearer status, the instrument can be easily used to launder and park black money. It was precisely this concern, in fact, which had prompted the Gopinath committee to suggest its closure in 2011. To prevent rampant misuse of the KVP in its new avatar, the Centre must expedite the computerisation of India Post and use technology to track down large investments and redemptions from this scheme. It should also put in place an annual investment ceiling on individual purchases of KVP, similar to those for the public provident fund and other post office schemes. Given its other attractions, this will not materially dent the instrument’s appeal to small savers.
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

Consumer durables set to top charts on demandrevivalReliance Industries among Barclays' top 133 stock picks for 2015
With the Street discounting improvement in consumer sentiment, along with strong earnings posted by certain consumer durbale companies, the BSE Consumer Durables Index looks set to emerge as the top sectoral index for the first time in four years.
So far in year-to-date, the BSE Consumer Durables Index has gained 67.41%, with its closest competitor BSE Capital Goods gaining 57.23% during the same period.
According to experts, consumer discretionary spending is showing signs of improvement. “While on the ground not much has changed, the consumer sentiment has improved and it is evident in the strong earnings posted by some of these companies in Q2,” said S Ranganathan, head of research at LKP Securities.
The air-cooler manufacturer Symphony saw its net profit jump 51% YoY to R21.63 crore in quarter-ended September. The top-line of the company grew by 43% y-o-y to R103 crore.
For washing-machine maker Whirpool, the net profit rose by 146% y-o-y to R40.72 crore in quarter-ended September. Its topline expanded by 20.91% y-o-y to R709.14 crore in September quarter.
Experts see a release in the pent-up demand for consumer durables. “As GDP growth decelerated after FY10 and tail risks emerged (e.g. the rupee’s depreciation, government inaction), the “under-penetration” stories took a back seat. These should restart, in our view, as growth has bottomed, and perceived tail risks fall. The index of consumer durables production saw the sharpest decline recorded in FY14, and should rebound,” Credit Suisse said in a report.
Within the BSE Consumer Durables space, Symphony has been the biggest gainer in CY14 with the stock gaining 400.25% YTD. Whirpool (201.96%), PC Jewellers (188.98%), Blue Star (134.08%), Rajesh Exports (109.66%) and VIP Industries (63.56%) have been among the major gainers  YTD.
Experts say that discretionary spending is likely to improve due to recovery in economy. “The impact of economic recovery on urban discretionary consumption stocks may be higher. While it is difficult to predict the timing of growth recovery, against the backdrop of falling consumer inflation and volume growth/margin expectations that are anchored to the cyclical downturn of the last two years, the recovery may be materially faster than our base case estimates,” Morgan Stanley said in a report.
Among other sectoral indices, BSE Bankex (54.83%), BSE Auto (54.23%) and   BSE Healthcare (48.48%) have been the major gainers YTD.
TAGS: BSE Consumer Durables Index
More from indianmarkets

JetBlue to add baggage fees  cut legroomJetBlue to add baggage fees, cut legroom
JetBlue to add baggage fees, cut legroom
If you want to buy the cheapest level of JetBlue tickets, it will soon cost you money to check a bag. And there will be more passengers on your flight.
If you want to buy the cheapest level of JetBlue tickets, it will soon cost you money to check a bag. And there will be more passengers on your flight.
If you want to buy the cheapest level of JetBlue tickets, it will soon cost you money to check a bag. And there will be more passengers on your flight.
This video is featured in these articles:

Great expectations from winter session says HDFC`s Deepak Parekh. Will Govt deliverPlatinum Member
117 Followers
Winter session is crucial for many economic reform bills , govt has to make passage as govt is having clear majority in upper house but lower house it may face problem.
But I hope numbers they will be able to make and it will be positive for market and overseas image will further improve.
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
1.13 PM Nov 20th

Best pictures from Arpita Khan s wedding: Salman Khan s  kalirey  moment  SRK-Salman unison  Aamir  Katrinaentertainment
Best pictures from Arpita Khan’s wedding: Salman Khan’s ‘kalirey’ moment, SRK-Salman unison, Aamir, Katrina
The grand Khan wedding has just got over but we cannot get over the sheer awesomeness of some pictures that were shared with us by the photographers and especially by the 'Insta-photographers'. We bring to you few pictures we thought totally have the power to steal the thunder from Arpita Khan's wedding. *wink wink*
The first picture on our list is the 'Kalirey' moment, which Salman Khan himself posted.
OMG! Is he the next to be hitched?
No prizes for guessing, the much awaited 'Karan Arjun' moment at the bride's 'sangeet' becomes our second.
Shah Rukh Khan came; he chatted; he hugged Salman Khan and then the duo kissed Arpita.
Arpita is one lucky girl! And what do we say now? Humaare 'Karan Arjun' aa gaye!
The only thing that can describe this picture - Awwww!
Arpita with her brothers - Salman, Arbaaz, Sohail. She surely has their blessings.
That's another Khan duo, whose friendship emerged from nowhere and engulfed the Bollywood with love - Salman Khan and Aamir Khan. The smiles say it all!
The couple with the two mighty Khans. Need we say more?
Awww! The couple is happy with the 'Bhai' and his attention.
Another 'Kalirey' moment: So, is Salman Khan's ex Katrina Kaif the next to be hitched?
Guess, we'll have to wait!
Seen here is Katrina with the lovely bride.
Bet, you'll never see Aamir Khan, Kiran Rao and Katrina Kaif in a more fun mood than this. This deserves to be on our list.
Mr Congenial - Karan Johar with the 'Dabangg' Salman Khan! The two will be working together in Karan's production 'Shuddhi'.
The star and the fan! We don't say that Varun Dhawan is any less of a star, but here he surely looks awestruck.
'Bhai Bhai': 'The family that sings/dances together, stays together. Period.
And the much in love couple - Arpita Khan and Aayush Sharma.
Related

Volkswagen India starts exports of Polo to MexicoUpdated: November 20, 2014 17:35 IST
Volkswagen India starts exports of Polo to Mexico
Special Correspondent
automobile
Volkswagen India has started exporting the new Polo 1.6 Highline to Mexico, a year after entering the Mexican market with shipments of its India-made Vento.
The export versions of Vento and new Polo account for nearly every second car made at the Pune plant, which has produced over 89,000 cars for export till date, according to a statement from the company. “With the successful entry in Mexico last year with our Vento, we set an example of world-class quality being manufactured in India,’’ Volkswagen Pune Plant President and Managing Director Mahesh Kodumudi said in the statement.
“We build the same quality of cars in Pune as around the world with equally robust construction. The Polo built in India has achieved a 4-star Global NCAP rating which is a strength when it comes to exporting to global markets.’’
The company started exporting from the Pune plant in 2011 with the first export market being South Africa. Since then, export operations from the Pune plant have expanded to over 32 countries across Asia, Africa and North America. The cars being exported include left-hand drive and right-hand drive cars. Volkswagen India also exports parts and components of its cars to Malaysia, which are assembled there for the domestic market.

Arrears to cane growers have come down; no call on export subsidy yet: PaswanUnion Food Minister, Ram Vilas Paswan
New Delhi, Nov 20:  
The Union Food Minister, Ram Vilas Paswan, on Thursday said that sugarcane arrears to be paid to cane farmers have reduced and that no call has been taken on the extension of sugar export subsidy for the 2014-15 season.
“Our latest findings indicate that arrears are being paid and have fallen. The Centre will not be interfering in the process, we will keep taking the reports,” Paswan said on the sidelines of an event commemorating the foundation day of the Warehousing Development and Regulatory Authority (WDRA).
Cane growers' arrears
A Ministry note on the status of cane arrears read that Rs 4,288 crore were owed to cane farmers as of November 15. Mill owners in Uttar Pradesh (UP), the country’s second largest sugar producing state, had an outstanding amount of Rs 1,676 crore which works out to 8.64 per cent of the total cane dues of Rs 19,388.04 crore.
The arrears figure for Karnataka stood at Rs 1,802.86 crore, which is 19.28 per cent of a total of Rs 9,349.71 crore that is to be paid.
“We have come to a level where from Rs 15,000 crore owed at one point, it has come down roughly to Rs 4,000 crore. The Government is hopeful and we appeal to mill owners to provide relief to the farmers by paying the arrears,” added the Minister.
Export subsidy
The extension of subsidy on raw sugar was supposed to have been reviewed in September. The scheme, which provides a subsidy of Rs 3,300/tonne for exports up to 40 lakh tonnes (lt) and was subsequently revised to Rs 3,371/tonne in August, had been announced in February to provide relief to the sugar industry in the face of surplus production and weak global prices.
India exported 12.12 lt of raw sugar in the 2013-14 season.
“Whatever plan was in place earlier that is ongoing. There have been no further discussions on the matter,” said Paswan, adding that an incentive could be provided for conversion of cane juice into ethanol.
Sugar output
'The Government estimates the total sugar output at 250.5 lt for the 2014-15 season, roughly similar to the industry estimates of 250-255 lt. Domestic requirements are pegged at 247 lt. The opening stock for the new sugar season, which began on October 1, stood at 75 lt.
A recent Indian Sugar Mills Association (ISMA) report stated that India’s sugar output had already increased by 22 per cent this season compared to the same period last season from 4.62 lt to 5.6 lt.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Barack Obama to announce major immigration reform on FacebookB Ramalinga Raju, eight others get 6 months in jail in income tax case
US President Barack Obama has opted for Facebook as a platform to inform Americans about his executive actions on fixing the country’s “broken” immigration system.
The executive actions, to be announced tomorrow, is expected to benefit millions of the estimated 11 million undocumented workers.
According to Pew Research Center, those from neighbouring Mexico are to benefit the most as they account for the maximum number of illegal immigrants in the US.
There are an estimated 4,50,000 illegal immigrants from India.
“Everybody agrees our immigration system is broken,” Obama said in a video posted yesterday.
“Unfortunately, Washington has allowed the problem to fester for too long. What I am going to be laying out are the things I can do with my lawful authority as president to make the system work better, even as I continue to work with Congress,” he said.
The White House defended its decision to opt for Facebook to inform people about the coming announcement.
“I think this was an opportunity for us to reach hundreds of thousands, if not millions of people,” White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said.
He said it was “pretty effective” of the President communicating with the American public about his intention to try to take the steps that he believes are necessary to fix as much of the broken immigration system as possible.
Lawmakers and those familiar with the President’s executive actions said the immigration reform would benefit nearly five million undocumented workers.
“There is a bipartisan proposal that has already passed the Senate that we’ve been waiting for more than a year for House Republicans to allow to come up for a vote. We’re confident that if that legislation were voted on in the House of Representatives, it would pass with bipartisan support,” Earnest said.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Obama’s executive actions will give illegal immigrants a line to come forward, be recognised, and get in the system.
“It does not and cannot give them green cards of put them on a path to citizenship. Only Congress can and must finish the job by overhauling and rewriting immigration law. Executive action is not a substitute for legislation,” Reid said.
The Republicans described this as a unilateral action.
“I believe his unilateral action, which is illegal and unconstitutional, and will deeply harm our prospects for immigration reform. It will be deeply harmful to our nation’s tradition of the rule of law and deeply harmful to the future of our democracy,” Senator John Cornyn said.
The President seems intent on provoking a Constitutional crisis by adopting policies that he previously said were illegal,” he said.

Total telephone user base rises to 95.76 cr in Sept: TRAITotal telephone user base rises to 95.76 crore in September, says TRAI
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 20:57 IST
Photo: Reuters
Telephone subscriber base in the country rose marginally in September to reach 95.76 crore, with a net addition of 57.7 lakh users during the month, sectoral regulator TRAI said on Thursday.
At August-end, the subscriber base stood at 95.18 crore.
"The number of telephone subscribers in India increased from 951.84 million at the end of August, 2014 to 957.61 million at the end of September, 2014, thereby showing a monthly growth rate of 0.61 per cent," Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) said.
The overall tele-density increased to 76.75 per cent at the end of September.
The wireless subscriber base increased to 93.02 crore at the end of September from 92.43 crore at the end of August whereas wireline base declined to 2.74 crore from 2.75 crore during the same period.
"As on September 30, 2014, the private access service providers held 90.31 per cent market share of the wireless subscribers whereas BSNL and MTNL, the two PSU access service providers, held only 9.69 per cent market share," TRAI said.
Bharti Airtel added 10.22 lakh subscribers in September to take its base to 21.15 crore. Vodafone added 13.53 lakh users and its base has increased to 17.38 crore at the end of the month.
Idea Cellular added 17.25 subscribers to take its base to 14.35 crore.
Reliance Communications added 4.75 lakh users and its base at the end of September stood at 11.01 crore. Tata Teleservices and Aircel added 3.03 lakh and 9.56 lakh users respectively. The user base of the two companies stood at 6.42 crore and 7.58 crore respectively.
State-run BSNL lost 8.55 lakh users and its base has decreased to 8.67 crore at the end of September while PSU telecom operator MTNL added 13,703 subscribers to increase its base to 33.97 lakh.
Uninor added 9.41 lakh users during the month to take its base to 4.18 crore and Videocon added 1.07 lakh subscribers and its base at the end of September stood at 59.41 lakh.
CDMA operator Sistema Shyam Teleservices, which offers services under MTS brand name, lost 80,482 users and its base has reduced to 91.30 lakh.
Loop Mobile, whose licence will expire on November 29 after which it will not be able to offer services, lost 1.43 lakh subscribers. It base stood at 15.82 lakh at the end of September.
Broadband subscriber base increased to 7.57 crore at the end of September.
"In the month of September, 2014, a total of 3.26 million subscribers submitted their requests for MNP. With this, the cumulative MNP requests increased from 129.56 million at the end of August, 2014 to 132.81 million at the end of September, 2014," TRAI said.

Time running out for Anand after 3rd straight drawPrint
Magnus Carlsen quickly conceded that playing for a win from this point was futile. (Source: AP File)
By: Press Trust of India | Sochi | Posted: November 20, 2014 8:17 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 11:17 am
A well-prepared Viswanathan Anand managed the easiest of draws with black pieces in his ninth round match against Magnus Carlsen on Thursday but the Norwegian inched closer towards retaining his World Championship crown as he leads the Indian ace by a full point.
The scoreboard reads 5-4 in favour of defending champion Carlsen, who may just seal it with another win in the next three rounds. For Anand, he desperately needs a win to remain in contention.
Anand, expectedly, did not go for any risky venture with black pieces. While many had expected Carlsen to press for a victory on Thursday, he was simply taken aback by the Indian’s preparation in the Berlin defence.
The shortest game of the match thus far was over in just over an hour, lasting a mere 20 moves and the last five of those moves were just repetition.
The players again blitzed out the opening moves and Anand was on top during the initial phase of the game. Especially after he uncorked his 12th move that forced Carlsen ponder a lot over his next move.
The position was not a new one with a few games already being played but Carlsen was not happy when it was played on the board.
As it turned out, Carlsen played his next move after thinking for more than 13 minutes and after the next move by Anand – which was a new idea – again sank in to his chair for 26 minutes.
The ‘new idea’ was in fact a brilliant find by Anand and his team that probably changes the evaluation of the position at that time.
A game-changer it might have been, but Anand did not divulge further on it.
“It is something I would rather not discuss about,” he said in the post-game conference.
Carlsen, on his part, quickly conceded that playing for a win from this point was futile. Just made a routine pawn move, and then quickly gave repeated checks to the black king to sign the peace treaty.
With three games still to come, Anand will now play with white pieces in the 10th game tomorrow. After that the players will get a day’s rest before the penultimate game of this World Championship is played.
Compared to the match in Chennai last year, when he lost 6.5-3.5 in just 10 games, Anand has done quite well and his two whites in the last three games gives him a real chance to make a match of it.
Carlsen, on his part, was not disappointed as he still maintained the lead.
“If there’s any disappointment with a short draw with Whites, it’s easy to swallow if you’re up in the match,” he said after the game.
Anand also noted that he was satisfied with the outcome.
“You just got to play the positions you get,” he said.

45% Indians will be on LTE by 2020: Ericsson Mobility ReportWith 18 million new mobile subscriptions, India was ahead of all other countries in Q3 2014.  (Reuters)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:17 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 3:33 pm
India is leading mobility growth globally and has the fastest growth for new mobile subscriptions with 18 million net additions in Q3 2014, according to the Ericsson Mobility Report. This is a substantial chunk of the 180 million connections added globally, just under rest of Asia (excluding China) and Africa as a whole, and largest for any country.
However, the most interesting aspect of this growth will be that by 2020, 45 per cent of the country’s population will be covered by LTE. At present the number under LTE in India is insignificant. By then, more than 95 per cent of the Indian population will be covered through GSM/EDGE technology, and over 90 per cent on WCDMA/HSPA networks, says the report. Globally, the growth of LTE will be at the cost GSM/EDGE, shows the report.
The report says “mobile data user demographics are evolving fast in India, with mobile broadband starting to bridge the digital divide  between the rural and urban populations”. “Mobile data usage and services are becoming increasingly mainstream, with a growing proportion of people from lower-income groups now downloading apps and streaming video content from the internet using mobile devices,” it adds.
The report shows that mobile usage is becoming increasingly data driven. In fact, mobile broadband users now send 40 out of every 100 messages through instant messaging apps, rather than SMS, thanks to lower cost, ease of use, ease of content sharing, and a better overall user experience. Similarly, on an average, 3G smartphone users download 10 new apps per month, of which chat and gaming apps account for more than 35 percent
While 61 percent of mobile broadband users are more willing to pay extra for an improved indoor connectivity experience, 80 per cent of mobile broadband users in India want to pay more for rich experience indoors.
Find the full report here
 

Inside  Godman  Rampal s ashramInside ‘Godman’ Sant Rampal’s ashram
Entrance to the Satlok Ashram of Sant Rampal.  (Source: PTI)
A ripped flexi board on top of the ashram.  (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
In the ashram, his pravachan area has a throne that also served as a lift for Rampal, who spoke from the second floor of a white marble structure fortified by glass. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Inside view of the Satlok Aashram of Sant Rampal in Hisar on Thursday. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Rampal’s three-floor palatial home has 18 rooms, each with at least one AC. The swimming pool has a special changing area. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Inside the ashram, there was evidence of a planned resistance, with hundreds of bottles intended to be used as crude bombs, and even Holi toys filled with petrol. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
In the satsang area, every 2 feet had crumpled mattresses, blankets and sheets, used by the 20,000 people inside during the siege. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
The ashram was stockpiled to feed and heal its inmates for several months. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
In another area there were several thousand additional blankets and pillows. For power, there were at least six large generators. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
In the kitchen was sack upon sack of rice, wheat and pulses. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Related

Playthings for plutocratsBentley’s fastest barge
Judging by three hyper-exclusive showpieces at the 2014 Los Angeles auto show, it is “game on” in the uppermost automotive echelon, where individuality and one-upmanship matter above all else. Here are the three biggest (quite literally so) movers on the floor in LA.
Mercedes-Maybach
Daimler design chief Gorden Wagener introduces the Mercedes-Maybach S600. (Daimler)
The Maybach nameplate returns after a two-year absence, though this time, it is a Mercedes-Maybach based on the lauded S-Class flagship sedan and wearing unique bodywork at the sides and rear, as well as an additional 8in of wheelbase. Inside, there’s a double-dip of luxury in leather, wood and even an active audio reinforcement system that allows rear-seat passengers to hear the driver more clearly, such is the sound absorbency inside. This, plus two folding tables in the rear and multi-adjustable, massaging seats create what Mercedes claims is the quietest workstation on the road.
One has to wonder about the Maybach name, though. After a show-stopping global debut to the world in New York in 2002 – which involved helicopters, cruise ships and police escorts –  the Maybach 57 and 62 never met sales goals. Daimler, Mercedes’ parent, counted on little-known engineering history of pre-WWII Maybachs to convey the marque’s station in the sector, but the backstory, however evocative, found few listeners.
Lutz Regelmann, the product manager for the S-Class programme, contends that the new Maybachs was a success with owners, but at the dawn of the current S-Class, the company needed to focus on getting the S-Class as perfect as possible for its sector. “After that, we could plan to extend the S-Class family with the Mercedes-Maybach. We don’t want to build a bridge to the former cars, but forge something new.”
Mercedes-Maybach S600 pricing with climb well past the current S-Class, but should not venture far beyond $200,000.
Porsche Panamera Turbo S Executive Exclusive
(Porsche Cars)
With the Cayenne SUV and Panamera sedan, Porsche stretched in borderline-heretical – if wildly profitable – directions. The brand moved a touch further away from its elemental-sports-car roots in Los Angeles with the Panamera Turbo S Executive Exclusive model.
Costing $263,900 in the US, the model takes Porsche deep into luxury terra firma against established players such as Bentley, Aston Martin and Rolls-Royce. The Panamera starts with a slightly extended wheelbase, then piles on full Nappa leather, dark walnut and piano black trim, 10in rear screens and a 4.8-litre, twin-turbo V8 engine belting out 570hp. To help differentiate the Exclusive from lesser Panameras, it rides on 20in black Sport Classic wheels, wears a custom multi-hue paint and packs a set of Poltrana Frau leather luggage in the boot.
“We learned quite a bit from the recent 918 program on what customers view as exclusive,” notes Andre Oosthuizen, Porsche’s US vice president of marketing. “We apply that knowledge here.”
Bentley Grand Convertible
(Newspress)
Kevin Rose, global head of sales and marketing at Bentley, said that the near-production Grand Convertible “illustrates the highest quality, attention to detail and craftsmanship we can offer to a very discerning buyer.”
Indeed, the Grand’s interior is resplendent with no fewer than 14 linen-hued hides, sophisticated diamond-pattern cross-stitching and the largest expanse of wooden veneer – a book-matched Burr Walnut tonneau cover – in Bentley history.
The decision to mount a soft top instead of a sophisticated folding hardtop was a calculated one, according to Rolf Frech, Bentley’s head of engineering. “We avoided a folding retractable hardtop in favour of a soft top for tradition reasons,” he says. “Some customers actually prefer the soft-top look.”
All of the Grand’s grandeur is supported by Bentley’s range-topping Mulsanne Speed chassis and the classic 6.75-litre, twin-turbo, 537hp V8 engine feeding the rear wheels. At 18 feet (5.5 metres) long and weighing in at over 5,000lbs (2,268kg), it’s no runabout, but that is precisely why customers at this end of the spectrum flock to such conveyances.
“We will consider a very small number of cars, highly individualised,” says Rose, who hints that each example could be a true one-off, with specific names per unit.
“We look for three key standout points in order to seriously consider any new model,” says Rose. “We look for a gap to the next level Bentley, whether it’s above or below. Second, we need a feeder group of customers large enough to justify development. And third, it must distinctly always be a Bentley.”
The subtext running beneath all those criteria is money, and lots of it. If it receives the green light, the Grand Coupe should command prices in the high $300,000 neighbourhood in the US.
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

Rolls-Royce Holdings-3.18
Winners and Losers are drawn from the set of FTSE 350 equities
All market data carried by BBC News is provided by DigitalLook.com. The data is for your general information and enjoys indicative status only. Neither the BBC nor Digital Look accept any responsibility for its accuracy or for any use to which it may be put. All share prices and market indexes delayed at least 15 minutes. 52 week high and low values are calculated from close price data. Click here for terms and conditions
Top Stories

Hillary Clinton: I support the Presidents decisionBy Philip Rucker November 20 Follow @PhilipRucker
Hillary Clinton issued a rare statement Thursday following President Obama's immigration speech:
I support the President’s decision to begin fixing our broken immigration system and focus finite resources on deporting felons rather than families. I was hopeful that the bipartisan bill passed by the Senate in 2013 would spur the House of Representatives to act, but they refused even to advance an alternative. Their abdication of responsibility paved the way for this executive action, which follows established precedent from Presidents of both parties going back many decades. But, only Congress can finish the job by passing permanent bipartisan reform that keeps families together, treats everyone with dignity and compassion, upholds the rule of law, protects our borders and national security, and brings millions of hard-working people out of the shadows and into the formal economy so they can pay taxes and contribute to our nation’s prosperity. Our disagreements on this important issue may grow heated at times, but I am confident that people of good will and good faith can yet find common ground. We should never forget that we’re not discussing abstract statistics – we’re talking about real families with real experiences. We’re talking about parents lying awake at night afraid of a knock on the door that could tear their families apart, people who love this country, work hard, and want nothing more than a chance to contribute to the community and build better lives for themselves and their children.
Philip Rucker is a national political correspondent for The Washington Post, where he has reported since 2005.

Tenn.s Haslam to chair Republican governors groupBy Reid Wilson November 20 Follow @postreid
Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam ( Photo by Jeffrey MacMillan )
Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam (R) will take over as chairman of the Republican Governors Association for the next year after winning election at the group’s annual meeting held this week in Boca Raton, Fla.
Haslam will succeed New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R), who helmed the group during 2014 and helped it raise more than $100 million. Republicans gained governorships in Massachusetts, Illinois, Maryland and Arkansas and held on to all but two of their incumbents during the Christie era.
Haslam’s job is a lot easier than Christie’s: Instead of overseeing 36 governors races, only three states — Kentucky, Mississippi and Louisiana — elect their governors in the year before a presidential election.
Two of those races already favor Republicans. Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant (R) is likely to cruise to reelection, and Louisiana Sen. David Vitter (R) is the early frontrunner to replace retiring Gov. Bobby Jindal (R).
In Kentucky, where Gov. Steve Beshear (D) is popular but term-limited, at least three Republicans are already in the race, and two more are thinking about entering. The winner will probably face Attorney General Jack Conway (D), the lone Democrat in the field.
Most of the money Haslam raises will carry over to 2016, when New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez (R) takes over the RGA. Martinez, who just won reelection to her second term, won election as the RGA’s vice chair at this year’s meeting.
Many of the big names in the ranks of Republican governors opted not to seek the chairmanship. Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker (R), Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R) and Indiana Gov. Mike Pence (R) all stayed out after party insiders made clear that an RGA chairman would not be able to both run the organization and run for president at the same time.
Democrats will elect a new head of the Democratic Governors Association at their meeting next month in Los Angeles, where Vermont Gov. Peter Shumlin’s (D) term will end.
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

Obama announces his edictBy Jennifer Rubin November 20 Follow @JRubinBlogger
In a prime-time address on Thursday President Obama announced his plan to use his executive authority on immigration policy, protecting millions of illegal immigrants from deportation. (AP)
The broadcast networks refused to air the president’s immigration speech, with some insiders admitting the networks found  it too political. Besides that, the speech was insulting to anyone remotely familiar with our system of government, and it assumes that his base is so unhinged it will stop at nothing to get what it wants. Obama seems to have learned (or didn’t) in the midterms that the country is not the same as his base.
By the time the speech rolled around,  we already knew the main provisions of his executive order and even the empty phrases
President Barack Obama speaks during a nationally televised address from the White House in Washington, Thursday, Nov. 20, 2014. Spurning furious Republicans, President Barack Obama unveiled expansive executive actions on immigration Thursday night to spare nearly 5 million people in the U.S. illegally from deportation and refocus enforcement efforts on “felons, not families.” (AP Photo/Jim Bourg, Pool)
to justify going around the law-making branch of government. He will grant a reprieve from deportation for three years for an estimated 4 million people, either illegal immigrant parents of children who are legal residents or citizens residing here for at least five years and those brought here by 2010 illegally as children. How anyone goes about definitively establishing exactly when people entered illegally will  be one of many issues to be worked out.
He proclaimed, “And to those members of Congress who question my authority to make our immigration system work better, or question the wisdom of me acting where Congress has failed, I have one answer: Pass a bill.”
But who needs Congress when the president declares what is reasonable and comes up with his own bill? (“What I’m describing is accountability—a common-sense, middle-ground approach: If you meet the criteria, you can come out of the shadows and get right with the law. If you’re a criminal, you’ll be deported.”) Of course, as president you don’t get to make up rules that change existing law simply because another branch won’t do what you want. That negates the essence of separation of powers and checks and balances. A president can’t take over the Congress’s delegated powers if others don’t cooperate any more than Congress can take over law enforcement or the courts can issue pardons (the president has that power).
And there was the false choice: Round up and deport everyone or he acts alone. It was this type of reasoning that suggests he thinks Americans are, to quote some adviser he had, “stupid.”
His assertion that other presidents have done the same is patently false, something the former constitutional law instructor should know.   No, in other cases the presidents acted to interpret existing law as Congress authorized them to do. And the huge number of the persons affected by Obama’s actions in and of itself sets a new and disturbing precedent.  In short, prior presidents were not operating in direct contravention of law that Congress refused to change.
Beyond the lame excuses for acting on his own, the plan risks another surge at the border. The reason for doing border security first is to cut off others who would flock seeking the same relief. And the purpose of a slow and demanding path to legalization is both to disincentivize other illegal immigrants and preserve the integrity of a system that determines (or used to determine) who gets into the country and who doesn’t. (He laughably described the border crises earlier this year as “a brief spike” in unaccompanied minors trying to enter.  One wonders how many spikes are ahead.)
From start to finish the speech was full of condescending admonitions for Congress to rise above politics and not shut down the government over this one issue. It is probably a blessing for him that the networks did not carry the speech. They would have melted the White House phone lines.
Speaker of the House John Boehner put out a succinct message before the president’s remarks: “Instead of working together to fix our broken immigration system, the president says he’s acting on his own.  That’s just not how our democracy works.   The president has said before that ‘he’s not king’ and he’s ‘not an emperor,’ but he’s sure acting like one.  And he’s doing it a time when the American people want nothing more than for us to work together.” That seems to sum it up.
And Rep. H. Morgan Griffith (R-Va.) made a sound point in his released statement , one of the more impressive of a slew of GOP missives. “I question the authority to make a blanket decision regarding the prosecution of criminal laws, as opposed to making decisions in a specific individual’s case.  Further, prosecutorial discretion does not give authority to grant unprosecuted violators with privileges or benefits such as work permits.  Such benefits granted to unprosecuted violators may be in violation of the law.” It is one thing not to deport it is another thing to award green cards in contravention of federal law.
As with the Taliban prisoner swap the White House may not have spotted the backlash about to wash over them.  The issue will no doubt come in to play in 2016. Speaking of which, what does Hillary Clinton think? It will be interesting to see if she agrees a president can do whatever he wants if Congress does not agree.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Longtime White House correspondent: If President Obama wants network time  try a news conferenceBy Erik Wemple November 20 Follow @ErikWemple
President Obama. (Reuters)
A collective shrug from the marquee broadcast television networks — ABC, NBC and CBS — met the prospect of President Obama’s 10-minute address tonight at 8 p.m. outlining his plans to reform the U.S. immigration system via executive action. They’re not going to be covering it, preferring instead to broadcast their regular prime-time programming, such as “The Biggest Loser: Glory Days” on NBC and “Grey’s Anatomy” on ABC.
Anyone wanting to catch the presentation can try any of the big three cable news networks — CNN, MSNBC or Fox News — as well as Telemundo and Univision, whose Spanish-speaking audiences are critical to the White House. Debate over the coverage plans — and just about every other aspect of the event — is fierce on the White House Facebook page , which yesterday broadcast a video of Obama teeing up the address.
Writing in Media Matters, Eric Boehlert rips the networks for the snub : “In exchange for using the public airwaves for free, and generating enormous profits off them, television broadcast networks in America agree to set aside time to fulfill their public interest obligation. Tonight’s brief, 10 to 15 minute address about immigration reform ought to be one of those times.”
Fine, but Boehlert may be more insistent on network coverage than the White House itself. Asked whether the White House formally requested coverage, the White House wouldn’t even provide the Erik Wemple Blog an on-the-record response. Others have reported that there was no formal request.
Ann Compton, a former ABC News correspondent who covered seven administrations, has advice for the president for the next go-round: Hold a one-hour news conference at 9 p.m., take a bunch of questions and watch the cameras roll. “He is very good at [news conferences],” says Compton. “He could actually move the ball down the court. Tonight all he’s going to do is … drop the puck on something and let more skirmishing begin.” Congressional Republicans have warned of a big fight over the executive actions.
“This is a president who kept the decision-making process on this important policy pretty opaque,” says Compton. “He didn’t do a lot to bring the American press in to cover the process. … They’re not going to get the three networks … to carry it live.” The White House provided no on-the-record response to this charge.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Texting is turning us into Neanderthals!By Alexandra Petri November 20 Follow @petridishes
Hi there, friend! Thanks for clicking my sensationalist headline!
I have terrible news. We are slouching slowly leftwards on the evolutionary scale. Here is a diagram, which Dr. Ken Hansraj, M.D. shared with the Post in order to alert us to the phenomenon of “text neck.”
Courtesy Dr. Ken Hansraj, M.D.
Look at what is happening to our necks. Jean-Baptiste Lamarck is tearing his hair out in his grave right now. (He was the pre-Darwinian theorist who thought that giraffes’ necks got that way not because of genetic selection but because the giraffes were stretching. Maybe he had a point!)
You’ve seen this picture before, and the trend goes the opposite way. Remember?
Here is a horrible horrible artist’s rendering that is the best I could do with Microsoft Paint.
 
(The one on the right has text neck but I don’t know what became of his nose. I am basically pleased with the fellow in the middle but he seems to need to use the restroom. I cannot apologize enough for the guy second from the right, who was intended to represent the peak of human evolution but has some kind of horrible flipper-hand. Please, if you know a six year-old who could do better, send her work to me, and I will use that picture instead.)
It’s not just the posture that’s regressing. We had bad posture before texting was a twinkle in anyone’s eye. If we merely had to adopt caveman posture (yes, I know I am conflating cavemen and neanderthals now, but fortunately none of them are here to be offended) I would not be panicking like this.
But we use caveman language too. We spend our days hunched over, communicating entirely in pictures. Just as our ancestors did! Yes, I speak of emoji.
Allow me to quote from a string of text messages I received just yesterday: “Lightning Bolt. Cactus. Pudding*? Rabbit. Kneeling Women. Crystal Ball. Telephone. White Square. Hourglass. Hourglass. Clock. Watch. Flashlight. Dollars. Drama Masks. Giant Stone Head.”
I have no idea what any of this means. In this new world, I am lost and adrift. Soon we’ll make all our communications by GIFs, emoji, and 3D-printed smoke signals.
The more I watch us devolving, the deeper my despair. I have always known that I would make a terrible caveman. I hate clubbing. I enjoy written language. My favorite activities include: delighting in the written word, taking long showers, and eating food that someone else has hunted and killed. I can start a fire, but only if it’s a Kindle Fire. The only thing I can reliably hunt down is an open WiFi connection. Can’t we revert to a stage of human development where I’d at least stand a fighting chance? For me, the Paleo diet is “starve and then die from eating a poisonous mushroom.”
If you are anything like me, it is time we put up a fight. Save the words! Use them! Look up! Stop texting emoji to each other! People are not cavemen, contrary to what it may feel like when you are a woman walking down the street trying to mind your own business.
We spent centuries evolving to use words, developing a facility with language, even learning how to spell. And now we throw it all away to hunch over and communicate in pictures? Not on my watch! We started this. We can end it. We just need to stop staring down into our phones and start communicating in words again. Put the phone down! Look up! How hard can it be?
Well, civilization was nice while it lasted.
*I am honestly not sure what this was.
Alexandra Petri writes the ComPost blog, offering a lighter take on the news and opinions of the day.

Postgame: Capitals deem road trip pretty successfulBy Alex Prewitt November 21 Follow @alex_prewitt
Alex Ovechkin flashes that winning smile Thursday night in Colorado. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)
DENVER – The lingering taste of their road trip had pivoted on a fortunate slashing penalty, a herculean goal by their captain and a stingy final six minutes, so the Washington Capitals could return home with a 3-2 victory over the Colorado Avalanche in their rearview mirror and a modest two-game win streak stuffed in their pockets.
“We would’ve been disappointed if we lost this game,” center Nicklas Backstrom said. “It would’ve been an unsuccessful road trip. But we won, we can say we were pretty successful.”
As they neared the first quarter checkpoint of the 2014-15 season, their first under Coach Barry Trotz, the Capitals scraped together another one-goal victory away from Verizon Center and, with an approaching December featuring nine road games, steeled themselves in the escape act.
After twice watching one-goal leads disappear, forward Alex Ovechkin’s solo effort put Washington ahead for good, but it was the entire third period, in which the Capitals stumbled back onto their heels and nearly coughed up the game, that left Trotz encouraged.
“I think it’s part of the team coming together,” he said. “Winning on the road, it feels like a bigger moral victory than at home. Winning on the road brings a team close together. Getting comfortable on the road is a good thing.”
The comfort only arrived at the final horn, because the Avalanche ratcheted up their intensity following Ovechkin’s goal. They pulled Reto Berra late, but goaltender Braden Holtby made 10 third-period saves and, for the fifth straight game, allowed two goals or fewer.
The Capitals can keep riding Holtby beyond Thanksgiving , with Saturday’s home date against Buffalo and consecutive games against the Islanders looming before their next back-to-back, and can too lug home the lessons learned in St. Louis, Arizona and Colorado.
A 4-1 bludgeoning by the Blues opened eyes inside the locker room to the reality of how they compared to the league’s hottest team , and though the nail-biting course of an overtime win against the Coyotes and later Thursday night, closing the trip with two victories mattered more than the twisting routes taken to get there.
“It’s obviously big,” Holtby said. “We want to get all the points we can possibly get anywhere. Doesn’t matter road-home. These last two games I think we played two very underrated teams. They play with a lot of speed and they’re very good. We answered it and came away with two wins.”
They also emerged with contributions from two players who had struggled to find the net. Ovechkin’s second-period assist to Backstrom was the top-line’s first goal since Nov. 11 against Columbus . Forward Jason Chimera put the Capitals ahead 2-1 later that period, on a solo snipe from beyond the left faceoff dot, a moment Trotz later saw as emblematic of his team’s maintained focus.
“Jason missed two open nets basically on that bang-bang play [in the first period] and I would say earlier in the season, Chimmer would be a little bit rattled for the rest of the game” Trotz said. “He didn’t. He sort of stayed with it and he got rewarded. We’re working through things. I was really happy with that.”
Happier, even, because the Capitals avoided the ultimate collapse which haunted them earlier this season, even though Backstrom and Chimera’s goals were both answered. Because they had managed to win their fourth one-goal game over the past five which fit the bill, after losing six of their first seven.
“There’s a good calmness about it, and that’s what I like about our group,” he said. “It’s becoming very calm in the close games. If you can win those close games, you’re going to move up the ladder.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Obama  immigration  and the rule of law [updated with additional material on precedents for Obama s action]By Ilya Somin November 20
Opponents of President Obama’s recently announced plan to defer the deportation of up to 5 million undocumented immigrants argue that it undermines the rule of law . After all, they contend, the president is required to enforce federal law as written, not pick and choose which violators to go after and which to exempt. But, in reality, all modern presidents inevitably make policy choices about which violations of federal law to prosecute. Obama’s decision to defer deportation is in line with those of past presidents, and well within the scope of his authority.
To the extent that the rule of law is in jeopardy here, it is because the scope of federal law has grown so vast that no administration can target more than a small percentage of violations, thereby unavoidably giving the president broad discretion. Moreover, at least under the original meaning of the Constitution, the legality of the immigration laws that Obama has chosen not to enforce in some cases is itself suspect.
I. Executive Discretion in Enforcement of Deportation Laws is not Illegal
Because of the enormous scope of federal criminal law , presidents routinely exercise extraordinarily broad discretion in deciding which violations to prosecute. Far more violators are systematically ignored than punished. To take just one of many examples, for decades federal law enforcement officials have almost never prosecuted the possession and use of marijuana on college campuses, even though such possession is clearly forbidden by the Controlled Substances Act. By doing so, they have let many millions of federal criminals of the hook, including the last three presidents of the United States – far more than are exempted from deportation by Obama’s policy.
Article II of the Constitution states that the president must “take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.” But that does not mean that the president has an absolute duty to prosecute all violations of federal law, or that he cannot choose which ones to pursue based on policy considerations. If it did, virtually every president in the last century or more would be in violation.
Some argue there is a crucial distinction between case-by-case decisions not to prosecute (as with marijuana possession on campus) and a generalized, systematic policy of not doing so in a category of cases. But that distinction makes little sense . After, all, case-by-case decisions are often driven by policy considerations such as the the harm caused by the violation in question and whether federal resources might be better employed elsewhere. At the very least, there is no meaningful difference between a de facto policy of exempting a large category of violations from prosecution (as with marijuana possession on campus) and a more explicit, formal decision to the same effect. If anything, the latter is preferable because it is more transparent and more readily subject to public scrutiny and debate.
Moreover, past presidents such as Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush have systematically exempted large numbers of illegal immigrants from deportation, including some 1.5 million people in the case of Bush. That does not by itself prove that Obama is acting legally; perhaps Reagan and Bush were undermining the rule of law as well. But it does at least provide an important precedent, especially since few in either party claimed that the prior administrations’ actions were illegal at the time they were done. In this field, Congress itself has delegated wide latitude to the president , which makes the exercise of discretion even less problematic than in many other cases where the law is written in a more categorical way.
II. Dangers of Excessive Discretion and the Overexpansion of Federal Law
To the extent that large-scale use of prosecutorial discretion is ever appropriate, it is surely so in the case of helping people whose only violation of the law is fleeing poverty and oppression under terrible Third World governments. Few other offenders have such a compelling moral justification for breaking the law . I strongly support the legalization of marijuana and the abolition of the War on Drugs more generally. But illegal immigrants violating the law to escape Third World conditions are considerably more deserving of our compassion than college students violating it to experiment with marijuana or other illegal drugs. If exemption from prosecution is acceptable for the latter, it should be permitted for the former too.
There is a danger that wide-ranging presidential use of prosecutorial discretion can result in abuses of power. Indeed, such abuse is almost inevitable in a world where the scope of federal law is so broad that most Americans have probably violated it at one point or another, but only a few are ever likely to be investigated and prosecuted . But that danger existed long before Obama’s announcement today, and the president has not made it any worse than it was before. Long before today, presidential administrations unavoidably had to make broad discretionary decisions about which of the many violations of federal law out there are worth prosecuting and which ones are not. And long before today, those decisions were influenced by policy and moral considerations.
Some safeguards are provided by constitutional bans on certain types of discrimination. For example, the president cannot choose which offenders to prosecute based on their race, gender or religion. But the only way to really fix the problem of excessive discretion is to reduce the scope of federal law such that the federal government can go after a much higher percentage of violations. We can also reduce it to encompass a much narrower range of offenses, hopefully only those for which there is a broad bipartisan consensus that they really are serious crimes deserving of punishment. That way, presidents will hesitate to forego enforcement of them, because doing so will result in paying a high political price. So long as we have a large number of federal laws that neither the public nor the political elite really wants to enforce to the hilt, there will be extensive opportunities for abuse.
III. The Originalist Case for Obama’s Policy
Finally, it is worth noting that the the immigration laws covered by the president’s executive order may go against the original meaning of the Constitution. Under the original understanding, Congress did not have a general power to restrict immigration (though it did have power over naturalization). That may not matter to adherents of “living constitution” theories of legal interpretation. It also should not matter to those who believe that the Constitution generally means whatever Supreme Court precedent says it means. Immigration restrictions have been deemed permissible under longstanding precedent dating back to 1889 .
But it should matter to those who consider themselves constitutional originalists, which includes many of the conservatives who have been most vehement in opposing Obama’s actions today. If you believe that the Constitution should be interpreted in accordance with its original meaning, and that nonoriginalist Supreme Court decisions should be overruled or at least viewed with suspicion, then you should welcome the use of presidential discretion to cut back on enforcement of laws that themselves go against the original meaning.
I am no fan of the Obama administration’s approach to constitutional interpretation. In too many instances, the president really has acted illegally and undermined the rule of law – most notably by starting wars without congressional authorization . But today’s decision isn’t one of them.
UPDATE: Co-blogger Jonathan Adler discussed the wide latitude for executive discretion under immigration law in this post .
UPDATE #2: I would add that the part of the president’s new policy offering work permits to some of those whose deportation is deferred in no way changes the analysis above. The work permits are merely a formalization of the the president’s exercise of prosecutorial discretion here, which indicates that the administration will not attempt to deport these people merely for being present in the United States and attempting to find jobs here. They do not purport to legalize their status, and the policy of nondeportation can be reversed at any time by the president or his successor.
In addition, the federal statute that forbids employment of “unauthorized aliens” includes an exemption for those “authorized to be so employed by this chapter or by the Attorney General,” and the AG is presumably going to issue such authorizations for those covered by the president’s executive order.
UPDATE #3: Some argue that the George H.W. Bush’s decision to exempt some 1.5 million illegal immigrants from deportation in 1990 is different from Obama’s decision because the former exercise of discretion was authorized by Congress in the 1986 Immigration Reform and Control Act, which gave the president authority to preclude deportation in cases where doing so would “assure family unity.” But as the Office of Legal Counsel points out in its memo defending Obama’s actions , other federal laws give the president authority to forego deportation more generally, including cancellation of removal. Moreover, as the memo points out, the Supreme Court in Arizona v. United States has explicitly interpreted existing immigration law as giving the the executive branch the authority to defer deportation for humanitarian reasons:
A principal feature of the removal system is the broad discretion exercised by immigration officials… Federal officials, as an initial matter, must decide whether it makes sense to pursue removal at all….
Discretion in the enforcement of immigration law embraces immediate human concerns. Unauthorized workers trying to support their families, for example, likely pose less danger than alien smugglers or aliens who commit a serious crime. The equities of an individual case may turn on many factors, including whether the alien has children born in the United States, long ties to the community, or a record of distinguished military service.
UPDATE #4: Timothy Sandefur responds to this post here , arguing that Obama’s actions are inconsistent with the word “faithfully” in the Take Care Clause. As he puts it, “taking actions the President himself has repeatedly admitted are illegal–not as a result of budgetary problems, but simply because he disagrees with current law, is not faithful execution of the law.” But Sandefur also admits that “A president faced with limited resources who chooses to prosecute only the severest crimes the budget will allow, is faithfully taking care that the laws be executed.” The judgment of which crimes are the “severest” necessarily rests in large part on policy and moral considerations. Thus, in a world where, due to budgetary constraints and the enormous scope of federal law, the president can only prosecute a small fraction of all violators, he can legitimately choose to prosecute those offenses he considers most severe based on policy and moral judgments. That is true in the case of drug laws, and it is equally true in the case of immigration law. Indeed, it is more true in the case of the latter, given the broad discretion Congress has delegated him.
Sandefur also worries that my analysis gives the president so much discretion “that no president would ever be in violation” of the Take Care Clause. Not so. A president who uses executive power to harrass people who haven’t violated any law would be in violation of the duty to “faithfully” execute the law on the books. He would also be in violation if he chose targets for prosecution not based on the severity or importance of the crimes they committed but based on personal or political animus towards the accused. He would also be in violation if he attempted not only to refrain from prosecuting violators, but to decree that they had not violated the law at all, thereby precluding future presidents from going after the perpetrators as well. Obama has arguably done the latter in the case of his Obamacare waivers . But he did not do it in his immigration executive order.
UPDATE #5: Sandefur responds further in an update to his original post:
Seems to me Prof. Somin gives up when he says that the President would violate the Take Care Clause if he “chose targets for prosecution not based on the severity or importance of the crimes they committed but based on personal or political animus towards the accused.” I see no difference in principle between that and choosing not to enforce the law out of political animus toward the law itself. Both are bad faith refusals to see that the laws be executed, and this violate the Constitution. he only alternative to that view, it seems to me, is to read the word “faithfully” out of the Clause and this allow the President unlimited authority to choose which laws to enforce and which to disregard, based on his own preferences.
There is an obvious difference between choosing enforcement priorities based on policy judgments about the law in question, and doing so based on purely personal animus against the offender. The former is based on a judgment of the public benefits of law enforcement priority, whereas the latter is not a law enforcement objective at all, but a matter of personal antagonism between the executive and the defendant. If making such a distinction means giving up on using the Take Care Clause to limit presidential discretion, than Sandefur himself has given up, given his willingness to allow the president to pick and choose targets based on his judgment of the severity of violations. Judgments of severity are inevitably linked to policy and moral considerations similar to those that likely motivated Obama’s executive order on immigration.
Prosecution based on political animus against an individual is even more easily distinguished from discretion based on policy considerations relating to the nature of the law at issue. Targeting potential defendants based on their political views threatens First Amendment individual rights. Unlike individuals, laws don’t have any First Amendment rights.
Finally, Sandefur’s rejoinder ignores the various other limits on presidential discretion mentioned in my earlier post. I note some additional ones here .
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

The Justice Departments memorandum on deferring deportation of some categories of illegal aliensBy Eugene Volokh November 20 Follow @volokhc
If you’re interested, here’s the Justice Department Office of Legal Counsel’s opinion titled, “The Department of Homeland Security’s Authority to Prioritize Removal of Certain Aliens Unlawfully Present in the United States and to Defer Removal of Others” , released yesterday. I’d be happy to add links to any detailed legal analyses on the other side. (This isn’t my area of expertise, so I can’t opine confidently on the arguments myself.)
UPDATE: Prof. Josh Blackman has a detailed analysis.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Why more than 100 000 people have asked TLC to dump the DuggarsBy Abby Ohlheiser November 20 Follow @abbyohlheiser
The Duggar family on the campaign trail for Ken Cuccinelli in Virginia in 2013. (Matt McClain/The Washington Post)
With the winds of national press attention at its back, a change.org petition urging TLC to cancel “19 Kids and Counting” has racked up more than 100,000 signatures. The reason, as stated by the petition’s creator: Recent anti-gay statements made by members of the Duggars, the family that stars on the popular TLC show.
One of those statements came in an August robocall voiced by Michelle Duggar , who blasted an anti-discrimination ordinance in Arkansas. Duggar claimed in the message that the ordinance would allow “males with past child predator convictions that claim they are female to have a legal right to enter private areas that are reserved for women and girls” — words that petition author Jim Wissick  says “reek of ignorance and fear mongering.”
In her robocall, Duggar urged residents to “speak up for protecting women and children” and said the proposal would “endanger their daughters or allow them to be traumatized by a man joining them in their private space.” The ordinance, which passed, prohibits businesses and public accommodations from discriminating against people based on their sexual orientation or gender identity.
Wissick also mentioned Josh Duggar’s job, working for the conservative Family Research Council, which is known for its strong opposition to same-sex marriage laws.
For those who have been following the Duggars, the petition raises a question: Why now?
While they speak often of common ground with most Americans, the Duggars are a proud, outspoken spokes-family for their conservative Christian beliefs. They’re seen as rock-star guests for socially conservative politicians and conferences; in 2012, for instance, they campaigned for Rick Santorum.
Their beliefs have become a bigger part of their TLC show this season: As their children age, the usually light reality show has looked more closely at what the Duggars believe is — and isn’t — a family. In other words, the Duggar kids are getting married.
The Duggars are part of the Quiverfull movement, a small, conservative evangelical movement that urges its followers to have as many children as God will give them. Jim Bob and Michelle Duggars were given 19 children. They, as many Quiverfull families do, home-schooled their kids. The oldest have themselves taken up the faith of their parents, becoming eloquent, practiced spokespeople for their relatively obscure set of beliefs.
The four oldest daughters published their first book this year, an advice book for relationships. Among other things, the Duggar women discussed their belief in courtship: Duggar women don’t date, and they save anything more than a side-arm hug for after marriage. No kissing.
This ninth season of “19 Kids and Counting” has been filled with their courtships, engagements and marriages.
Now that they’re married, however, the Duggar children have been doing their best to show the edgy side of what they see as a godly, married relationship:
Post by Duggar Family Official .
Emphasis on godly: A gay couple posted its own “kiss” picture in response to the call for similar photos, and it was apparently removed from the Duggars’ Facebook page .
Although the Duggars and TLC have not commented on the change.org petition, or on the controversy surrounding the removal of that kiss photo, the family did put a line of scripture , Luke 6:27, on its official site: “But I say to you who hear, love your enemies, do good to those who hate you, 28 bless those who curse you, pray for those who mistreat you.”
The  post goes on : “This is such a sweet scripture that we hold dear. We will always stand for truth and the values we hold dear without compromise but we will do so in love and kindness–treating others well even if we don’t agree with them and we will do so without hateful words. This verse is a reminder of how we must always carry ourselves. Precious words from Jesus.”
Their supporters have  responded to the petition in kind with their own petitions, including a change.org petition to keep “19 Kids and Counting” on the air, and another at Lifesitenews that has more than 45,000 signatures. “Rather than being extreme, the Duggars represent the majority of people in state after state who have stood up for the traditional family,” the petition argues.
For a family that’s made a career of overcoming a significant theological gap with many Americans, the Duggars have until recently avoided mainstream criticism. But they’re hardly the first conservative reality-show family to face blowback for the ideas they support.
The Robertsons of “Duck Dynasty” fame emerged late last year from their own controversy about anti-gay remarks with their highly-rated A&E show intact — and even more support from a conservative fan base that has adopted some members of the family as folk heroes. Family patriarch Phil Robertson has written a new book and gets to go on Fox News to opine on issues such as the Islamic State .
Sadie Robertson, a teenager, recently told E! News that she was “honored” that people compared her to the Duggars after she announced she would remain abstinent until marriage. “I’ve actually met the Duggars once and they’re great people,” she said. “So to be compared to them is actually an honor, not anything bad.”
[This post has been updated]
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

Comcast is testing a way to tell you exactly when the cable guy is comingComcast is trying out a way to let customers track technicians. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar, File)
Don't look now: Comcast may actually be doing something good for customer service.
The company, which has been rated the worst company in America  for consumers, announced  Thursday that it's launching a tool aimed at cutting down the time you waste waiting for their technicians. The firm is testing a new feature in its app that will notify customers when a technician is about 30 minutes away -- more precise than the broader two-hour service windows that Comcast offers now. And if the technician gets stuck in traffic or otherwise hung up, the app will provide real-time updates on his or her progress.
"We’re hoping this will prevent our customers from just needing to sit at home and wait," wrote Charlie Herrin, Comcast's senior vice president of customer experience in a company blog post. "They can check the app from the office, or wherever they are, and head home when they see we’re on our way."
Comcast is well aware that its customer service leaves a lot of its subscribers wanting. Comcast executive vice president David Cohen even said at a Senate hearing  last spring that it "bothers us we have so much trouble delivering high quality of service to customers on a regular basis."
The company has tried in the past to rehabilitate its image. For example, it reduced service windows from four hours to two hours all the way back in 2011. It also launched a companywide effort to change its image, with commercials that tout its promise for "on-time-all-the-time" appointments that can be scheduled during weekdays, on nights or over weekends.
A limited number of customers outside the Boston area will be the first to get to try the new tracking service, according to a company spokeswoman. Initially, the option will roll out to only a few hundred customers, but Comcast said in a company blog post that it plans to bring the service to everyone next year if the testing goes well.
Have more to say on this topic? Join us today for our weekly live chat, Switchback. We'll kick things off at 11 a.m. Eastern time. You can submit your questions now,  right here .
Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post.

The super PAC to end all super PACs was supposed to fix money in politics. Heres what went wrong.By Brian Fung November 20 Follow @b_fung
The U.S. Capitol at sunset. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File)
It was supposed to be the super PAC to end all super PACs. The brainchild of Harvard professor Larry Lessig, Mayday PAC aimed to get money out of politics by wielding it against candidates who didn't support campaign finance reform. After amassing $10 million in a matter of weeks, Mayday started pouring it into congressional races around the country.
But the ambitious plot didn't pan out . Rather than send a wave of pro-reform politicians to Congress, Mayday was rewarded with mostly defeats. Now it's back to the drawing board. Two weeks out from Election Day, Mayday ally Ben Wikler explains what went wrong (and what went right). Wikler, a staffer at MoveOn.org and a friend of Lessig's who helped Mayday gain steam on his left-leaning podcast, " The Good Fight ," sat down with me Wednesday at Fusion's Washington conference for social change.
Brian Fung: So you probably weren't expecting it to turn out the way that it did. What happened?
Ben Wikler: I was not ecstatic about the 2014 midterm elections. It's disappointing to see voter turnout plummet to the lowest levels since 1942. This was such a low-attention election, and it resulted in the election of people who appealed to — well, angry people, essentially. I think it was a snapshot of who was fired up, but it wasn't a snapshot of what the country thinks in general.
When I look at it from Mayday's perspective, Mayday had done this experiment to try to find out whether corruption and money in politics could move voters. They took an audacious path which is to choose races that everyone thought were… (trails off)
Hopeless cases.
Hopeless cases, yeah. And part of the thesis was, if they would win in those races then no one could claim that it wasn't Mayday and money in politics that made the difference. The other part of that experiment is, even if you don't win, you can show significant movement in the polls.
My reaction the day after the election was similar to Larry Lessig's, which was: "Okay, we see the election returns. Mayday didn't defy all the laws of political physics and make a handful of races move in the opposite direction from the rest of the country." But the real question is what happens when you dig into the numbers underneath that. And it seems like they did move a bunch of voters.
Reading the data they've generated since the election, we know that in all the targeted races, there was a double-digit percentage of voters who said that money in politics was their top voting issue, and those people were significantly more likely to vote for Mayday's endorsed candidate.
The other thing is New Hampshire, where they poured several million dollars into the primary, Scott Brown, six weeks after the primary, was still viewed as a lobbyist and bad on money and politics by significant, a really big chunk of the electorate.
I don't think Mayday has claimed victory in the New Hampshire general election race -- they didn't do any expenditures in the general -- but it seems like they played a role in Scott Brown being defeated in a state where it could have gone the other direction.
Was there any thought about going into Louisiana?
I don't know. I didn't work for Mayday — I wasn't on the inside. My engagement with Mayday was as the host of "The Good Fight" and a friend of Larry's. I found it fascinating and exciting. But I don't know more than what Larry talked about.
The other thing that I think has been missed in coverage of Mayday, especially since the election, is that the power of super PACs is the power of their threat. So if you're an incumbent office holder, who are your potential threats? Who do you need to ward off?
Someone like Fred Upton is the classic example of this cycle. Fred Upton was a totally safe Republican, who had $2.5 million in his warchest and didn't have a serious opponent. Mayday came in, played really hard, Upton drained his entire warchest, had to be bailed out by the Koch brothers and started calling Mayday's donors, asking them to stop donating. I wouldn't be surprised if a bunch of other people didn't care about what happened to him and think, at the very least, they don't want to stick their neck out on [campaign finance]. It creates a different set of incentives if you know there's a pot of money that can potentially either drain the warchest you spent so many hours and so many days building, or that could back you in a primary or general challenge.
Did you see that Re/code piece about Mayday and Upton and how the tech lobby was up in arms because Mayday was going up against this guy who's been friendly to the tech industry? That seems like an interesting juxtaposition to me.
Well, I mean part of that article was about how Upton and his team were contacting these donors to Mayday and were like, "Hey, why are you supporting this thing that's going after me?" It could be that people who are regulated by Upton are nervous about giving to Mayday in the next cycle. But it also exactly proves Mayday's point. This is a very vivid demonstration of the interplay of money and politics.
So, there is going to be a next cycle for Mayday.
Yes. Mayday's laying its plans right now, and there are a couple of avenues for that. There's this army of people — almost 70,000 people now — who donated to Mayday in the last round. And they want to basically work with that group to turn them into citizen lobbyists and storm all these members of Congress and ask them to sign on.
The second thing is, one of the big lessons Larry drew from this cycle is that partisanship trumps almost everything else. So if you're a Republican, you're not going to vote for a Democrat because of your concern about a particular issue, and vice versa. There are almost no Democrats who would vote for a Republican simply because the Democrat is bad on campaign finance. What does that tell you? That tells you you should work in primaries. There are lots of primaries where this is potentially a dividing line.
Do you feel like Mayday had enough money going in this time around?
Mayday had enough to learn a lot. I think if Mayday had $20 million in this election cycle, probably the results would've been similar, the same way that all the groups that did have $20 million clearly didn't win every race. Like, Tom Steyer spent a lot more than Mayday , and he didn't elect a wave of pro-climate change folks.
It's interesting you bring up Tom Steyer because it doesn't seem like his strategy is to end the super PAC system; it's to work within it. And Larry was working within it, too, but his aim was to —
– To end it, yeah.
So, are we going to see more Tom Steyer-style work, or …?
The reason why money and power is significant is that it changes the behavior of elected people. Winning elections is one way it does that, but also taking up a huge amount of their time, or threatening their careers, or giving them a positive incentive to make their fundraising job easier. Those are all really powerful forces. Creating avenues for access is a really powerful force.
People forget that safe, incumbent senators spend hours a day doing call time, sitting in nondescript cubicles, picking up the phone, leaving voicemails for donors asking for a couple thousand dollars at a time, sometimes asking for people's credit card numbers over the phone — these are United States senators who are transcribing credit card numbers into a form with a pen — it's just the worst part of the job. All of them hate it. So if someone's potentially going to spend $1 million to beat you, and you need to raise that money in order to ward off the power of their attack, that just sucks.
That's one of the reasons why money that is connected to specific issue agendas is really significant, even when it doesn't significantly change the composition of who's in Congress. It does shift what people pay attention to.
What's your impression of the way Mayday's money was allocated this cycle? If you were to draw a pie chart, what would that look like?
I should check what the figures are. I'm not sure they posted a specific breakdown. My impression is that a fair amount was spent on the airwar, on TV ads.
Any door-to-door action?
I don't know if they did a field campaign this cycle or not. My impression is they're thinking much more seriously about it in the next one. I almost feel like second-guessing the specific allocation of resources to different tactics misses the broader point, which is making a visible demonstration of the threat of being on the wrong side of money in politics.
There have been a bunch of great pieces of journalism where they talk to members of Congress about what Citizens United means to them, and what you hear over and over is what they hate about the rise of super PACs is that they can build a campaign plan, raise all the money they need to, build their coalition, have their field operation, everything is going to plan, and the week before the election, suddenly somebody drops $500,000 into their race. Their only chance at survival is finding somebody to drop $500,000 in on their side, and it's just out of their control.
If you look at Bloomberg's strategy on gun safety , part of the idea there is that politicians routinely inoculated themselves against NRA attacks but now there's actually a countervailing force. If the NRA goes after you, you know that someone else will come in on the other side with equal ferocity. And you might have to inoculate yourself against a Bloomberg attack in your primary.
What do you differently next time? Where does Mayday go from here?
One big part of Mayday's plan that did not work was getting a match by billionaires who were already pouring money into the political process, but who also wanted to end the power of money in the political process. That was part of the really interesting idea —  a lot of megadonors are only donating because they have to given the way the system works, but that they would also like the system to change. But none of those people really came through.
Mayday's constituency, Mayday's tribe, is made of people who are frustrated by how the system works. And it should be focused on them, and frankly it seems like it's more a small-dollar community than a big-dollar community. That means there's going to be more patient, grassroots-focused organizing, but it also means that there's going to be an army of constituents in all these cities across the country that can do lobbying work. And giving people more avenues to have an impact than just donating is going to be a key part of Mayday's future.
There was a strain of thinking during this whole process that maybe Larry's too close to this, and that people are seeing this as Larry's project. Do you see it the same way, and is that something that needs to be changed?
I would like to see 100 more Larrys. But I don't want to see less Larry. I think having an effective ambassador for an issue is an extraordinary gift, and most issues don't have one. As a white male progressive Harvard law professor, there are certain people who will tune into every word he says, and there are others who will dismiss him from the outset. And what you want is communicators who can reach all the different audiences that need to be mobilized. Rush Limbaugh helped create this entire cohort of right-wing talk radio hosts by dint of being so successful at it. And what I'd love to see is an ambitious political communicator saying, "I want to be a money-in-politics champion just like Larry Lessig," and go out and make their case.
So Larry Lessig is going to be the Rush Limbaugh of money in politics.
(Laughs) As much as he might hate that metaphor, in the very specific way that I mean it, yes.
Have more to say on this topic? Join us today for our weekly live chat, Switchback. We'll kick things off at 11 a.m. Eastern time. You can submit your questions now,  right here .
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecom, broadband and digital politics. Before joining the Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic.

Why your bathtub is actually far scarier than ebolaBy Ana Swanson November 20 Follow @anaswanson
The U.S. has recorded its second death from Ebola, after Dr. Martin Salia, who contracted the disease while working in Sierra Leone,  passed away  on Monday. Even so, there are still a lot of things that are more likely to kill the average American than Ebola -- including spiders, lakes, food and your bathtub.
The chart below shows average annual deaths by cause in the United States, using data from a 2014 National Safety Council Report. For an interactive version of your lifetime and yearly odds of dying from each of these causes, check out  this Washington Post interactive feature .
This post comes via Know More, Wonkblog's social media site for the best and most interesting visuals, videos, and data hits from around the Web. Check out Know More on its  homepage ,  Twitter  or  Facebook .
Ana Swanson writes for Know More and Wonkblog.

Fewer shoppers say they ll be out on ThanksgivingFewer shoppers say they'll be out on Thanksgiving
Holiday shopping
Chris Sweda, Chicago Tribune
Shoppers pack Macy's at Woodfield Mall in Schaumburg on Thanksgiving last year. Fewer shoppers say they'll be out during the holiday this year.
Shoppers pack Macy's at Woodfield Mall in Schaumburg on Thanksgiving last year. Fewer shoppers say they'll be out during the holiday this year. (Chris Sweda, Chicago Tribune)
Thanksgiving Black Friday (shopping) National Retail Federation
Do you plan to shop on Thanksgiving? More people say they won't.
Despite many retailers' plans to open their doors earlier on Thanksgiving Day, fewer consumers say they expect to shop during the holiday this year than last, possibly an indication that improved economic conditions means people are less desperate for the deepest discounts.
0
Of the 140 million people who said they may or will shop online or in stores during the Thanksgiving weekend, 25.6 million, or 18.3 percent, said they plan to shop Thursday, down from 23.5 percent who planned to do so last year, according to a survey released Thursday by the National Retail Federation.
And while the overall number of anticipated shoppers over the weekend is about the same as last year, equating to about 60 percent of Americans, fewer people say they are certain they will shop and more say they are waiting to see if the sales are worth it.
"Consumers today want more than just the discounts they've been showered with since the start of the recession; they want exclusive offerings and a good reason to spend their discretionary budgets," said federation President and CEO Matthew Shay. "We could witness a sea change this holiday season as consumers' reliance on extremely deep discounts over the biggest shopping weekend of the year shifts to more of a wait-and-see mentality around what retailers will be offering on Thanksgiving Day and Black Friday."
But what people plan isn't necessarily what they will do. The federation's post-Thanksgiving survey last year found that 44.8 million shoppers turned out on Thanksgiving Day, a rise of 27 percent from 2012.
Kathy Grannis, spokeswoman for the National Retail Federation, attributed the wide discrepancy between projection and reality to the spontaneity of the day.
"You're done with dinner, you've got family in town, you're bored, it's Thursday night at 7 p.m.," Grannis said. "That's the same mentality that goes into a shopper's mind every year."
Nearly 80 percent of millennials, loosely defined as people born in the 1980s and '90s, plan to shop during the Thanksgiving weekend, more than any other age group, though fewer plan to venture out on the holiday this year than last and more plan to shop on Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving that traditionally starts to the holiday shopping season.
Black Friday remains the most-popular shopping day of the holiday weekend, drawing 68.2 percent of anticipated shoppers, or 95.5 million people, followed by Saturday, Sunday and Thanksgiving Day.
Nearly three-quarters of Saturday shoppers said they will or may shop specifically for Small Business Saturday, which is when mom and pop shops feature their promotions.
Many major retailers have announced plans to open earlier on Thanksgiving Day, with Macy's, Target, Sears, Kohl's, Staples and others opening at 6 p.m., while J.C. Penney and Toys R Us plan to open at 5 p.m. Steep Black Friday deals also are launching days early.

With  Luck   Illinois hopes to lure young adults to buy insuranceWith 'Luck,' Illinois hopes to lure young adults to buy insurance
Luck Health Plan: You'll be okay. Probably.
The Luck health plan, part of a marketing campaign by Get Covered Illinois for younger adults to sign up for the Affordable Care Act health insurance plan. (Get Covered Illinois)
The Luck health plan, part of a marketing campaign by Get Covered Illinois for younger adults to sign up for the Affordable Care Act health insurance plan. (Get Covered Illinois)
Health Insurance Healthcare Policies and Laws Luck (tv program) Affordable Care Act (Obamacare)
"You'll be okay, probably." Satirical state ad aims to lure millennials into signing up for health
A new ad campaign from Illinois is making fun of a no-insurance mindset to try to get young adults to sign up for health insurance, using the tag line, "You'll be okay, probably."
Luck health plan
Get Covered Illinois
The Luck health plan, part of a marketing campaign by Get Covered Illinois for younger adults to sign up for the Affordable Care Act health insurance plan.
The Luck health plan, part of a marketing campaign by Get Covered Illinois for younger adults to sign up for the Affordable Care Act health insurance plan. (Get Covered Illinois)
The ads, which show young people cavorting around Chicago in cardboard splints and other homemade remedies, promote a fictitious "Luck Plan." The 30-second spots aired on network television in Illinois this week, the first week of open enrollment under the Affordable Care Act. The campaign targets millennials, whose participation in insurance is important to the health law's success but who have been more reluctant than others to sign up.
The ads, developed by Downtown Partners Chicago, are based on recent research, said Jose Munoz, chief marketing officer for Get Covered Illinois, the state's enrollment arm.
"To get people's attention you have to do one of two things — you have to be extremely funny or extremely offensive," Munoz said. "We went with funny."

Flywheel raises $12 million to take on UberFlywheel raises $12 million to take on Uber
Travis Kalanick
Abel Arciniega / Chicago Tribune
Travis Kalanick, founder of Uber, addresses the crowd at the Chicago Venture Summit.
Travis Kalanick, founder of Uber, addresses the crowd at the Chicago Venture Summit. (Abel Arciniega / Chicago Tribune)
By Mashable

Dow  S&P 500 end at records after U.S. data  Intel outlookWall Street falls with energy shares; global data disappoints
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
8
Energy <.SPNY> was easily the worst-performing S&P sector, down 3.6 percent, as Brent crude  fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year. The index is down more than 10 percent for the year, making it the only one of the 10 major S&P sectors in negative territory for the year.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
"I think people are looking at the potential ripple effects from the slide in oil. You're seeing some of these ripple effects today," said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles, noting there also seems to be profit-taking as year's end draws near.
Adding to the bearish tone, data showed China's exports grew at a slower-than-expected pace and imports dropped 6.7 percent in November, while Japan's economy shrank more than expected in the third quarter.
Concerns over the global economy were offset by signs of strength in the U.S. economy, including Friday's payrolls report. The S&P 500 closed Friday's session with its 49th record of the year, and is up more than 11 percent from an October low.
In response to falling oil prices, ConocoPhillips  said its capital budget for 2015 would drop 20 percent to $13.5 billion. Conoco shares lost 3.6 percent.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 87.91 points, or 0.49 percent, to 17,870.88, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 12.65 points, or 0.61 percent, to 2,062.72 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 36.97 points, or 0.77 percent, to 4,743.79.
McDonald's  shares lost 3.8 percent to $92.70 after the fast-food restaurant chain reported a steeper-than-expected fall in global same-restaurant sales in November and said fourth-quarter results would be hurt by a supplier scandal in China and a stronger dollar.
(Editing by Bernadette Baum and Meredith Mazzilli)

6 trades on stalling momentum stocks6 trades on stalling momentum stocks
Thursday, 20 Nov 2014 |  5:00  PM ET
The "Fast Money" traders tell you how to play GoPro, Alibaba and Mobileye into year-end.
SHARES
Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes
Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis
© 2014 CNBC LLC.  All Rights Reserved.

Inaction Is Tacit Approval: Why I Deleted My Uber Accountreddit
I cancelled my Uber account -- not just by deleting their app from my phone but also going through the painful, hard to find process of requesting that they remove my account completely (more about that in a moment).
Just to be clear, I didn't cancel because I disliked their ride service. I loved using Uber. I talked my friends into trying it out. I celebrated their scrappy disruption of the archaic taxi industry. I was whole-heartedly rooting for the success of their company.
I have made the decision to not use Uber because I am holding myself accountable to no longer support companies that, through inaction, show their tacit approval for badly behaving executives -- on or off the record.
This morning's post by Fred Wilson inspired me to finally articulate exactly what was bothering me most about the entire Uber debacle: Somewhere along the line, we -- as a culture -- started glorifying the cut-throat, winner takes all behavior in entrepreneurs that make investors wealthy -- and then have the audacity to be shocked when that same mindset seeps out in these wunderkind entrepreneurs' personal lives. If we don't want jerk tech, bro-culture, or bullying as a culture in startups, we need to decide that we won't glorify or support those who are clawing their way to the top in a brutal anything-goes melee. We have to believe that no amount of talent, skill, vision, brilliance or drive is worth overlooking this kind of behavior.
As a woman entrepreneur, I definitely have my own share of exposure to bro-culture and sexist comments. Some of it I dismiss as unfiltered ignorance by well-meaning folks who are basically good but still holding on to some exclusionary mindsets. Some I ignore because it isn't always my battle to fight, and tilting at windmills isn't nearly as effective or productive as it may feel in the moment. But sometimes something is so over the top or happens often enough that it cannot be ignored.
For me, Uber hit that point over the weekend. It's not like Uber didn't already have a reputation for embracing  underhanded, mean-spirited tactics against their competitors which crossed far over the line of being forgiven as guerrilla marketing tactics. Even though I hated to see what I perceived as a social good company stoop to bad behavior, I was willing to look the other way. It was simple and easy to use and made getting around in Los Angeles or New York City so much more fun than the uncomfortable back seat of a cab. Somehow when I watched for my Uber driver to arrive, I felt like I was part of an underground system (Is that you? Pssst? Do you have the password?) It was kind of fun sneaking around and breaking the rules of what the system said I had to do to get a ride in a city. It felt cool, kind of hip. I liked it, so I forgave the team this naughty way of gaining marketshare from their competitors.
Uber skimmed the headlines briefly from time to time with other stories of bad behavior or underhanded business practices, and even when news broke about  violating their users' privacy as a very creepy party trick, I only shook my head in disgust. Oh, grow up, I thought. Stop acting like a bunch of middle school boys spying on the girls from behind the fence. It seemed immature and reckless but not something that I thought they couldn't get beyond once their team matured into more thoughtful leaders.
But this week all of that changed for me. When the second most powerful individual in a company with a valuation nearing $4 billion lays out a rather detailed plan of how the company should spend $1 million of their capital investigating the lives of any journalist -- and their families -- who have the audacity to actually write a negative piece about the company, I think it's a pretty good indicator that Uber's executive team has lost a bit of that hunger that gave them the early edge and landed firmly in the land of arrogance. When they can joke about blowing that much investment -- other people's money -- on something so predatory, that's just disgusting.
Now Uber wants us to forgive it all as a mistake since, poor guy, he had no idea he was on the record. Here's a news flash for any entrepreneur who maintains close friendships with journalists: true news hounds will almost always be a journalist first and buddy second. Don't ever assume you're off the record when you're sitting at the table with journalists -- no matter how many bottles of wine or cases of beer have been consumed in the name of camaraderie. If you start laying out a road map for your own planned creepy behavior -- whether its in theory or with true ill intent, don't be surprised when it's in the news the next day.
If Uber's CEO had immediately stepped into the public eye and addressed the issue, it might have helped. Had he said -- at a news conference or press release instead of his eventual tweet storm of half apologies, half justifications -- that he was appalled, offended, or whatever emotional word he chose to use, it might have helped. He could have even had his colleague's back. None of us want a CEO willing to hang one of their own out to dry without investigating fully what actually happened, so even if he had asked us to be patient while he got to the bottom of the issue, it might have been enough. But when there was silence, it was more than easy to fill in the gaps -- with all of the news stories that had been building on each other over the past few months.
And so, despite how much I enjoyed using their service, I have cancelled my account. By the way, if you decide you want to do so as well, don't spend any time hunting around in the app for the magic button that gives you the power to remove yourself from their system. It doesn't exist. And don't search through pages on their website, either. Uber doesn't let you remove your own account. Then again, they've already proven to be poor stewards of data privacy, so we shouldn't be all that shocked. What I had to do was send in a request for help. It went like this:
 
Just like many of the 'bad boys' who are the darlings of the entertainment world because of their redeeming qualities, Uber was able to get a pass from me for far longer than they should have. But I've realized that when I give my money to companies that not only ignore the negative effects of unchecked bro-culture but actively embrace dirty tactics to get the advantage, I have become part of the problem that I am working to eradicate. Even if it's inconvenient, and even if I don't get to feel like I'm part of an exciting, hip movement disrupting a stodgy old industry the next time I need a ride in a different city, I'm okay with that. I really, really am ok with that.
Follow Lisa Abeyta on Twitter: www.twitter.com/LisaAbeyta
More:

Do We Have What It Takes to Explore Spacereddit
The recent accidents at Virgin Galactic and Orbital Sciences have stimulated an important discussion not only for space exploration, but also for our national economic future: What level of risk are we willing to accept in order to advance technology and exploration?
We are all saddened by the recent death and injury of the Virgin Galactic test pilots. Comprehensive investigations of both accidents are required; but these episodes have fueled cases of wild speculation, misinformation, and at times borderline hysteria from various members of the media.  Many of these stories question whether 'commercial' companies should be engaged in space exploration -- and some have questioned whether we should risk lives for space exploration at all.
Ironically, during the same time-frame as these two accidents, circus performer Nik Wallenda tightrope walked blindfolded between two Chicago skyscrapers, and actor Tom Cruise dangled outside an inflight airplane to promote his upcoming movie.  These stunts did not receive nearly the scrutiny and condemnation from the pundits that the spacecraft accidents received. Granted, neither of these stunts resulted in a loss of life, but both were cases of individuals taking a substantial risk to their lives for nothing more than publicity and entertainment. By comparison, companies like Virgin Galactic, Orbital, and many others are trying to advance technology, exploration, and create new industries. As with early aviation, it is essential that the burgeoning commercial space industry be allowed to take reasonable risks.
This isn't to say that these companies shouldn't be scrutinized. If the investigations find serious problems with the technology and procedures, the companies should certainly be held accountable, and they should make any changes reasonably necessary to improve the safety and reliability of their products. But if we allow a knee-jerk reaction and don't allow companies and individuals to take reasonable risks to achieve breakthroughs, we will almost certainly be condemning ourselves to economic decline.
Consistent funding and acceptance of reasonable risk are perhaps the two most essential elements that are required to advance a robust human space flight program.  In the case of human spaceflight, mission planners should (and do) try to make missions as safe as possible, but they will NEVER be able to make them 100 percent safe, just as aircraft, automobiles, and other transportation systems have not been made 100 percent safe.  Almost 33,000 people perished in motor vehicle accidents in 2013; an astonishing figure, but nobody suggests abandoning automobiles. People also die in military training accidents - and it is well-known that commercial aviation, while safer than most modes of transportation, is also not 100 percent safe.
Why do we perceive these risks differently when it comes to space exploration? When military or automobile accidents occur, the national psyche isn't riding along.  Even for people who don't consider themselves fans of NASA, space exploration can be an emotional roller coaster, and monetary and personal risk are often used to deflect a potentially larger fear - emotional risk.  When there is an accident with our space program (like the Space Shuttle Columbia or Challenger), it has a psychological impact like few other events.  It impacts our national pride and our outlook on the future. Without emotional risk, however, we will never have the emotional highs (or technological and scientific benefits) of great success - like when Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin stepped on the Moon or when the Curiosity rover landed on the Martian surface - or recently when the European Space Agency landed Philea on the surface of a comet.
Individuals, companies, and governments must weigh whether the goals they hope to achieve justify the financial and human risks.  Some goals may not be worth the risk and others may require that astronauts take on greater personal risks than have ever been taken before in space exploration.  But we are on the verge of a potentially game changing era of exploration, technological advancement, and emerging industries.  If we willing to take smart risks, we will see an extraordinary future.
More:

Everything You Need to Know About the Internet of Thingsreddit
A few months ago I wrote a post called, "A Simple Explanation Of The Internet Of Things" where I tried to provide some clarity around what this new connected world means for all of us. In the article I mentioned some of the driving forces behind this.
"Broadband Internet is become more widely available, the cost of connecting is decreasing, more devices are being created with wifi capabilities and sensors built into them, technology costs are going down, and smart phone penetration is sky-rocketing.  All of these things are creating a "perfect storm" for the IoT."
Today we live in a world where some of our devices are connected to each other and to us, for example wearable fitness devices that connect to our scales or smartphones that connect to our lights.
However, imagine this amplified 100 fold where tens of billions of devices are connected to each other, everything from cars and phones to wearable devices, appliances, or even jet engines!
Clearly this poses a unique set of challenges and opportunities for businesses and consumers alike. To expand on that I wanted to share a visual created by the FOW Community which highlights ten important things that everyone needs to know about the internet of things.
Follow Jacob Morgan on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jacobm
More:
Intrnet Broadband Internet Mobile Devices
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Sonia Gandhi slams BJP  says it is playing politics over relief workBarack Obama’s bid to regulate internet access divides civil rights groups
Accusing the BJP of playing politics over providing relief to flood victims of Jammu and Kashmir, Congress President Sonia Gandhi today said the ruling party at the Centre promised the sky but did not follow it up with action.
Gandhi, who is here to campaign for Congress candidate Usman Majid for the forthcoming Assembly elections, said the polls are taking place at a time when people of Kashmir are yet to come to terms with the devastation caused by floods.
“Elections are taking place at a time when you have faced a natural disaster (floods). It does not feel good to talk politics (but) the relief and rehabilitation work is going on a very slow pace,” the Congress president said at an election rally here, 45 kms from Srinagar.
Gandhi said the UPA government went all out to provide succour to the victims of the 2005 earthquake that affected vast areas along the Line of Control, particularly Uri sector of Baramulla district.
“What has happened now when there is a BJP government (at the Centre)? It seems they are not interested. BJP leaders came and promised the sky but did not give anything. Even what the state (government) asked was not given,” she said.
The state government has submitted a comprehensive package of Rs 44,000 crore for relief, rehabilitation and reconstruction of the flood affected people and infrastructure in the state.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced Rs 745 crore assistance to the state when he visited the state on Diwali on October 23.
Gandhi lauded the role played by the volunteers in providing succour to the flood-hit saying, “they did whatever was possible”.
“Congress has an all-weather relation with people of Kashmir. My family roots bring me here time and again,” she said.
Highlighting the steps taken by UPA government at the Centre for Jammu and Kashmir, Gandhi said Wullar beautification project was sanctioned in 2011 and a new air strip and two regional councils were promised.
“Congress has done lot of work for the people of the state. The views of Congress for development of Jammu and Kashmir are very clear. Don’t show dreams which are not possible on the ground,” she said.
Asking the people to vote for Congress for safeguarding secular values, Gandhi said Congress believes in secularism and to keep away communal powers, “we decided to have a coalition government”.
Earlier, addressing the gathering, JKPCC chief Saifuddin Soz said, a vote for BJP in the Assembly elections will mean a vote for the RSS.
Without naming the Prime Minister, he said, “This man is running foreign policy as well as internal policy without consulting anyone, furthering the RSS agenda”.
Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad alleged that all political parties, except Congress, had entered into secret pact with the BJP to be part of the new government.
Without naming any political party, Azad said, “We will have to defeat them.”
Once a hot-bed of militancy, this constituency today wore a festive look as flags of all major political parties fluttered across the district.
Bandipora and 14 other constituencies go to polls in the first phase of elections in the state on November 25.
More from miscellaneous
Editorial: Relook that tax model How can finmin get it so wrong, for the second time?

75 feet cake  Victorian  buggy  for Mulayam s b dayBarack Obama’s bid to regulate internet access divides civil rights groups
A 75-feet-long cake and a Victorian ‘buggy’ hired from London are among the highlights of the grand celebrations to be held in Rampur on the eve of SP chief Mulayam Singh’s 76th birthday on Friday.
“The birthday celebrations will start from tomorrow midnight and Netaji (Mulayam) along with Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav will reach Rampur in afternoon,” SP spokesman Rajendra Chaudhary said on Thursday.
A special Victorian ‘buggy’ (horse-drawn carriage), which has been hired from London, would carry Mulayam Singh in the stronghold of his trusted lieutenant and senior UP Minister Azam Khan for a distance of around 14 km from the CRPF camp to Maulana Ali Jauhar University, sources said.
A cultural programme will be organised where the SP supremo will cut a 75-feet-long cake as the clock will strike 12.
On the day of his birthday, the SP supremo will lay the foundation stone of a medical college, besides addressing a public meeting.
Uttarakhand Governor Aziz Qureshi and several other dignitaries will attend the function at the Mohammad Ali Jauhar University here.
The Samajwadi Party has decided to celebrate Singh’s 76th birthday as ‘Samta Diwas’.
“The party has decided to celebrate 76th birthday of the party’s founder and national president as ‘Samta Diwas’,” Chaudhary had said earlier.
He had said Akhilesh Yadav has asked all district and city units to organise different programmes on the occasion and take resolve to fulfil dreams of ‘Netaji’ (Mulayam).
Former district unit chief of Farukkhabad Satish Dixit said “gulgule” (sweets) would be distributed on the occasion.
More from miscellaneous
Editorial: Relook that tax model How can finmin get it so wrong, for the second time?

Sturridge breaks down again with new thigh injuryLiverpool have struggled in Daniel Sturridge's absence (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Liverpool | Posted: November 21, 2014 4:34 pm
Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge has broken down again with another injury to his left thigh, extending the England international’s long spell out of the team.
Sturridge, who has not played since August because of injury, tore a muscle in a training session on Tuesday.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says it is the ninth injury to that thigh over his career “so there is an issue there somewhere.”
Liverpool says the club “will launch an investigation into his injury issues.”
Sturridge, the second top scorer in the Premier League last season, has been sidelined with two separate thigh injuries as well as a calf problem this season.
Liverpool have struggled in Sturridge’s absence, with fellow strikers Mario Balotelli, Fabio Borini and Rickie Lambert still without a league goal.

N Srinivasan urges apex court to reinstate him as BCCI chiefN Srinivasan urges apex court to reinstate him as BCCI chief
PTI
N Srinivasan has urged the Supreme Court to reinstate him as BCCI President.
He said: “There is absolutely nothing in the Mudgal report incriminating me.”
Chennai Super Kings appeals to the Supreme Court against any adverse order against it that can lead to scrapping the team from IPL.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Solar installations cross 3 000-MW mark  734 MW added this yearSolar installations cross 3,000-MW mark, 734 MW added this year
M Ramesh
Tweet
Chennai, Nov 21:  
The total capacity of solar power plants has crossed the 3,000-MW mark, with 734 MW added so far this year, says a report of Mercom Capital Group, a clean energy consultancy.
Mercom expects the installations in the current calendar year to be 800 MW, which is 20 per cent lower than the previous year.
However, the consultancy has projected that 2015 will see 1,800 MW of solar capacity being set up in the country.
Industry watchers have observed that the next few years will see an upswing in installations, given the projects currently being signed-up for under the several recent state programmes. Since the end of last month, three states (Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Telangana) have concluded their own bidding processes and are getting ready to sign power purchase agreements for 1,500 MW. In the meantime, the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy has announced its second draft guidelines for its next project-award round, where the targets have been doubled to 3,000 MW.
Mercom’s figures speak of the large (utility scale) projects, another consultancy, Bridge To India, recently said in its report that the country has 285 MW of grid-connected rooftop solar power plants.
That would put the total solar capacity in the state at 3,300 MW, not counting the non-grid connected solar power plants, and other solar-based applications such as solar water pumps, industrial heating systems and residential and industrial water heating systems.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Lewis Hamilton fastest in first Abu DhabipracticeLewis Hamilton, chasing his second title, was 0.133 seconds quicker than Mercedes team mate and rival Nico Rosberg. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Abu Dhabi | Posted: November 21, 2014 5:11 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 9:19 pm
Lewis Hamilton edged Formula One title rival Nico Rosberg in the both practice sessions Friday for the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
The British driver posted a best lap of 1 minute, 42.113 seconds in the second practice at the Yas Marina circuit to finish .083 faster than his Mercedes teammate.
Both drivers gave their super-soft tires a good run in the warm evening.
McLaren driver Kevin Magnussen of Denmark was .782 behind in third, with Sebastian Vettel, who is leaving Red Bull to join Ferrari next year, .846 adrift in fourth.
Two-time champion Fernando Alonso – preparing for his last race with Ferrari – stalled early on, causing a brief delay, and he failed to set a lap time. British driver Jenson Button, possibly preparing for his last race in F1, pitted early with a brake problem.
Hamilton beat Rosberg in the first practice, and there is a third session on Saturday before qualifying.
Hamilton, the 2008 F1 champion, leads Rosberg by 17 points. But with double points available in Sunday’s race, the German driver can secure his maiden F1 title if he wins and Hamilton finishes third.
Without the double points, Hamilton would have only needed to finish sixth to beat his childhood friend and go-karting rival.
“He has everything to lose and I have everything to win. That can make all the difference,” said Rosberg, who beat Hamilton two weeks ago in Brazil to end his run of five straight wins.
Hamilton won the Abu Dhabi GP in 2011. But he finished seventh last year, starting from fourth on the grid, and retired the year before after starting from pole.
“Abu Dhabi was one of his least good races last season,” Rosberg said. “With the car that I have this year, I can win at every track.”
Hamilton, however, should be mentally well prepared, since he is used to close finishes.
He missed out on the 2007 title with McLaren, finishing one point behind champion Kimi Raikkonen, but made amends by edging out Ferrari driver Felipe Massa by the same margin the following year.
Although he was one of four drivers in contention in the last race of the season in 2010 – also held in Abu Dhabi – Hamilton was a rank outsider for the title and finished 16 points behind Vettel, who clinched the first of his titles.
In the first practice, Hamilton clocked 1:43.476, with Rosberg finishing .133 back as both stayed out for more than 30 laps in bright sunshine.
Alonso was third best, .1708 behind, with Vettel .1858 behind in fourth.
Mercedes has crushed the competition this season, winning 15 of 18 races and securing 17 pole positions so far: 10 for Rosberg and seven for Hamilton, who leads Rosberg 10-5 in wins.
“Is there anybody out there who believes that it was continued…

LPG subsidy for the rich may be scrapped:JaitleyFinance Minister Arun Jaitley. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 5:37 pm
Government is considering doing away with the LPG subsidy for the well-off, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Friday. “The next important decision India will have to take is whether people like me…(are) entitled to get our LPG subsidy,” he said at the HT Leadership Summit in the capital. “I think the sooner we are able to take these decisions as to who is entitled to these subsidies, of course some people would be, the better it would be for our system. These decisions are all on our agenda,” he added.
Currently, 12 cylinders are available to consumers at a subsidised rate of Rs 414 each (in Delhi). Any requirement beyond this will have to be purchased at the market price of Rs 880 per 14.2-kg cylinder. Jaitley said: “Once political leadership, particularly the man on the top, has decisiveness, the most complicated of the decisions will also become simple. “One does not have to wait for years to decide on coal blocks or what to do with spectrum or natural resources, or with diesel pricing or with gas pricing.”
Some of these decisions had been complicated over the years, but the new government wasted no time and simply took a call on them he said, adding that “I think that’s the agenda we continue to follow”. Jaitley further said that India is at a crucial stage “where we must not exhaust our patience” as global investors are looking at the country with renewed interest. After coming to power, the Narendra Modi-led government deregulated diesel prices and linked them to the market rate.
Earlier, the government used to provide subsidy on diesel. Jaitley said he was “almost ready” with the proposal on the Goods and Services Tax and was confident that the Constitution Amendment Bill on it would be introduced in the next Parliament session starting Monday. Referring to long-pending insurance bill, he said “we are on the verge” of opening the sector a little more. The Bill proposes to increase foreign direct investment limit in the insurance sector to 49 per cent from the current 26 per cent.

Bigg Boss 8: Upen  Gautam in the race forcaptaincyUpen and Puneet prepare to take on the others in their race for captaincy, but, Bigg Boss introduces some twists.
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 21, 2014 5:36 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 7:23 pm
Day 61 in the Bigg Boss house, brings with hope and excitement as this is the day that a new captain will be selected. The housemates wake up to the song, ‘Chahiye Thoda Pyaar!’, that echoes their sentiments perfectly.
As Upen and Puneet prepare to take on the others in their race for captaincy, Bigg Boss introduces some twists in the coming week. Upen and Puneet will not be alone in their fight for captaincy as the contestants are given the opportunity to collectively choose one more contender or the captaincy. The boys are not happy about this as they were quite sure that it was going to be all about them.
Bigg Boss finally announces the captaincy task titled, ‘Qurbani’. The contestants are asked to sacrifice their personal belongings in support of the candidate that they would like to see as captain. However, the items sacrificed will be removed from the house making the contestants give great thought to which candidate is worth the effort of moving on in the game while they grapple to survive without their essentials.
In the midst of this stressful activity, Gautam and Diandra find the time to rekindle their feeling towards each other. While talking to Diandra in the bathroom area, Gautam asks her to apologize to him in front of the cameras and proceeds to give her a tight hug when she gives in. They continue to chat and spend some tie with each other, even getting cozy behind the living room couch.
Theirs is not the only romance in the house, Upen and SOnali are also seen getting quite close. The duo was dancing closely near the kitchen counter oblivious of everything else around them.
The housemates are finally given the chance to reap the benefits of having successfully completed this week’s luxury budget task ‘Gautam City’. They are given the opportunity to use their mouths for other tasks than fighting or talking, like passing food items to other housemates. They are not allowed to use their hands.
At first the contestants are slightly apprehensive, but they soon discover the light side of the task and seen having fun as they overcome the awkwardness. Wonder what the coming week will bring?

Nandos expands presence in India  opens anotheroutletThe Nando's flame landed in India in 2010 and since then, the brand has got two franchises in Delhi including the first Vasant Kunj and second at Gurgaon.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 5:27 pm
 
Nando’s, a chain of casual dining restaurants based in South Africa, has opened its third franchise of Flame Grilled Peri-Peri Chicken restaurant in Connaught Place here Thursday night.
The Nando’s flame landed in India in 2010 and since then, the brand has got two franchises in Delhi including the first Vasant Kunj and second at Gurgaon.
The restaurant is know for it’s chicken and that is the reason other type of meat or even fish remains elusive from the menu. The emphasis is on chicken and it can seen when the dish is served.
The restaurant, which was started in South Africa in 1987, also keeps health quotient in mind as the chicken is not fried but grilled.
“Nando’s stand for chicken and chips and we are not diluting it to come to India. The product is the same across the world. The popularity has increased immensely with people getting over fast food and moving towards a healthier choice,” said Deepinder Singh Batth, CEO, Nando’s Delhi.
With eclectic interiors done in all-natural shades of wood and Afro music playing in the background, the restaurant promises to give a glimpse of the African side to the customers.
The dish not to miss out is Peri-Peri chicken which happens to be their signature dish. Their formula is to marinate chicken for 24 hours and grill it with the addition of various levels of chilli for a spicy style. One can choose from variety of sauces like lemon and herb, mild, hot and extra hot.
However, vegetarians need to get gloomy as there is also an array of decent vegetarian dishes too like Peri-Peri paneer kebabs. The place goes easy on the pocket with fairly priced menu.
“The idea is to provide a good and filling meal at a good price. Hence we have priced our food accordingly,” Batth said.
A meal for two costs between Rs.1,200 and Rs.1,300.

Steve Smith would do an outstanding job as captain against an average Indian side: KimHughesBy: Press Trust of India | Sydney | Posted: November 21, 2014 5:25 pm
As serious doubts remain over Michael Clarke’s participation in the first Test against India, Steven Smith is being looked by many as a front-runner to lead Australia in the regular skipper’s absence.
Even though vice-captain Brad Haddin is expected to step up as skipper in Clarke’s absence when Australia take on India in Brisbane in the first Test on December 4, but many have called for Smith to get his opportunity as he is seen as the long-term successor.
Former Australia captain Kim Hughes has urged Cricket Australia to roll the dice by elevating Smith to the Test captaincy if hamstrung Clarke is ruled out of the opening match for the Border-Gavaskar Trophy at the Gabba.
“What’s the point of picking Brad Haddin? Give the young bloke a go. Smith did an outstanding job in last year’s Sheffield Shield final. He batted himself at three. He led from the front. He looks a natural to me and he’d have help there in Haddin behind the stumps. Australia will have a strong bowling attack for him to play with,” Hughes told The Australian.
“It’s against India and it’s in Australia. It’s not like we’re facing the West Indies in their prime. India won’t have MS Dhoni so he’ll be going toe-to-toe with an inexperienced Indian captain. Give him a shot. My gut feeling is that he’d do an outstanding job against an average Indian side,” he said.
Echoing similar views, Australia’s cricket legend Glenn McGrath has said Smith was the man for the job.
“They’ve probably earmarked someone like Steve Smith to be next Australian captain. Maybe they wanted it a little bit further down the track but I think Smithy will do a great job. He’s captained NSW so if the opportunity came along, Steve Smith I think would be the guy to go to,” he said.
But its not just former players backing Smith for the top job, Australian wicketkeeper Matthew Wade has also backed him to lead the Test team in Clarke’s absence.
“I’m sure Michael’s going to hang around for a lot longer than what everyone thinks,” Wade told SEN radio station.
“The way that he’s gone about his business since he’s been captain and the 18 months that the Australian cricket team has, I’m sure Michael’s going to be around for a few more years, but that probably works in Smithy’s favour even better – he can get a few more Tests under his belt and take over,” Wade said.
However, not everyone is backing Smith with Mike Hussey warning that while he sees great leadership qualities in Smith, now is not the time to throw him in the deep end as Test captain.
Having turned 25 in June, Smith would become one of the youngest ever Australian Test captains, behind only Ian Craig (22, 1957) and Hughes (25 years and 57 days, 1979).

Huge discounts offered by Audi  BMW &MercedesPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 5:25 pm
Regardless of the fact that the festivities are well over for nearly a month now,  car manufacturers continue to offer rewarding deals on their products. Since the  year-end is also approaching, deals and discounts on some cars has seen a twofold  increase as car makers also see this as an opportune time to clear their current year stocks.
While there are some lucrative deals going on in the small and mainstream car segment, things at the higher-end of scale are even more tempting with luxury car manufacturers like Audi, BMW and Mercedes offering heavy discounts on some selected models across their respective range. If you are in the market looking for a premium luxury sedan or SUV, this possibly could be the best time to invest in one.
Below are some of the ongoing deals the top three premium car manufacturers are offering in India:
Audi
In 2013, Audi sold the highest number of luxury cars in India. In a bid to maintain  its numero-uno spot, the company is offering huge discounts across its model-range in India. Starting with the entry-level premium compact sedan A3, Audi has put on offer a flat dealer discount of Rs 75,000 on the Premium, Rs 1.25 lakh on the Premium Plus and Rs 1.75 lakh on the Technology Pack variants. The Audi A3 range is priced between Rs 27.05 lakh to Rs 33.76 lakh in India.
Next up is the Audi Q3, on which discounts ranging between Rs 1 lakh to Rs 1.50 lakh are being offered on the Premium and Premium Plus variants, respectively. The Q3 Premium is priced at Rs 32.54 lakh, whereas, the Premium Plus carries a price-
tag of Rs 36.80 lakh.
Discounts on the A4 sedan range between Rs 4.5 lakh to Rs 5 lakh across all the variants. Prices for the A4 range start at Rs 31.30 lakh and go up to Rs 39.74 lakh. Audi is also offering lucrative discounts on the Q5. Variant wise, the Premium has Rs  2 lakh discount going for it, while the higher Premium Plus and Technology Pack have discounts of Rs 3 lakh and Rs 4 lakh on offer, respectively. Available in a choice of  two diesel engines- a 2.0 litre and a 3.0 litre unit- the Q5 model range starts at Rs 47.16 lakh to Rs Rs 60.11 lakh.
Of all the Audi cars, the A6 is the real deal of the moment though. Massive discounts of as much as Rs 5 lakh to Rs 7 lakh are being offered on the A6! The discounts are available on selected variants of the A6 with prices starting at Rs 44.20 lakh to Rs  51.91 lakh.
BMW
Keeping Audi in check is BMW with similar amount of cash discounts on its model line-up. Presently, a discount of up to Rs 5 lakh is being offered on the X1. The X1 range starts at Rs 30.75 lakh and goes all the way up to Rs continued…

Mithali Raj retained as ODI  T20captainBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 21, 2014 5:23 pm
Indian veteran Mithali Raj was on Friday retained as the Indian ODI and T20 captain for the upcoming limited-overs series against South Africa starting November 24.
Mithali, who has been leading the national women’s side since 2005, had to briefly play under veteran Anjum Chopra and Jhulan Goswami but has led India for most part of her career.
A veteran of 150 ODIs and 46 T20s, Mithali, 31, has been India’s most dependable middle-order batswoman for quite some time.
The Women’s Selection Committee met here to announce the 15-member squads for the ODIs and T20, which have more or less the same set of players barring a few changes.
The three ODIs in Bengaluru starting Monday will follow the one-off T20 international at the M Chennaswamy Stadium on November 30.
ODI Squad: Mithali Raj (Captain), Jhulan Goswami, Punam Raut, Smriti Mandhana, Harmanpreet Kaur, M.D. Thirushkamini, Vanitha V.R., Rajeshwari Gaekwad, Ekta Bisht, Sushma Verma, Poonam Yadav, Sneh Rana, Swagathika Rath, Shubhlakshmi Sharma, Dipti Sharma.
T20 Squad: Mithali Raj (Captain), Jhulan Goswami, Smriti Mandhana, Punam Raut, Sushma Verma, Ekta Bisht, Shubhlakshmi Sharma, Shikha Pandey, Harmanpreet Kaur, Rajeshwari Gaekwad, Poonam Yadav, Sneh Rana, Vanitha V.R., Paramita Roy, Devika Vaidya.

Logitech launches AnyAngle protective case for iPad Air 2 and iPadMiniThe Logitech AnyAngle is priced at Rs 2,995.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 5:13 pm
Logitech has launched its AnyAngle protective case for iPad Air 2 and all iPad mini models. The stand can adjust to any angle. The case features a rubberized frame that helps protect the iPad from accidental bumps and drops.
The front cover’s hidden magnets keep the case securely closed, safeguarding your iPad’s screen from scratches and cracks. And the back of the case has a clear cover that shows off the back of the iPad yet protects it from scratches.
The Logitech AnyAngle comes with an integrated hidden hinge that holds your iPad at any angle within a 50-degree range, and firmly keeps that angle in place without tipping or sliding. The stand folds entirely behind the iPad. Magnets also secure the stand behind the iPad and help hold your angle even during movement, so you can pick up your iPad and move it, without losing your angle.
The Logitech AnyAngle is expected to be available in India beginning in December at a price of Rs 2,995.

Saradha scam: CBI arrests AITC MP Srinjoy Bosearrest
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) arrested on Friday, All India Trinamool Congress (AITC), Rajya Sabha MP Srinjoy Bose in connection with the Saradha scam.
“CBI has arrested Mr. Bose for his prima facie involvement in the cases,” a senior CBI official told The Hindu. The MP is also a prominent businessman and has interest in cargo handling and media. He is the owner and the Editor of a hugely circulated Bengali daily, Sambad Pratidin.
Earlier in the day when he appeared before the CBI, Mr. Bose said that he was called as a witness and will extend all cooperation in the case. “I have done nothing wrong so why should I be worried,” he told the journalists while entering the CBI office.
Mr. Bose is the second Rajya Sabha MP to be arrested in the scam, the first being Kunal Ghosh who is behind bars for over a year now. Mr. Ghosh used to work in Sambad Pratidin.
In the letter written to the CBI in April 2013, Saradha chief Sudipta Sen has alleged that Mr. Bose “pressurized and extorted” money from him. Mr. Bose’s company had business links with Saradha Group.
Prior to his arrest on Friday Mr. Bose was questioned thrice by Enforcement Directorate and once by the CBI.

The impact of Obamas immigration executive action  state by state (in 1 map)By Aaron Blake November 21 Follow @aaronblakewp
President Obama announced new action to delay the deportation of about 4 million undocumented immigrants living in the U.S. Here are some numbers to know about immigration. (Julie Percha/The Washington Post)
President Obama announced a big executive action on immigration Thursday night. But while it allows nearly half of illegal immigrants in the United States to avoid deportation, the impact varies significantly by state.
According to data from the Migration Policy Institute , 51 percent of illegal immigrants in Texas and 50 percent in California -- the two states with the largest illegal immigrant populations -- will be temporarily exempted from deportation. But in Maryland and Massachusetts, it's just 35 percent, and in Virginia it's 37 percent.
Aside from California and Texas, at least half of illegal immigrants in Arizona, Colorado, Illinois, Oregon and Utah will be exempted.
Here's how that looks, focusing on states with large illegal immigrant populations (states in gray have very small illegal immigrant populations and are not included):
One thing that stood out to us: Republicans will accuse Democrats of doing this to shore up the Latino vote going forward. But swing states aren't really the biggest beneficiaries, with Virginia mentioned above at 37 percent, Florida at 40 percent, North Carolina at 44 percent and Nevada at 46 percent.
Obama's executive action varies by state because it is focused on illegal immigrants who are parents of children who are citizens or legal permanent residents and have been here for at least five years, which is about 3.7 million of the estimated 11.4 million illegal immigrants in the United States. Another 1.5 million will benefit from the program called Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), which Obama first announced in 2012 and allows young illegal immigrants who came to the United States as children to stay. That program was expanded by about 300,000 after Thursday's announcement
The other 6.2 million illegal immigrants are not covered by Obama's executive action.
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.

Michael Lynch and Rachel SurminskyAn NBC/Marist poll shows just 35 percent of blacks approve of his Ferguson/Eric Garner response.
Dec 8, 2014
The Garner verdict offends both black and white in big numbers.
Dec 8, 2014
There is no true front-runner in a large GOP field of hopefuls, but there are many legitimate potential candidates.
Dec 7, 2014
You could populate an entire city ... literally.
Dec 5, 2014
A Democratic-led inquiry turns up little.
Dec 5, 2014
The field is going to be HUGE.
Dec 5, 2014
71% of Americans say the system is “broken.” And that’s something.
Dec 5, 2014
The current 2016 gap is on-par with 2008 and 2012.
Dec 4, 2014
It’s like Eddie Vedder sang a country song with Auto-tune.
Dec 4, 2014
Ferguson is a partisan issue. Garner doesn’t have to be.
Dec 4, 2014
Load More
About
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix. A Minnesota native and summa cum laude graduate of the University of Minnesota, Aaron has also written about politics for the Minneapolis Star-Tribune and The Hill newspaper. Aaron and his wife, Danielle, live in Annandale, Virginia.
Most Read

Paramount Gold posts 1Q loss... 
November 21, 2014 07:27 AM EST | Associated Press
WINNEMUCCA, Nev. (AP) _ Paramount Gold and Silver Corp. (PZG) on Friday reported a loss of $2.9 million, or 2 cents per share, in its fiscal first quarter.
The company, based in Winnemucca, Nevada, posted revenue of $33,000 in the period.
The company's shares closed at 71 cents. A year ago, they were trading at $1.19.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. PZG stock research report from Zacks.
_____
Keywords:Paramount Gold,Earnings Report

China rate cut gives markets a big boost...and
versions
The stock market closed out its fifth straight week of gains with another record high on Friday.
The Dow Jones industrial average and Standard & Poor's 500 index carved out all-time highs, extending the market's gains for the week. It was the third record close for the Dow in the week and the fourth for the S&P 500.
The latest records extended a comeback in the S&P 500, which has increased 11 percent since plunging in mid-October. A strong third-quarter earnings season, on top of a recent string of positive U.S. economic data on housing, jobs and manufacturing, have helped put investors in a buying mood.
Investors on Friday cheered news of an interest rate cut in China and the possibility that Europe's central bank will step up stimulus efforts in the region.
"What it suggests is that these central banks are prepared to do even more to stimulate growth, to stimulate demand, and that always equates to better stock markets," said Quincy Krosby, a market strategist at Prudential Financial.
All 10 sectors in the S&P 500 index rose, with materials stocks climbing the most. The sector is up 9 percent this year.
Energy stocks were among the big gainers, getting a boost from a rebound in oil prices. Some traders anticipated that OPEC will decide to cut production at a conference next week.
Ross Stores led the gains in the S&P 500, adding $6.09, or 7.3 percent, to $89.30.
All told, the S&P 500 index rose 10.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,063.50. That's just above the index's previous high close a day before at 2,052.75. The S&P 500 is up 11.6 percent this year.
The Dow gained 91.06 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,810.06. That's up from its last record close of 17,719 on Thursday. The Dow as gained 7.4 percent this year.
The Nasdaq composite added 11.10 points, or 0.2 percent, to 4,712.97. The index is up 12.8 percent for the year.
The prospect of central banks outside the U.S. ramping up their own stimulus efforts is seen as another positive for stock investors, particularly with the Federal Reserve winding down its massive bond-buying program this year.
"Central bank intervention is the No. 1 thing investors worldwide are looking at right now," said Mike Serio, regional chief investment officer at Wells Fargo Private Bank. "In the short run, that looks pretty good for stocks."
On Friday, China's central bank lowered the interest rate on its one-year loans to financial institutions by 0.4 percentage points to 5.6 percent. The surprise cut came in the wake of recent figures showing that the country's annual growth rate slowed to a five-year low of 7.3 percent last quarter.
European Central Bank President Mario Draghi also caused a stir in markets when he told a conference in Frankfurt, Germany, that the bank is willing to "step up the pressure" and increase its efforts to stimulate Europe's struggling economy.
If current efforts do not achieve the desired effect, Draghi said the ECB could "broaden even more the channels through which we intervene."
For many in the markets, that was a clear hint that the bank could soon starting buying government bonds.
Beyond the talk of central bank stimulus, investors had their eye on the latest batch of corporate earnings Friday.
Traders bid up shares in several companies that reported better-than-expected earnings, including software maker Splunk and sporting goods retailer Hibbett Sports. Splunk rose $1.99, or 3.1 percent, to $66.93. Hibbett gained $1.82, or 4 percent, to $47.75.
Video game retailer GameStop and clothing chain operator Gap slumped after delivering disappointing results. GameStop slid $5.68, or 13 percent, to $37.86. Gap fell $1.68, or 4.2 percent, to $38.46.
Wireless communications company Aruba Networks sank 13.7 percent after its outlook fell short of financial analysts' expectations. The stock shed $2.98 to $18.82.
China's interest rate cut raised hopes for increased economic activity and oil demand. That helped lift oil prices.
Benchmark U.S. crude gained 66 cents to settle at $76.51 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, a benchmark for international oils used by many U.S. refineries, rose $1.03 to close at $80.36 on the ICE Futures exchange in London.
In other energy futures trading on the NYMEX, wholesale gasoline rose 2.9 cents to close at $2.057 a gallon, heating oil rose 2.5 cents to close at $2.405 a gallon and natural gas fell 22.3 cents to close at $4.266 per 1,000 cubic feet.
In metals trading, gold rose $6.80 to $1,197.70 an ounce, silver rose 26 cents to $16.40 an ounce and copper rose a penny to $3.03 a pound.
U.S. government bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.31 percent from 2.34 percent late Thursday.
___
AP Business Writer Pan Pylas in London contributed to this report.

Pluristem posts 1Q loss... 
November 21, 2014 07:15 AM EST | Associated Press
HAIFA, Israel (AP) _ Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. (PSTI) on Friday reported a loss of $5.9 million, or 9 cents per share, in its fiscal first quarter.
The company, based in Haifa, Israel, posted revenue of $95,000 in the period.
The company's shares closed at $2.60. A year ago, they were trading at $3.29.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. PSTI stock research report from Zacks.
_____
Keywords:Pluristem,Earnings Report

Destination XL posts 3Q loss... 
November 21, 2014 07:12 AM EST | Associated Press
CANTON, Mass. (AP) _ Destination XL Group Inc. (DXLG) on Friday reported a loss of $6.3 million in its fiscal third quarter.
The Canton, Massachusetts-based company said it had a loss of 13 cents per share. Losses, adjusted for pretax expenses, came to 8 cents per share.
The retailer of big and tall apparel posted revenue of $93.6 million in the period.
Destination XL expects full-year results to range from a loss of 16 cents per share to a loss of 12 cents per share, with revenue in the range of $413 million to $418 million.
Destination XL shares have decreased 22 percent since the beginning of the year. The stock has dropped 20 percent in the last 12 months.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. DXLG stock research report from Zacks.
_____
Keywords:Destination XL,Earnings Report

Japan orders air bag maker to conduct probe...and
versions
TOKYO (AP) — Japan's transport ministry said Friday it has ordered air bag maker Takata to conduct an internal investigation after cases of its air bags exploding triggered safety concerns in the United States and other countries.
The ministry also ordered Takata and Japanese automakers to study whether additional recalls are needed in Japan following a U.S. decision to expand recalls nationwide from an earlier measure limited to high-humidity zones.
Takata air bags can inflate with excessive force, sending metal shrapnel toward the driver and passengers. The problems have been blamed for at least six deaths and dozens of injuries. Millions of cars have been recalled worldwide.
"We have been rigidly dealing with the case, for instance directly instructing Takata to investigate and provide explanation," Transport Minister Akihiro Ohta told a regular news conference.
"This is an extremely important issue involving automobile safety, and we must take utmost steps."
Direct instructions from the ministry to an auto parts maker, rather than through automakers that use the parts, are a rare step.
Takata said it could not immediately confirm the ministry's instructions or their details.
Eight million cars with Takata air bag inflators have been recalled in the U.S., and more than 12 million worldwide, and there could be more with expanded recalls.
In Japan, four cases of ruptures involving Takata air bags have been reported, none involving injuries or death. So far, 2.5 million vehicles equipped with the air bags have been recalled, the ministry said Friday.
During a congressional hearing in Washington on Thursday, Hiroshi Shimizu, Takata's head of quality, repeatedly apologized for the problems.

Chinese journalist tried on state secrets charge... 
November 21, 2014 07:05 AM EST | Associated Press
BEIJING (AP) — A veteran journalist who is one of the best-known intellectuals to have been imprisoned for supporting the 1989 Tiananmen pro-democracy protests went on trial Friday in closed-door proceedings in Beijing on new accusations of leaking state secrets.
Gao Yu, 70, was detained for illegally obtaining a secret Communist Party document and providing it to a website for publication, according to previous state media reports. Those reports did not identify the document, but it appeared to refer to reports outside the mainland last year about a high-level, internal circular seen as outlining the party's strategy of attacking Western democratic ideals and crushing dissent to protect its rule.
Gao was standing trial at Beijing No. 3 People's Intermediate Court. Police prevented journalists from entering the proceedings, but confirmed that the trial was underway.
Her lawyer, Shang Baojun, said the independent journalist faced a charge of revealing state secrets.
Gao previously was imprisoned on state secrets charges for more than a year after the 1989 crackdown. She was detained again in April, weeks before the 25th anniversary of the bloody military suppression of the protesters that killed at least hundreds.
The party's strategy paper — known as Document No. 9 — was seen by political observers as early and significant evidence of the hard-line political stance of the leadership of Xi Jinping, who was appointed party chief in late 2012.  The Hong Kong-based magazine Mirror Monthly published Document No. 9 on its website in August last year.
At the time, Gao told The Associated Press that she saw the document as detailing the party's vision of pushing economic reforms in China but preventing challenges to one-party rule.
The reported document argued for aggressively curbing the spread of notions of Western democracy, universal values, civil society, freedom of press and other ideological concepts the party believed threatened its legitimacy.
"Gao is the latest victim of China's vaguely worded and arbitrary state secret laws which the authorities continue to use to target activists," William Nee, China researcher at Amnesty International, said in a statement.

China s central bank cuts rates as economy slows...and
versions
BEIJING (AP) — China's central bank unexpectedly slashed interest rates on Friday to re-energize the world's No. 2 economy, joining a growing list of major economies that are trying to encourage growth in the face of a global slowdown.
The president of the European Central Bank said Friday he was ready to step up stimulus for the 18-country eurozone economy, where growth is meager and unemployment is soaring. And Japan's government this week delayed a tax increase after the country slipped back into recession. Japan's central bank late last month increased its purchases of government bonds and other assets to try to revive growth.
News of China's actions and the ECB's hints of further stimulus triggered a surge in stock markets, particularly in Europe. Germany's DAX rose 2.6 percent, while the Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.5 percent to close at a record high. Asian stocks had closed before the Chinese announcements.
Friday's moves highlighted an increasing divide in the global economy. The United States is showing signs of steady growth, prompting the Federal Reserve to rein in its stimulus efforts.
So far, the U.S. has escaped any drag from the slowdown overseas. Fed policymakers said at a meeting last month that the impact on the U.S. would be "quite limited."
Jay Bryson, a global economist at Wells Fargo Securities, said the U.S. is "relatively insulated" from overseas developments. Exports are a smaller source of growth than in other developed nations and many major employers, such as health care and education providers, are largely unaffected by overseas activity.
The slowdown in global growth is becoming an increasing concern for policymakers. Japan confirmed this week that it has fallen back into recession and will delay a tax increase to help consumer spending.
In Europe, it is not only weak growth but also the low inflation rate that is worrying the ECB. Low inflation or an outright drop in prices can weaken an economy further by encouraging delays in spending and investment. The economy of the 18-country eurozone grew by a scant 0.2 percent in the third quarter compared with the previous three months.
As indicators for the eurozone and global economy disappoint, ECB President Mario Draghi was firm in his message: "''We will do what we must to raise inflation and inflation expectations as fast as possible," he said in a speech in Frankfurt.
Of major economies, only the U.S. is considering raising interest rates. The Federal Reserve only recently ended a massive bond-buying program that helped reduce market interest rates because the economy is strengthening.
But the prospect of higher rates in the U.S. is exposing the country to a potentially painful rise in the dollar — currencies tend to strengthen with higher rates. The dollar hit a seven-year high against the yen, and jumped almost 1 percent against the euro on Friday. A stronger dollar makes it tougher for U.S. exporters to sell their goods internationally.
The People's Bank of China said it is trying to address "financing difficulties" caused by a shortage of credit. It also said the move was not a change in monetary policy and economic conditions are within an "appropriate range."
China's economic growth fell to a five-year low of 7.3 percent in the latest quarter and manufacturing and other indicators are declining. That has prompted suggestions Beijing might intervene to prop up growth.
The rate charged by banks for loans to each other rose this week to its highest level since early October, reflecting reduced availability of credit, a concern for Chinese economic planners.
"If necessary, the central bank will provide timely liquidity support," or extra credit to markets, it said in a separate statement.
The bank cut the rate on a one-year loan by commercial banks by 0.4 percentage points to 5.6 percent. The rate paid on a one-year savings was lowered by 0.25 point to 2.75 percent.
It was the first rate cut since July 2012, and comes after the Cabinet called this week for steps to reduce financing costs for industry to make the economy more efficient.
Bryson of Wells Fargo Securities said the bank's move would have only a limited impact on China's economy. But it does signal that Chinese officials' concerns about growth are rising, he said, a sign they may take further steps in the coming months.
In China, changes in interest rates have a limited direct effect on the government-dominated economy but are seen as a signal to banks to lend more and to state companies that they are allowed to step up borrowing.
"The reduction in the benchmark lending rate will mainly benefit the larger, typically state-owned firms that borrow from banks," said Mark Williams of Capital Economics in a report. Most of China's private companies cannot get loans from the state-owned banking industry and rely on an underground credit market.
"This does not necessarily signal that policymakers are going back on efforts to support smaller companies, or giving up on 'targeted easing,' but they apparently feel larger firms are now in need of support too."
___
AP Economics Writer Christopher S. Rugaber contributed to this report.

Egypt president considering pardon of journalists... 
MAGGIE MICHAEL | November 21, 2014 07:00 AM EST | Associated Press
CAIRO (AP) — Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi says a presidential pardon is being "examined" for the three Al-Jazeera journalists who were handed heavy prison terms in a court ruling that raised international outrage.
El-Sissi told France 24 on Thursday that a pardon "is being examined to resolve the matter." He added that the journalists would receive pardons only if it was "appropriate for the Egyptian national security."
The comments are the first indication that the Egyptian government might be considering freeing the journalists. El-Sissi has previously dismissed the idea of a presidential pardon, saying it would be an inappropriate interference in the Egyptian judicial process.

FIFA to review World Cup corruption report... 
GRAHAM DUNBAR | November 21, 2014 06:59 AM EST | Associated Press
GENEVA (AP) — FIFA will further review the 2018 and 2022 World Cup corruption investigation, putting the status of hosts Russia and Qatar back in question.
The head of FIFA's auditing committee will examine the full 430-page confidential report by American prosecutor Michael Garcia into impropriety during the bid process, reviving a probe which seemed closed one week ago.
Domenico Scala, a Swiss businessman who serves as the soccer body's audit panel chairman, will then decide whether to turn over any evidence to FIFA's executive committee.
The decision to hand over the documents to Scala came a week after FIFA ethics judge Joachim Eckert ruled that the case against Russia and Qatar was closed.
Within hours of the German judge's decision being published, Garcia appealed to FIFA, objecting to "numerous materially incomplete and erroneous representations" of his work.
That led to a meeting in Zurich on Thursday between Eckert and Garcia, whose appeal appears to still be active.
The pair "agreed that it is of major importance that the FIFA Executive Committee has the information necessary to evaluate which steps are required based on the work done by the FIFA Ethics Committee," they said in the statement.
"The chairmen also offered to answer any questions the chairman of the Audit and Compliance Committee and the Executive Committee might have."
The FIFA executive committee will next meet Dec. 18-19 in Marrakech, Morocco, with 12 of its 25 elected members having voted in the scandal-plagued December 2010 hosting elections.
Some of those 12 have been formally charged by Garcia with wrongdoing linked to campaigns dogged by allegations of bribery, favor-seeking and collusion, and an investigation hampered by uncooperative witnesses.
"The investigatory chamber has already opened a number of formal cases against individuals," the joint statement from Garcia and Eckert said, without identifying names or detailed allegations.
The suspects could include staffers from the nine bid candidates.
In Morocco, the board chaired by FIFA President Sepp Blatter could discuss relaxing secrecy rules and the strength of evidence presented by Garcia.
Last Thursday, Eckert's summary of the investigative report judged that any corrupt acts did not justify re-opening the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 tournaments.
FIFA at first welcomed a "degree of closure" in Eckert's ruling that corruption across the 11 bidding nations was "of very limited scope."
However, FIFA stepped up scrutiny of the case Tuesday by filing a criminal complaint with Switzerland's attorney general against possible law-breaking by unnamed individuals.
Swiss federal prosecutors are now studying Garcia's investigation report, which remains sealed by FIFA's code of ethics.
Garcia's own prosecutions of FIFA voters and officials will not be affected by parallel work being done by the Swiss federal agency, nor by Scala, according to Thursday's statement.
Scala will step into the heart of the corruption case after more than two years monitoring FIFA's billion-dollar annual revenue.
He has evaluated deals with FIFA commercial partners, blocked grants to FIFA member federations and stopped bonuses to executive committee members, while also doubling their annual stipend to a reported $200,000.
Scala and Garcia worked together in June when deciding that FIFA board members should not be allowed to accept luxury Swiss watches offered by a World Cup sponsor.
Previously, Scala has said the World Cup corruption investigation should have the power to remove a host if compelling evidence was found.
The Russian and Qatari bid committees have always denied wrongdoing and have pledged to continue their World Cup hosting plans, costing tens of billions of dollars.
But the intrigue and disarray that has often marked the 2018 and 2022 World Cup saga continued on Thursday.
Even as Garcia and Eckert appeared to mend their professional rift, tensions seemed to show between the prosecutor and FIFA over publicizing the meeting.
A bland, brief statement on FIFA's website simply noted that the two lawyers met at FIFA headquarters. Within 15 minutes, a statement from law firm Kirkland & Ellis, where Garcia is a partner in its New York office, invited reporters to ask FIFA for the approved version signed off by him and Eckert.
That statement duly followed about 30 minutes later.
After seven days of turmoil for FIFA, the next executive board meeting will come in four weeks in Morocco on the sidelines of the Club World Cup.
Blatter has long said that only his executive committee, which chose the two World Cup hosts, can decide to make any changes.
That chance, however unlikely, could arise in Marrakech.

Texmaco Rail clarifies reportsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Thirthankar Infra: Board meeting on Nov 27  2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Gold price remains low  silver risesHi Guest
Gold price remains low, silver rises
Gold remained weak for the second straight day with prices falling by another Rs 30 to Rs 26,750 per ten gram at the bullion market in New Delhi on easing of demand from jewellers and retailers amid a weak global trend. Silver, however, recovered by Rs 300 to Rs 36,500 per kg on scattered buying by industrial users. Traders said besides slackened demand from jewellers and retailers at current levels, a weak global trend mainly kept pressure on gold prices. Shifting of funds towards surging ...

Instant View: China central bank cuts benchmark interest ratesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Aurobindo Pharma: Board meeting on Nov 25  2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Black money promotes terror  says ModiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Big Bang Mergers in Indian Banking IndustryThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Biden in Kiev as Poroshenko heckled at Maidan anniversaryThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Global crude oil price of Indian Basket was US$ 75.81 per bbl on 20.11.2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Mujhe aapka poora matlab to nahin samajh aaya.... lekin depende...Platinum Member
150 Followers
dear shere bhai, aap ko to yeh maaloom hi hai ki yeh kahani kabse chal rahi hai US main.. vote politics hai aur kuch nahin... har saal koi poonchalla fenk deta hai...
Nasscomm aur khud american companies (jinka munafe ko bhi direct impact padega) ki itni badi lobby hai... ki koi kuch bhi karle... Indian IT par haal filhaal kuch nahin hone waala...
waise bhi proposed bill aur Obama ke aaj ke order main... jo bada focus ka area hai woh illegal immigrants hi hain... professionals (scholars, scientists, bankers etc etc)/students/families/service providers (incl IT personnel) are only footnote with benefits to their family... in fact there is no direct reference of outsourcing in Obama`s speech...
aur agar aap poori kahani follow karo... to republicans ne already Obama par legal case laga diya hai - order ki validity question kar rahe hain even for reforms related to illegal immigrants... bahut jyada resistances hai... waise bhi democrats 2016 waala election haarne waale hain... house and senate dono main Republicans majority main hai... Republicans hamesha se outsourcing ke khilaaf nahin hai...

Bhushan steel is now cash crunch company   facing huge debt problems a...New Member
1 Followers
Bhushan Steel is now cash crunch company , facing huge debt problems and promoters shares going to other hands on daily basis . We are expecting if they sale some assets then only they can bring some money otherwise big problem . Sale the stock you may get at price at around Rs. 75 .
6.05 PM Nov 21st  | Track

Buy jindal steel in cash for a target of 195 for dec series positional...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Amazing stock - going to hit 50 first in dec and then 100 in 3 months....New Member
5 Followers
Gd Morn : On what basis do you say that ? For a 5 Rupee FV Stk which has hovered between 4 & 12 for 5 long years ; what has suddenly changed ?
For Volumes I am sure you are aware of circular trading often used by the insiders .
A sudden meteoric rise without a discernible change in fundamentals is always suspicious .
In reply to : ajaygoelp message
8.36 AM Nov 22nd

High sand prices  curbs hitconstructionin VizagHigh sand prices, curbs hit construction in Vizag
Our Bureau
Sand prices are ruling high in Visakhapatnam district after the introduction of the new sand policy by the Andhra Pradesh Government and builders say it is very difficult to take up new projects or complete the ongoing ones.
Visakhapatnam, Nov 21:  
Sand prices are still ruling high in Visakhapatnam district even after the introduction of the new sand policy by the Andhra Pradesh Government and, coupled with the curbs imposed by the State Government in lifting sand from the reaches, it is becoming very difficult for builders to take up new projects or complete the ongoing ones, according to industry representatives.
The representatives of the Builders' Association of India (BAI), the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (CREDAI), and other associations complained at a press meet here on Friday that the situation had in fact worsened in the district after the introduction of the new sand policy due to certain lacunae.
B. Raja Srinivas, the Chairman of the Visakhapatnam chapter of the CREDAI, said the sand prices had shot up from Rs 2,200 to Rs 5,500 per unit (2 cubic metres) and the promised relief after the new sand policy was not visible anywhere. The increase in sand rates had led to hike in construction cost to the extent of Rs 200 per sft and many apartment complexes had got stalled, he said.
He said the Government had fixed the rate at Rs 1,000 per cubic metre at the sand reach, which was on the higher side, and the transport costs were adding to the woes of builders. Srinivas urged the State Government to reduce the price of sand to Rs 450 per cubic metre and lift the restrictions on sand transport.
K. Visweswara Rao, representing the Builders' Association of India (BAI), said many members of the association were executing Government projects and the sand rate fixed by the Government was much higher than that being paid to them for Government works. It was leading to cost escalation and the Government was not paying for the escalation.
He said either the Government should make available sand to the builders at the rate fixed by it or ensure that the market rate does not exceed the rate prescribed by it. "If it cannot do either, it should at least pay us the cost escalation caused by high sand prices," he pleaded.
G. Sambasiva Rao, of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), said the State Government should ensure the quality of sand for construction and bring down the prices by correcting the flaws in the policy. The curbs on transport of sand should also be lifted, he pleaded.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Ford recalls Fiesta sedan to fix glow plug controlHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Ford India to recall over 3,000 Fiestas
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, November 21:  
Ford India on Friday said that it is going for a voluntary recall of 3,072 units of its diesel variant of Fiesta sedan manufactured between October 2010 and December 2011.
This is to correct the glow plug control module, the company said.
Glow plug control module is a heating device used to aid starting diesel engines, because high speed diesel engines can be difficult to start in cold weather conditions.
This is part of the Ford Motor Company’s global recall of 2.21 lakh units of Fiesta. However, the Indian recall of the 3,072 units was only on precautionary measures, the company said.
“The safety and comfort of our customers are always the top priority at Ford. We have initiated a Field Service Action to correct a product concern on 3,072 Ford Fiesta TDCi vehicles,” the company said in a statement.
Ford is writing to customers and asking them to contact their local Ford dealers so that a new design, waterproof glow plug control module can be installed free of charge, it said.
“This is a proactive, voluntary recall action to ensure customers’ safety and satisfaction and no accidents or injuries related to this concern have been reported,” the company added.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Rupee closes stronger at 61.79Rupee closes stronger at 61.79 
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 21:  
Tracking broad gains in the local equity markets, the Indian currency closed stronger at 61.79 against the dollar on Friday.
On Thursday, the rupee had closed at 61.95 against the dollar.
The rupee lost 7 paise during the week, which was marked by volatile movement of the currency. The week also saw the Indian currency touching a nine-month low of 62.25/dollar. 
Analysts believe that rupee will trade in 61.50-62.50 range next week, and the GDP data to be released next Friday will provide further cues. 
The inter-bank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short-term funds from one another, closed lower at 7.50 per cent from previous close of 8 per cent. 
Yield on the 10-year benchmark 8.40 per cent government security, maturing in 2024, hardened to 8.16 per cent against the previous close of 8.15 per cent. The price of the bond fell to Rs. 101.51 as against the previous close of Rs. 101.58.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

UK-based Keypoint Technologies aims to raise about $20 mUK-based Keypoint Technologies aims to raise about $20 m
Our Bureau
Bangalore, Nov 21:  
UK-based Keypoint Technologies is looking to raise funds of about $20 million.
The company, which makes linguistic software for mobile devices is in talks with investors to fuel its next round of growth plans. “We are talking to Venture Capital firms and institutional investors based out of India, United States and United Kingdom for our funding requirements,” said Sumit Goswami, CEO of Keypoint.
Privately owned, Keypoint is headquartered in Glasgow, Scotland and has a sizeable number of workforce based out of Hyderabad. Further, the company has presence in California, Shanghai and Tokyo. The company believes that the funds will be used to develop software that can predict words on a smartphone or tablet in more languages.
Currently, the company has developed this predictive software for 120 languages, according to Goswami. With a growing focus on linguistic development and greater localisation, KeyPoint Technologies is looking to create technologies which take word prediction to the next level and return suggestions to users based on their local tastes and attributes for which the new round of funding would be handy, according to company sources.
The software has been downloaded 1.6 million times on Google Play store, 150,000 times on iOS and is present in around 100 million devices. The company sees growth potential in India, from where it gets 10 per cent of its current revenues. “In the next year, we want to double this,” said Goswami.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Forex Reserves up $419.4 mn to $315.5 bnForex Reserves up $419.4 mn to $315.5 bn
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 21:  
India’s foreign exchange (forex) reserves rose by $419.4 million in the week ended November 14, 2014 to $315.55 billion.
Foreign currency assets, which form a bulk of the forex reserves, were up $422.7 million to $290.06 billion.
Gold Reserves remained unchanged at $19.73 billion.
Special Drawing Rights (SDRs) and the country’s reserve position in the International Monetary Fund fell marginally in the reporting week by $2.4 million and $0.9 million.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Rajiv Gandhi International Airport gets name change orderTelangana opposes airport terminal name change
K.V. Kurmanath
The Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (RGAI) in Hyderabad.
Assembly passes resolution.
Hyderabad, Nov 21:  
The Centre’s decision to name the domestic terminal at the Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (RGIA) has rocked the Telangana Assembly, with Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao and other leaders strongly opposing the move. The House passed a resolution, asking the Centre to maintain a status quo on the issue.
Barring TDP and BJP, all other parties opposed the Government’s decision on Friday and demanded it to name the terminal after Telangana icons such as tribal leader Komuram Bheem. Social networks too were flooded with posts and comments, opposing and supporting the move.
Flaying the move, Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao wondered why the Union Government chose to name it after an Andhra leader. Terming it unfortunate, he said the Centre had not consulted the State government while taking the decision. He later moved the resolution which the House has passed.
The Centre announced the decision on Thursday naming the terminal on NTR’s name. While shifting the International airport to Shamshabad in March 2008 from Begumpet, the then Congress Government named it after former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi (the international terminal was named after him at the Begumpet airport) but chose not to continue with NTR’s name for the domestic terminal. This had attracted criticism from the Telugu Desam Party.
The issue now has become politically sensitive as the late NTR hailed from Krishna district (now in the new State of Andhra Pradesh) was the founder of Telugu Desam Party (TDP). Political, emotional, financial issues and issues related to natural resources have sharply divided the people in the two States ever since the bifurcation happened in June this year.
Now that P Ashok Gajapathi Raju, a senior TDP leader, is holding the Civil Aviation Ministry in the Coalition Government, the Andhra Pradesh Government reportedly convinced the Union Government to bring back the NTR tag for the domestic terminal.
MoCA for change of terminal name
Meanwhile, a spokesperson of the RGIA confirmed receipt of the order on name change from the Ministry of Civil Aviation. “We have received it on Wednesday,” he said.
The airport, however, has not indicated from when the name would be changed.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Venice to ban noisy suitcases on wheelsVenice to ban noisy suitcases on wheels
PTI
Tweet
Rome, Nov 21:  
Famed for the serene silence of its timeless nooks and crannies, Venice is about to get even quieter ... by banning noisy suitcases on wheels.
Residents of Italy’s floating city have had up it to here with the round-the-clock rumble of luggage being dragged across cobblestoned alleyways and bridges by a large proportion of the 27 million visitors who flock there every year.
And their mounting irritation has prompted city authorities to draw up draft rules which will, from next year, see tourists become liable for fines of up to $627 if they fail to switch to noise-free wheels which are either made of rubber or air-filled — or simply opt to carry their luggage to and from their hotels.
The ban also targets trolleys used by workers for the final leg of goods deliveries to businesses and residences within the city and local officials appear to be counting on bag manufacturers coming up with Venice-friendly models.
Italian media said residents of the car-free city would be exempted from the ban although there was no mention of the provision, which would be of questionable legality, in a statement issued by the local council on its plans.
“The rule is designed to respond to the numerous citizens who have in recent years complained to the local council about the serious irritation caused by stuff being moved about at times of the day and night when the law provides for protection against noise pollution,” the statement said.
Officials also said that cushioned wheels were required to protect the city’s ancient paving.
“We have also had numerous expressions of concern about the gradual deterioration and wear and tear of our paving and bridges which had survived intact for centuries,” the council statement said.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Bridge School aims to provide productive manpower to corporatesBridge School aims to provide productive manpower to corporates
October 6, 2014
Rajesh Puri, CEO, Bridge School of Management speaks on the idea and concept behind opening Bridge School of Management. Also, the young professionals hailing from different disciplines share their views on the Bridge School and why did they choose it.
More from this section

How Onyx Education banks on virtual learning platformsHow Onyx Education banks on virtual learning platforms
October 6, 2014
Aman Samuel Uttam, director of Onyx Education talks about the virtual learning platforms started by Hughes Global Education at Onyx Education classrooms and how students enrolled in this management school are learning through this medium.
More from this section

Why MNCs Must  Make in IndiaWhy MNCs must 'Make in India'
Zubin Irani        Last Updated: November 10, 2014  | 19:37 IST
Zubin Irani
A few days ago when our country's prime minister gave the clarion call of 'Make in India', he didn't just announce a new national programme to foster investment. He also laid out an invite for multinational companies (MNCs) from around the world to truly see the potential that exists in India and capitalize upon it. This vision of our political leadership must be applauded. It should also spur MNCs to come forward to help transform the manufacturing landscape in this country much like the way they have been able to do in the services industry over the last decade or so.
"Make in India" can no longer be seen as "a choice" by MNCs looking to get a bigger pie of the market here. Today, it has become a 'necessity to win'. And there are three reasons for this:
1. Manufacturing locally in India enables companies to make significant savings on import duty and logistics costs, which remain considerably high (up to 25-30% of total landed cost). In UTC's own case, wherever we have localised our products, like chillers and elevators, we have been able to bring the cost down by at least 10-15%, thereby increasing our competitiveness and ability to penetrate new customer segments/ price points.
2. There is also a significant reduction in lead time for deliveries to the customer, especially in the case of complex engineering or high-tech products. Over here, by localising some of our product lines, we have been able to reduce the order to delivery lead time from 12 weeks to as low as four weeks. This allows companies to be far more responsive and flexible to changing customer needs.
3. Local manufacturing also provides an opportunity for MNCs to design and manufacture products that are tailored to Indian operating conditions, which are different compared to other countries - be it how products get transported, how they are installed or under what power conditions they operate. Winning in India requires "designing and manufacturing for India".
While the government has laid out a bold vision to bring more manufacturing to India, companies no doubt will face hurdles in doing so and will need to patiently navigate the path ahead. The core issues impeding the growth of manufacturing today like labour, land, cumbersome taxation systems and poor infrastructure are issues that will take time to solve. The new government has been trying to modify the Factories Act but faces stiff opposition. It is, however, very encouraging to see the recent moves to bring in more transparency around labour inspections and provide more flexibility in the employee provident fund (PF) scheme . The onerous land acquisition bill passed by the earlier government needs to be modified to make it more industry friendly, which is no easy task, and the roll-out of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) will take some time given the fact that every state wants to secure its own financial interests. Most importantly, many of these issues have to be resolved at the state level and we are beginning to see some states surge forward with more progress and reform (for example Gujarat, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh). With over $100 billion of investments committed to India by the US, Japan and China during the PM's recent visits, it is up to the states to fight for their respective shares by creating an enabling environment. Those that will do so will receive most of the investment over the next few years. As the environment changes around us and becomes more conducive to manufacturing, there is also a lot that the private industry can do at large (both local and multinational companies), particularly in the areas of attracting talent and developing skills
#1 One issue the manufacturing industry faces is its 'brand image' within today's youth. Unlike the IT or services industry , which are much-aspired for by our young talent, manufacturing does not generate similar interest among young job seekers. According to a survey done by CII and BCG in 2013, less than 15 per cent of Day Zero companies during campus placements were from the manufacturing sector. And 85 per cent of the students indicated that they don't fully understand the true potential of the manufacturing sector. Furthermore, the difference in compensation levels of a manufacturing worker compared that to his/her counterparts in financial or software services is very notable, much higher than it is in countries like the US or China. For entry-level workers in India, this differential is even higher by as much as 30-65%.
Clearly, we all in the manufacturing sector have our work cut out. We need to strive a lot harder to attract and recognise good talent into manufacturing. Countries like Germany and Japan have tried to address this issue by nurturing a"vocational skill" programme where graduates are respected, have better job prospects and compensation. So the pertinent question is: do we as industry value those vocational skills and are we doing enough to build a larger ecosystem to nurture talent that wants to take up the vocational skills? The answer today is, clearly not.
#2 To begin with, as an industry, we can first focus on some very basic 'hygiene' issues like making a common cafeteria, safety, uniforms and other basic amenities available to all the employees irrespective of whether they are permanent or temporary. In fact, it is this differentiation between temporary workforce and permanent employees that lends itself to resentment in the workforce and creates a non-conducive environment.
#3 The other aspect we seriously need to address is creating the right environment for women to work in. After all, diversity is not just a 'good to have' but in a landscape where good talent is harder to come by, the ability to attract more women is a 'strategic advantage'. UTC's Carrier manufacturing facility in Gurgaon, for instance, has piloted a project to create a 'women-only manufacturing line' and all our assessments to date have shown this initiative to be a success. We hope to scale this up and it is critical that other industry players take the issue of increasing its workforce diversity, especially on the shop floor, more seriously.
#4 Finally, for more manufacturing activity to take place in the country, a robust and skilled supply base is required. From UTC's own experience in localising high-engineering products like chillers - a large amount of content still needs to be imported - compressors, tubing due to non-availability of suppliers today. An OEM hence needs to invest in developing supplier capability which can sometimes be a slow and gradual process. Small to Medium Enterprises (SMEs) are going to be critical to the growth of manufacturing in India. This is also an area where industry organisations have a very important role to play. For example, the CII continues to form "clusters" of SMEs within similar trade and provides various development programmes to them. Till date, more than 200 clusters have been formed impacting more than 2,400 companies. This cluster approach helps SMEs to learn through knowledge and best practice sharing, benefiting the industry at large. The MSME (micro, small and medium enterprise) already employs more than 70 million people in the country and multinational companies will have to "step up" and play their part in up-skilling this large workforce.
'Make in India' is going to be a journey. That India has the potential to be a global manufacturing hub cannot be questioned. However, MNCs will need to be patient, invest ahead of the curve and be committed to this opportunity. It's clearly an imperative and no longer an option.
Zubin Irani is the President of UTC Building & Industrial Systems (India Region) and Chairman, CII - Northern Region

LG G3 Beat has some good features but fails to exciteLG G3 Beat
PRICE: Rs 24,999
LG isn't a popular name in the smartphone segment in India, but this doesn't necessarily mean that its smartphones are bad. With the G2 and Flex, the South Korean electronics giant had some innovations up its sleeve. And it continued with the G3, which had a 2k display and a laser-assisted focusing camera. LG has now introduced a miniature version of its flagship smartphone, the LG G3 Beat .
Adorning a metal finish rear panel, it looks like a smaller version of the G3. Once again, the power key, along with the volume controls, has been moved to the rear of the phone, making the side panels look neat. Accessing the keys on this device was easy as LG has added only a five-inch display and maintained the thinness at 10.3 mm. However, it had a downside too. I, unknowingly, ended up unlocking the phone and launching apps. In the end, I had to turn on the Knock Code that drained the battery.
Unlike the G3 that had a 2k display (which I wasn't able to spot with naked eyes), the Beat has a display resolution of 1280x720 pixels only. Despite that, most of the text, images and videos appeared crisp. The 1.2 GHz quad-core processor paired with 1 GB of RAM is good enough for fetching emails, browsing the web, downloading apps, etc. Heavy graphic gaming, however, isn't its forte. The custom user interface by LG does slow down the phone a bit but I got rid of it using third party launchers.
The 8 MP camera does a decent job. The camera locked the focus quickly and the images captured were good and had natural colours. The most impressive was the video capture as it did a decent job in low-light as well. I captured fireworks from a long distance and the video came out well. The call clarity is good and rarely did it lose signal. Even typing long emails on this device isn't troublesome. The LG G3 Beat comes with 2500 mAh battery that will last you a day, if used carefully.
BAG IT OR JUNK IT: An average smartphone, the LG G3 Beat is not designed for heavy use
RATING: 3.5/5

India not among front-runners for 2015 World Cup: FlemingStephen Fleming, former New Zealand cricketer. File Photo
TOPICS
World Cup Cricket
Title holders India are not among the front-runners to win the 2015 World Cup in Australia and New Zealand, feels former New Zealand cricketer Stephen Fleming.
Fleming’s logic for leaving out India from his list of Cup favourites is simple. They won the coveted trophy four years ago at home and this time it is advantage co-hosts — Australia and New Zealand.
“I will give you top four teams - New Zealand and Australia because they play at home. South Africa are in good form, the fourth place is a bit difficult. It could be anyone — India, Pakistan, West Indies, Sri Lanka. So I am going to go with Australia, New Zealand and South Africa and fight for the fourth spot,” Fleming told PTI at a get together organised by appliance major Fisher & Paykel.
He went to elaborate his point of view. “I would just put it down to familiarity. Sri Lanka and India were the finalists last time. It was a very close contest. For the upcoming edition, there is quite a small difference among teams,” said the 41-year-old, who has been the coach of Chennai Super Kings for the last six editions.
India won the 2011 edition in familiar conditions but Down Under their pacers must perform well to make things easier for them.
Fleming feels containment strategy won’t work in Australia and New Zealand, and bowlers, especially the faster ones, will have to provide regular breakthroughs.
“The rules have changed from back then, so that changes things a lot,” he said, referring to the current rule of only four fielders, outside the 30-yard circle.
“India’s fast bowlers are not that bad but the emphasis does need to be on taking wickets, through both pace and spin.
It can’t be just about containment,” said Fleming.

Police denies permission to Amit Shahs Kolkata rallyBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: November 21, 2014 6:16 pm
The Kolkata Police on Friday denied permission to the BJP to hold a rally, scheduled to be addressed by its president Amit Shah, in the city on November 30, said party’s state chief Rahul Sinha. Kolkata Police Commissioner Surojit Kar Purokayastha had held a meeting with the BJP’s Bengal leadership on Thursday on the directive of the Calcutta High Court to discuss the matter.
“Today the Kolkata Police has informed the court and also us that the permission was not given,” Sinha said, describing the development as “a desperate attempt by the TMC to stop the BJP from holding the rally.” “They are afraid of the growth of BJP. The Kolkata Police is citing reasons that we don’t have KMC permission. Can the police show us that TMC had taken the KMC permission to hold their annual July 21 rally?” Sinha wondered.
Sinha said that he was hopeful of getting justice in the court, which the party had moved after the police refused permission. The Calcutta High Court on Tuesday had directed the city police commissioner to discuss the issue with the representatives of the state BJP and inform the court about the outcome. The BJP alleged that though the TMC had been allowed to hold a meeting at the same venue, Esplanade area of the city, on July 21, the BJP was being denied permission.

Mulayam rides a buggy on birthday; grand event funded by Taliban  Dawood: Azam Khans sarcastic responsePrint
Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav along with UP CM Akhilesh Yadav on a Bagghi in Rampur on Friday. Azam Khan organised Mulayam's 76th Birthday Celebration in Rampur. (Source: Express photo by Vishal Srivastav)
By: Press Trust of India | Rampur | Posted: November 21, 2014 6:12 pm | Updated: November 22, 2014 9:29 am
Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav marked his 75th birthday in style, riding an imported Victorian- style ‘buggy’ in Rampur on Friday. However, controversy followed when party leader and minister Azam Khan, when asked about the funding for the event, quipped that the money has come from the Taliban and Dawood Ibrahim.
IN PICS: Mulayam Singh rides a London imported ‘buggy’ to celebrate birthday
Thousands of Khan’s supporters accompanied the horse-driven carriage carrying Mulayam, Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav and him as as it proceeded towards Jauhar University, where the SP chief will celebrate his birthday by cutting a 75-feet-long cake at midnight. The two-day birthday celebrations starting on Friday was organised by the ruling party in Khan’s constituency in Rampur. Khan is also Chancellor of Jauhar University.
The buggy is stated to have been imported from London.
But as the celebrations were set in motion, Azam’s comments over the funding fuelled a controversy. When questioned about the funding for the grand event, an irate Khan, who has left no stone unturned to make the celebrations successful, said money has come from Taliban, a terror group and Dawood Ibrahim, an underworld don.
READ:   Azam show powered by Akhilesh govt
“Why does it matter where the money for celebrations is coming from? Some have come from Taliban, some from Abu Salem, some from Dawood(Ibrahim), some from terrorists…,” he said in an apparent sarcastic response.
Azam had also kicked up a row on Thursday when he suggested that the Taj Mahal, the monument of love in Agra, and the income generated through it should be handed over to the Wakf Board contending that the monument is a mausoleum.
The two-day birthday celebrations starting on Friday was organised by the Samajwadi Party in Azam Khan’s constituency in Rampur. (Source: Express photo by Vishal Srivastav)
“Taj Mahal is a mausoleum and each mausoleum is ‘Waqf’ and comes under the Sunni Central Waqf Board,” he had said.
Mulayam and his son Akhilesh earlier alighted at Mundha Pandey from a special plane and were garlanded by scores of dignitaries. Thousands of students and SP activists shouted ‘netaji zindabad’ slogans.
The procession passed through 200 welcome gates, especially erected with flowers and other decoration material, while the surroundings glittered with electric lights in an atmosphere reminiscent of the old traditions of Nawabs being accorded a grand welcome to the city.
Bunches of red and white balloons lined spruced-up roads along with big banners continued…

Vijay Hazare Trophy: Manish Pandey anchors Karnataka into semisBy: Press Trust of India | Vadodara | Posted: November 21, 2014 6:06 pm
Talented Manish Pandey continued his good form in limited overs format as his unbeaten 99 helped defending champions Karnataka beat Mumbai by four wickets to enter the semi-final of the National One Day Championship for the Vijay Hazare Trophy.
Put into bat, Mumbai scored 286 for eight in 50 overs due to a 135-run fourth wicket partnership between Shreyas Iyer (77) and Suryakumar Yadav (67).
In reply, Manish anchored the chase with an unbeaten 99 off 112 balls that had nine fours and a six as Karnataka reached the target with couple of balls to spare.
Karnataka will meet Bengal in the semi-final.
A couple of weeks earlier, Pandey had scored a century for India A, against Sri Lanka in a practice game in Mumbai.
There were two important partnerships that helped Karnataka reach the target with ease. Pandey along with India international Stuart Binny (58) added 119 runs for the fourth wicket while with Karun Nair (32 off 23 balls), he added 60 priceless runs, to seal the deal.
Binny’s 58 came off 67 balls with three fours and a six and his stand with Pandey stabilised the Karnataka innings just when they were looking in a spot of bother at 84 for three.
Earlier, skipper Surya and former India U-19 Iyer came together at the fall of third Mumbai wicket with scoreboard reading 59. The duo batted with a lot of composure as added 135 runs in 23.1 overs before Abhimanyu Mithun (2/57) cleaned up the Mumbai captain. Both Iyer and Surya, who slammed four boundaries and three sixes, were especially severe on left-arm bowler Srinath Aravind (2/73), who bowled left-arm spin apart from his gentle medium pacers.
Iyer should have got three-figure mark but Pandey’s gentle medium pacers did him in as he spooned a return catch. Mumbai also suffered because veteran Wasim Jaffer (18) was out cheaply caught by Pandey off Mithun.
When Karnataka batted, Mumbai were never in the match once Pandey joined forces with Binny.
Brief Scores: Mumbai 286/8 (Shreyas Iyer 77, Suryakumar Yadav 67, Abhimanyu Mithun 2/57, Srinath Aravind 2/73).
Karnataka 287/6 (Manish Pandey 99 no, Stuart Binny 58, Saurabh Netravalkar 2/43). Karnataka win by 4 wickets.

Obesity silently damages heartFor the study, investigators measured the BMIs and cardiac troponin levels of more than 9,500 heart disease-free men and women (Source: Thinkstock Images)
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New York | Posted: November 21, 2014 6:01 pm
 
Obese people without an overt manifestation of heart disease experience silent cardiac damage that fuels risk of heart failure in the future, with new research suggesting that obesity is an independent driver of heart muscle damage.
The findings challenge the commonly held belief that cardiovascular diseases seen in severely overweight people are driven by diabetes and high blood pressure, both well-known cardiac risk factors and both occurring frequently among the obese.
“Obesity is a well-known ‘accomplice’ in the development of heart disease, but our findings suggest it may be a solo player that drives heart failure independently of other risk factors that are often found among those with excess weight,” said Chiadi Ndumele, lead investigator and assistant professor at the Johns Hopkins University in the US.
Specifically, the research showed that obese people had elevated levels of a heart enzyme known as troponin T, released by injured heart muscle cells.
Increases in levels of this enzyme corresponded to an increase in people’s body mass index (BMI) – a measure of body fat based on a person’s weight-to-height ratio. Levels of the enzyme rose proportionally as BMI went up.
Troponin T is the gold standard for diagnosing acute or recent heart attacks and is widely used in emergency rooms to test patients with chest pain and other symptoms suggestive of a heart attack.
For the study, investigators measured the BMIs and cardiac troponin levels of more than 9,500 heart disease-free men and women, aged 53 to 75, living in Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina and Minnesota.
The researchers then tracked the participants’ health for more than 12 years.
The findings appeared online in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology: Heart Failure.

Mohanlal resents moral policingBy: Press Trust of India | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: November 21, 2014 5:56 pm
Amid heated debate over moral policing and vigilantism, Malayalam superstar Mohanlal has come out against the tendency to coerce others into moral positions by encroaching on individual choices.
Writing in his blog on the topic, the 54-year-old actor said morality is “individual-based” in its various dimensions and “not to be decided by a person or an organisation”. “Our morality has got some custodians now. Political parties and religious leaders have entered the scene as moral police. We have never seen them intervening so actively in any public issue,” the actor wrote.
Lal, who has carved a niche with his diverse characters, said those who claim themselves to be guardians of morality were never prompt to respond when a bridge collapsed or a child brutally raped or anybody died due to sorcery.
An avid blogger, who writes his thoughts and impressions on various issues, Lal said morality can not be defined by any particular code of law. “Morality is individual-based in many aspects. Nobody has the right to infringe on it. But, we should also take some precautions while living in a society,” he said. India is a country which has a strong legal system and neither political parties nor religious heads has any right to position themselves as guardians of law, he noted.
On the recent controversial ‘Kiss of Love’ campaign organised in Kochi against moral policing, Lal said individuals had their own right to kiss or not to kiss. The three-time national award-winning actor also posted a picture of his mother kissing him on his cheek.

Narendra Modi alleges opponents tried to kill BJP candidate in Jharkhand"Those who know it is not possible to win the election have begun the politics of murder," Modi said.
Written by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Latehar | Posted: November 21, 2014 5:56 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday alleged that his opponents tried to murder BJP’s candidate from the Latehar assembly constituency because they feared losing. Modi was addressing a pre-election campaign rally in Latehar’s Chandwa town to support the BJP-AJSU alliance’s five candidates – for Latehar, Chatra, Lohardaga, Gumla and Bishunpur constituencies – which go to polls on November 25, in the first of the state’s five-phased poll. Modi, on a one-day campaign visit to the state, had addressed a rally at Daltonganj town earlier.
Ram’s personal assistant and a security guard were killed when his vehicle collided with an empty coal truck on November 14, less than five km from where the PM’s meeting took place. “Those who know it is not possible to win the election have begun the politics of murder,” Modi said. On arrival at the venue at 1.45 in the afternoon, Modi was seen talking with concerned expressions to Ram, who has his fractured left arm on a sling.
Soon after his accident, Ram had alleged that it was an attempt on his life. A source close to him said Ram privately suspected it to be the handiwork of a candidate fielded by a Jharkhand-based party. “Priyaranjan Paswan gave his life to politics. Our candidate’s bodyguard Hiramani Prasad Devi sacrificed himself doing his duty. Our candidate survived…. but my friends, we should reply to bullets through the ballot. Chot ka jawaab vote se dena hai,” said Modi. The PM went on to appeal for peace: “Elections come and go, people win and lose. But we should not defame our political principles…. I appeal to all political parties to say that violence should have no role in our lives.”
In the same vein, Modi asked the Maoists to lay down arms without naming them: “I also want to tell our youngsters as a brother that the guns on your shoulders can redden the earth, kill someone’s son. On the other hand, if you had your hand on a plough, you can make the earth go green.” Modi said that it was credit to his party that he was able to be at a panchayat like Chandwa. He said that he had been to adjacent Chatra to campaign for the BJP’s candidate during Lok Sabha elections. “Back then, I was contesting myself, I wanted to win. Still, the crowd was not even half of this. This only means that we are going to win again this time,” he said, to applause.
Modi went on to taunt Hemant Soren without naming him. “There was a chief minister who said he would not let any minister from Delhi enter Ranchi,” the PM said, referring to the JMM’s announcement on August 21. The decision had come after continued…

Unravelling the process of going to sleepPrint
Sleeping is a gradual process (Source: Thinkstock Images)
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New York | Posted: November 21, 2014 5:56 pm | Updated: November 22, 2014 6:01 pm
Sleeping is a gradual process and researchers have now developed a method to estimate the dynamic changes in brain activity and behaviour during the transition from wakefulness to sleep.
The research could lead to new treatment for sleep disorders.
“We now have the power to chart the entire trajectory of your neurological, physiological and behavioural activity as you transition from wake to asleep, rather than simply reporting the time it takes,” said lead study author Michael Prerau from the Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) in the US.
Current clinical criteria define sleep as beginning when the power of an individual’s alpha-range brain waves disappear.
The new study established that increasing power in two other brain waves – delta and theta frequencies – point towards the change in behaviour during the transition from wakefulness to sleep.
“These results suggest that it is the presence of delta and theta power, rather than the lack of alpha power, that is necessary for the cessation of behaviour,” Prerau added.
“We may need to carefully re-examine the way sleep onset is defined, since behaviour is an essential component of the story that is not measured clinically,” Prerau said.
For the study participants were asked to hold a small rubber “stress ball” in one hand and squeeze the ball with every intake of breath and release it when exhaling.
The researchers found that two of the nine participants continued to correctly time their ball squeezes for several minutes after alpha levels had dropped.
Only when the power in their brain waves at the theta and delta frequencies had risen did both the behavioural and physiological measures indicate that they were asleep.
The findings appeared in the journal PLOS Computational Biology.

Stock futures rise as China cuts interest ratesFutures soar on China rate cut, ECB stimulus talk
By: William Cummings November 21, 2014 7:45 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
U.S. stock futures traded higher on Friday as China’s central bank cut interest rates and Europe’s chief central banker made comments that the market interpreted favorably.
The People’s Bank of China cut rates by 25 basis points to 5.6%, the country’s state news agency reported.
China’s economic growth slowed to a five-year low of 7.3% last quarter.
Ahead of the opening bell on Wall Street, the major indexes shot higher. The Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq all added around 0.7%. Those markets closed before the rate cut was announced.
Elsewhere in Asia, Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 index added 0.3% and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng advanced 0.6%. The Shanghai Composite grew 1.4%.
European markets traded higher after China cut rates, but also following comments from European Central Bank head Mario Draghi.
The ECB boss said the chief monetary authority for the eurozone is willing to “step up the pressure” and broaden its stimulus efforts to help the struggling economy.
“We will continue to meet our responsibility — we will do what we must to raise inflation and inflation expectations as fast as possible, as our price-stability mandate requires of us,” Draghi said, speaking at a banking conference in Frankfurt.
The eurozone grew only 0.2% in the third quarter, and recent economic indicators for future growth have been downbeat. Unemployment is 11.5%.
Contributing: Associated Press

Tread cautiously as markets hit new highsMahesh Nayak      Follow @MaheshNayak    Last Updated: November 17, 2014  | 11:09 IST
Global cues will dictate the trend in the Indian market this week. (Photo: Reuters)
Mahesh Nayak
Last week there were two incidences that indicated euphoria being slowly setting in the Indian market . The first was the launch of a five-year close-end Sundaram World Brand Fund. The fund house is raising money from investors to invest in world's strongest brands. The fund house is said to have appointed three brand consultants that would rank the world's top brands and then it would choose the common names from the three lists to invest in the equity of the top branded companies in the world. When the going is good, mutual funds don't miss a single opportunity to exploit the sentiment of retail investors by showing them the carrot.
Between November 14, 2013 and November 13, 2014, International Funds have eroded capital of investors. International Funds have delivered returns between a negative 20 per cent and a gain of 24 per cent. The ones that have returned more than 20 per cent had 30 per cent exposure in Sensex stocks. On the other hand, large-cap funds have reported a minimum of 18 per cent return to a maximum 56 per cent.
On one hand, the market regulator the Securities and Exchange Board of India doesn't miss an opportunity to criticise the mutual fund industry on its performance and how they aren't being able to attract investors, on the other it allows mutual fund to come out with high-risk funds when the market is at an all-time high. Rather than benefiting the industry, such funds could damage the image of the entire industry as investors in India still don't understand the risk of getting into equities. While the mutual fund industry in October saw record inflows, when you speak to distributors and financial advisors you realise that existing investors who have made money are pumping in more funds on hopes that the market will continue to surge. The new set of investors is still not being pulled towards mutual funds or the equity market.
In terms of valuation, the Indian equity market is fairly valued with the benchmark index trading at 15 to 16 times one-year forward earnings. In fact, the market has already discounted positive factors and there has been a considerable price-to-earnings re-rating in the market. The market will wait for earnings to catch up before the next surge and it could take seven to eight months for earnings to improve.
All eyes will be on the government and its initiatives to boost economic growth. In the next 15 days we will also come to know the mind of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and its outlook on inflation and interest rates. The big trigger will be the reform programme and spending from the government in sectors like infrastructure and power. Until then it would be advisable for investors to tread cautiously in the market, which is starting to look euphoric, and past experience suggests players burn their hands in such scenarios.
Meanwhile, global cues will dictate the trend in the Indian market this week. US President Barack Obama's meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin amid tensions over Ukraine and Russia will be keenly watched.

IBM launches new email service VerseNew Delhi, November 19, 2014
Updated: November 19, 2014 22:54 IST
IBM launches new email service Verse
Yuthika Bhargava
Tweet
AP
IBM Verse uses built-in analytics to provide an ‘at-a- glance’ view that intelligently surfaces an individual’s most critical actions for the day. File photo
AP
IBM Verse uses built-in analytics to provide an ‘at-a- glance’ view that intelligently surfaces an individual’s most critical actions for the day. File photo
TOPICS
science and technology
IBM on Wednesday launched its new e-mail application for businesses that integrates social media and analytics to help organisations and employees increase productivity.
The new email ‘IBM Verse’, which is a part of company’s strategy to shift from hardware services to cloud computing and data analytics, is the first application to come out from company’s USD 100 million investment in design innovation.
It is the first messaging system to feature 'faceted search', IBM Social Business and
IBM Smarter Workforce Director Anmol Nautiyal said, adding this will enable users to pinpoint and retrieve specific information they are seeking across all the various types of content within their email.
Nautiyal said Verse uses built-in analytics to provide an ‘at-a-glance’ view that intelligently surfaces an individual’s most critical actions for the day. Over time, it can provide instant context about a given project as well as the people and teams collaborating on it.
“Although email is considered one of the most significant advances in workforce productivity over the past 30 years, today it has become one of the greatest organizational burdens. IBM Verse gives enterprise customers, small businesses and individuals a scalable, cloud-based social collaboration environment optimised for mobile and Web environments,” he said.
The company is currently launching the beta version, while a freemium version – a model where basic version is free while more elaborate features need to be purchased -- will be available from the first quarter of next year.
IBM presently has 30,000 active support customers globally for its enterprise mail service named Notes.
IT industry analysts estimate that 108 billion work emails are sent daily, requiring employees to check their inboxes an average of 36 times an hour. It is also estimated that only 14 percent of those emails are of critical importance.
“According to IDC, email remains the single most widely used collaboration tool, with worldwide revenue for enterprise email expected to reach USD 4.7 billion in 2017,” Nautiyal said.

Internet users in India to cross 300 mn by Dec: Reportworld wide web
The number of Internet users in India is expected to cross the 300 million mark by the end of this year, overtaking the US as world’s second-largest Internet market.
According to a report by the Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) and IMRB International, the number of Internet users in India is expected to grow 32 per cent to 302 million this year from 213 million at the end of December 2013.
Presently, India has the third-largest Internet user base in the world. While China leads with more than 600 million Internet users, the US has an estimated 279 million users. It is estimated, the report said, that by December 2014, India will overtake the US as the second largest Internet users’ base in the world.
The user base in India is further estimated to grow to 354 million by June 2015.
“The Internet in India took more than a decade to move from 10 million to 100 million and 3 years from 100 million to 200 million. However, it took only a year to move from 200 to 300 million users. Clearly, Internet is mainstream in India today,” IAMAI-IMRB said in a statement.
The report said of the 278 million users Indian had in October this year, 177 million are in urban India, higher by 29 per cent from last year. In rural India, the number of Internet users increased by 39 per cent to reach 101 million in October 2014.
About 119 million users access the Internet on mobile devices in urban India, while rural mobile Internet user base stood at 40 million in October this year. This is further estimated to touch 128 million (urban) and 45 million (rural) by December-end, it said

Case registered against Islamic scholar for insulting four year old rape victim in speechPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvanantapuram | Posted: November 21, 2014 1:47 pm
Police have registered a case against prominent Muslim Sunni scholar Perode Abdurahiman Saqafi on charges of making insulting remarks against a four-year-old girl, who was allegedly raped in her school in Kozhikode.
A prominent orator, Saqafi is the general secretary of the trust, which runs Darul Huda English Medium School, at Parakkadavu in Kozhikode, where the victim studied. Last week, police had arrested two youths, who were inmates of an orphanage-cum-religious centre, in connection with the alleged molestation.
Subsequently, while addressing a meeting of the school authorities and well wishers, Saqafi raised questions about the rape theory, which, according to the victim’s family, were insulting in nature. The police registered the case after the girl’s parents moved a complaint.
Saqafi in his speech, which was circulated widely, was heard saying, “we don’t have any information about what happened to the girl in between the day of the alleged rape and in the following nine days after which the family complained about the incident. We don’t know the places where she had gone in these nine days….’’
Saqafi said mother’s version was very interesting. “When mother saw her daughter slapping her private parts with a balloon, she asked what you were doing and what was wrong there. Then, she revealed to the mother about the rape incident. My doubt is that from where the girl got the inspiration to play with balloon even after all these acts (means rape)…
“On the day the girl was allegedly raped in a school bathroom, she had sat through the entire class hours and returned home by school bus. We have not got any evidence to suggest that she had encountered any problem at the school. When she went from the school, she was safe.’’
“Her father says daughter was raped and her genitals sustained injury. If she was injured, will she sit in the class,’’
“The girl first said she was raped in a bathroom at the end of the school building. If she was raped, I cannot believe that she would sit through the day’s class. If such a small girl was subjected to rape, she would have fainted, even died, or she would have been soaked in blood. At least she would have cried. She would have rushed to the class crying. If her face was smothered during the act, would she move around at the school in perfect health. Why the girl did not inform her teacher, a local woman….’’
When she was taken to a local doctor, she was given medicine for urinary infection. When she was not cured, another doctor, who was consulted, ruled out urinary infection. It was several days after that the mother came up with the complaint..

HRD Ministry planning Think in India driveGreater Noida, November 20, 2014
Updated: November 20, 2014 20:52 IST
HRD Ministry planning ‘Think in India’ drive
PTI
Tweet
PTI
Union Minister for Human Resource Development Smriti Irani at the inaugural session of the “Knowledge Expo” organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), at India Expo Centre in Greater Noida on Thursday.
TOPICS
ministers (government)
"We want to complement the PM's 'Made in India' campaign with a ‘Think in India’ campaign," HRD Minister Smriti Irani said.
In line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Make in India’ campaign, the HRD Ministry is planning to come up with a ‘Think in India’ drive to encourage students and researchers to come up with innovations and new ideas and to keep the talent back home from leaving abroad.
Union Minister for Human Resource Development Smriti Irani said this at an event organised by the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) here.
She said the campaign would aim to curb the outward flow of the country’s students, who leave their homeland in search of backing for their ideas.
“We all know the Prime Minister has spoken about the ’Make in India’ project and we in the Ministry of Human Resource Development want to complement it by a ‘Think in India’ campaign through the ‘Rashtriya Avishkaar Yojana’,” she said.
Irani said that through this initiative the Ministry wants to encourage students to come up with new innovations and new designs.
We also hope that in collaboration with the industry, the Ministry can come up with ideas as to how these innovations can be rewarded and funded within our own country.
“So that our faculty and our students need not leave our shores in hunt for money to back their research with,” the HRD minister said.
She also said that Prime Modi had once expressed his desire to facilitate interaction with the best academicians for children who cannot go abroad overseas to get education.
“We have initiated a programme Global Initiative for Academic Networks called GIAN, where we are seeking to invite very celebrated academicians and industry experts from across the world, who will come and teach at least one semester in India at the cost of Government of India, so that our students and faculty members benefit,” she said.
The HRD minister said that IITS, IIMs, Central Universities, NITs are already drawing up their wishlists.
She said that in the last six months, the HRD ministry has set up committees to look at the mandate and the overall functioning of the UGC, the AICTE and also for the National Council for Teachers’ Education.

Wynn takes a hit on investigation talkWynn takes a hit on investigation talk
By: Matt Krantz November 20, 2014 3:46 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Shares of hotelier Wynn Resorts (WYNN) are down nearly 2% Thursday on reports it’s being investigated over money-laundering allegations.
Wynn Resorts stock is off $2.66, or 1.5%, to $177.22 on a report from the Wall Street Journal that Federal investigators are looking into whether the company broke money-laundering rules. The WSJ quoted “people familiar with the matter.”
USA TODAY could not confirm the reports. A company spokesperson told USA TODAY in an e-mailed response the company is not aware of any investigation and says no government agency has told the company it is under investigation.

BI to issue show cause notice to Saritas husband  coachNew Delhi, November 21, 2014
Updated: November 21, 2014 18:20 IST
BI to issue show cause notice to Sarita’s husband, coach
PTI
Boxer Sarita's husband Thoiba Singh said he was in Incheon merely as a spectator. File Photo
TOPICS
Summer Asian Games
For their unauthorised presence at the ringside during the Incheon Asian Games.
Under pressure from AIBA, Boxing India (BI) on Friday said it has decided to issue a show cause notice to boxer Sarita Devi’s husband and personal coach for their unauthorised presence at the ringside during the Incheon Asian Games.
Sarita faces the prospect of a life ban from AIBA , the sport’s apex body, even though BI is trying to reduce the enormity of the punishment against the boxer for refusing to accept the Asian Games bronze medal owing to a controversial semi-final loss.
BI president Sandeep Jajodia said efforts are on to help Sarita avoid a “severe” punishment like a life ban.
“During the recent national congress of AIBA, we explained to them the circumstances in which it may have happened, Sarita’s outburst in the podium etc. We have already told them that we are contemplating to take action against Sarita’s personal coach and husband. They were not accredited people and had no business to be in the field of play,” Mr. Jajodia told ‘Times Now’
“We are in the process of issuing a show cause notice to the coach and husband and we will be informing AIBA about all this. We are hoping that AIBA listens to our plea to be lenient to Sarita and not go ahead with something like as severe as a life ban, which will spoil her career,” he added.
Provisionally suspended by AIBA, the Indian boxing body is trying to help Sarita in every possible way it can.
“Efforts are on to get as much respite for Sarita as we can,” Mr. Jajodia said.
Meanwhile, the boxer’s husband Thoiba Singh said he was in Incheon merely as a spectator.
“I have not received the notice. We are hoping for a positive response from AIBA. I was there as a spectator, not just for my wife, but to support the Indian boxing contingent,” Mr. Thoiba said.

Long  to do  list for Modi as clock ticks on reformParliamnet nod sought for Rs 12k-cr expenditure
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has a long list of pro-growth measures to implement over the next four months, but time may have already run out to breathe enough life into the economy to meet the tough 2014/15 fiscal deficit target.
Modi’s election victory in May unleashed a rush of money from foreign portfolios betting the reformist prime minister would drive a quick recovery. That has yet to materialise, with both factory utilisation and capital spending low.
Parliament convenes on Monday for a month-long session in which the government is confident of passing legislation to allow more foreign investment in the insurance industry, despite hostile opposition parties. Other bills, including labour and land reform, will face stiff opposition.
After the session ends on Dec. 23, focus will turn to Finance Minister Arun Jaitley’s second budget, due in February and seen as a chance for the government to address criticism it has not moved quickly or boldly enough on the economy.
“They are quite aware of the urgency, that this cannot just be an incremental budget,” said author and commentator Gurcharan Das, a former CEO of Proctor and Gamble India. “They think of this of this as a transformative budget.”
Jaitley set a tough fiscal deficit target of 4.1 percent of GDP in his maiden budget. Slack tax revenues and the challenge of raising a record $9.5 billion target from asset sales could force him to cut spending, risking a fragile economic recovery.
“India looks set to miss its fiscal target this year, even in the optimistic case that the government fully delivers on its plans to sell stakes in state-owned companies,” Capital Economics’ Shilan Shah said in a research note.
Shah said missing the target would not be such a bad thing, given that looser fiscal policy could help the economic revival.
GDP LOOMING
After moving slowly on economic policy, including the asset sales, in his first six months in office, Modi has now picked up the pace.
Last week the government announced it would auction dozens of coalfields by February as well as allow foreign firms to mine coal for the first time. Asset sales should begin with the sale of a stake in oil firm ONGC in early December.
Even if such moves are implemented straight away, one senior government source said, their impact will take months to be felt.
GDP data due on Nov. 28 will give a clearer picture of how the economy fared in the quarter to September, but with factories running nearly 30 percent below capacity, few expect a big rebound from the worst slowdown since the 1980s.
One finance ministry source said on Friday that 2014/15 economic growth was likely to be at the lower end of the 5.4-5.9 percent forecast factored into the current budget, while tax receipts may fall short by 700 billion rupees ($11 billion).
Opposition parties have not so far not agreed to support even the relatively uncontroversial insurance bill, or a     constitutional amendment needed for a goods and services tax, raising concerns of a log jam in the upper house of parliament, where Modi’s party is in minority.
Recognizing that the investment and economic recovery is “yet to materialise”, and that tax receipts are well below budget estimates, the government has turned to excise measures such as a fuel tax to claw back revenue.
One proposal under discussion is to place a duty on imports of crude oil, three government sources said. The proposal is opposed by India’s oil refiners.
Other revenues could come from planned auctions of mobile telephone and FM radio spectrum early next year.
TAGS: Indian Econo Narendra Modi
More from economy

Mohanlal resents moralpolicingBy: Press Trust of India | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: November 21, 2014 5:56 pm
Amid heated debate over moral policing and vigilantism, Malayalam superstar Mohanlal has come out against the tendency to coerce others into moral positions by encroaching on individual choices.
Writing in his blog on the topic, the 54-year-old actor said morality is “individual-based” in its various dimensions and “not to be decided by a person or an organisation”. “Our morality has got some custodians now. Political parties and religious leaders have entered the scene as moral police. We have never seen them intervening so actively in any public issue,” the actor wrote.
Lal, who has carved a niche with his diverse characters, said those who claim themselves to be guardians of morality were never prompt to respond when a bridge collapsed or a child brutally raped or anybody died due to sorcery.
An avid blogger, who writes his thoughts and impressions on various issues, Lal said morality can not be defined by any particular code of law. “Morality is individual-based in many aspects. Nobody has the right to infringe on it. But, we should also take some precautions while living in a society,” he said. India is a country which has a strong legal system and neither political parties nor religious heads has any right to position themselves as guardians of law, he noted.
On the recent controversial ‘Kiss of Love’ campaign organised in Kochi against moral policing, Lal said individuals had their own right to kiss or not to kiss. The three-time national award-winning actor also posted a picture of his mother kissing him on his cheek.

Narendra Modi alleges opponents tried to kill BJP candidate inJharkhand"Those who know it is not possible to win the election have begun the politics of murder," Modi said.
Written by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Latehar | Posted: November 21, 2014 5:56 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday alleged that his opponents tried to murder BJP’s candidate from the Latehar assembly constituency because they feared losing. Modi was addressing a pre-election campaign rally in Latehar’s Chandwa town to support the BJP-AJSU alliance’s five candidates – for Latehar, Chatra, Lohardaga, Gumla and Bishunpur constituencies – which go to polls on November 25, in the first of the state’s five-phased poll. Modi, on a one-day campaign visit to the state, had addressed a rally at Daltonganj town earlier.
Ram’s personal assistant and a security guard were killed when his vehicle collided with an empty coal truck on November 14, less than five km from where the PM’s meeting took place. “Those who know it is not possible to win the election have begun the politics of murder,” Modi said. On arrival at the venue at 1.45 in the afternoon, Modi was seen talking with concerned expressions to Ram, who has his fractured left arm on a sling.
Soon after his accident, Ram had alleged that it was an attempt on his life. A source close to him said Ram privately suspected it to be the handiwork of a candidate fielded by a Jharkhand-based party. “Priyaranjan Paswan gave his life to politics. Our candidate’s bodyguard Hiramani Prasad Devi sacrificed himself doing his duty. Our candidate survived…. but my friends, we should reply to bullets through the ballot. Chot ka jawaab vote se dena hai,” said Modi. The PM went on to appeal for peace: “Elections come and go, people win and lose. But we should not defame our political principles…. I appeal to all political parties to say that violence should have no role in our lives.”
In the same vein, Modi asked the Maoists to lay down arms without naming them: “I also want to tell our youngsters as a brother that the guns on your shoulders can redden the earth, kill someone’s son. On the other hand, if you had your hand on a plough, you can make the earth go green.” Modi said that it was credit to his party that he was able to be at a panchayat like Chandwa. He said that he had been to adjacent Chatra to campaign for the BJP’s candidate during Lok Sabha elections. “Back then, I was contesting myself, I wanted to win. Still, the crowd was not even half of this. This only means that we are going to win again this time,” he said, to applause.
Modi went on to taunt Hemant Soren without naming him. “There was a chief minister who said he would not let any minister from Delhi enter Ranchi,” the PM said, referring to the JMM’s announcement on August 21. The decision had come after continued…

Boxer Manoj to receive Arjuna AwardNew Delhi, November 21, 2014
Updated: November 21, 2014 18:53 IST
Boxer Manoj to receive Arjuna Award
PTI
boxing
Award will be presented on November 26 by Sports Minister
Forced to take the legal route after being denied the honour initially, boxer Manoj Kumar will be bestowed the Arjuna Award by Sports Minister Sarbananda Sonowal in New Delhi on November 26.
Manoj, a 2010 Commonwealth Games gold-medallist, on Friday said that he has been informed by the sports minister to receive the award.
“I have received a confirmatory mail from Sports Ministry that the Arjuna Award will be given to me by sports minister Sarbananda Sonowal on November 26 at 5pm at a function at Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium in Delhi,” Manoj said.
“I have got this award after fighting with injustice made by the selection committee,” he said.
Manoj was earlier denied the Arjuna Award by the Kapil Dev-led selection committee even as another boxer Jai Bhagwan was recommended for the coveted honour.
Feeling “insulted”, Manoj approached the Sports Ministry officials, who, he said, had assured him that his name would be added to the list in a review meeting.
But after being snubbed for a second time in the review meeting, Manoj took the legal route and filed a case in the Delhi high court. He won the case and that led to the ministry accepting his nomination for the award.
The ministry, through its counsel, admitted in the court that Manoj was initially not considered for the award by the committee as they mistakenly believed that he was involved in a doping case.

Tata Motors Q2 falls  PAT drops 7%Save this video
Copy URL
The auto major’s PAT is down 7% at 3,291 crore, while its sales grew by 6% to 60,564 crore. Revenue from the company's British unit, Jaguar Land Rover went up by 7.34 per cent to Rs 49,160.72 crore in the second quarter this fiscal, as against Rs 45,795 crore in the year-ago period.
33

DDA postpones housing scheme draw yet againDelhi Development Authority postpones housing scheme draw to unspecified date
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 17, 2014  | 10:08 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
After facing last-minute technical hiccups on Sunday, the Delhi Development Authority (DDA) has postponed the draw of the lots for its flagship Housing Scheme 2014, which was scheduled to be held today ( Nov 17 ).
The decision comes in the wake of technical problem encountered by the housing body while holding the mock trial for the scheme at its headquarters in 'Vikas Sadan' in the neational capital and no new date has been announced.
The new housing scheme offers 25,034 flats including, EWS, LIG, MIG, HIG, Janta flats and one-room apartments. The 22,627 one-bed room apartments were a major draw for the people in 2014, and DDA has received over 10 lakh applications for it.
C-DAC (Centre for Development of Advanced Computing), which had conducted the draw for the housing body 's last scheme in 2010, has been roped in this time again for the event. A mock trial of the draw of DDA Housing Scheme-2014 was held on Sunday at Vikas Sadan in the presence of Hon'ble Judges and senior officers of DDA.
After the mock trial, C-DAC officials observed that mock trial had taken as long as 8-9 hours because of a large number of applicants, multiple category of flats (more than four), multiple preferences for locations (34) and multiple reservations (SC, ST, Persons with Disability, Ex-Servicemen and War Widow).
Therefore, the date of drawing lots has been postponed and will be announced soon.
"It is taking inordinately long time and the process needs more time for optimisation of data and process," DDA said in a statement on Sunday.
"Some technical experts have been called to check the process and give their opinion so that during the final draw there are no technical problems," the housing body added.
The draw was slated to be held today at the Conference Hall of the DDA headquarters at 11:30 am.
Additionally, for the first time, the housing authority would be webcasting live the entire draw on the internet with a dedicated URL for the same.
"We have created a dedicated website for the draw, and instead of directly webcasting through a YouTube channel, we later decided to create a separate window for the event altogether, where online user(s) can see the proceedings live," DDA's Director (Systems) VS Tomar had said.
Online users must visit this site directly as no link has been provided through the official DDA website, to preclude any chance of crashing of the home site.
The new scheme, which offers over 25,000 flats across various categories, ranging in price from Rs 7 lakh to Rs 1.2 crore, closed on October 15. This latest housing scheme was launched on September 1. The last date for application was initially set for October 9 before it was extended till October 15.

Cipla ties up to distribute Serum Institute vaccines in EuropeUpdated: November 20, 2014 18:01 IST
Cipla ties up to distribute Serum Institute vaccines in Europe
Special Correspondent
Cipla manufacturing unit on the outskirts of Mumbai. File photo.
TOPICS
vaccines
Cipla Europe NV, a fully-owned subsidiary of Indian pharmaceutical major, Cipla, has signed a distribution agreement with Serum Institute of India (SII), a global major in vaccine manufacture. According to a statement from Cipla, under the agreement, SII will develop and manufacture paediatric vaccines and Cipla will seek European Medicines Agency approval and market the products in Europe.
The vaccines will be manufactured in SII’s production facilities and the collaboration enables Cipla to enter the vaccines segment. "This collaboration is aligned with our commitment to access to affordable paediatric healthcare," Subhanu Saxena, MD & Global CEO, Cipla, said in a statement. "Both Cipla and SII share the same core values such as self-sufficiency, affordability, accessibility, quality and commitment to good health."
Over the last six months, Cipla has strengthened its presence in Europe having launched respiratory products like Salmeterol / Fluticasone in Germany and Sweden, Czech Republic, Slovakia and Croatia. In July, Cipla signed an exclusive partnership with BioQuiddity to maket OneDoseRedyfusOR in regional anesthetic applications for post-surgical pain management.
SII is the world’s second largest vaccine manufacturer in terms of doses manufactured and supplies vaccines to more than 140 countries.
PTI adds:
Cipla shares up nearly 4%
Shares of pharmaceuticals firm Cipla rose by nearly 4 per cent after the agreement with Serum Institute of India.
Cipla’s stock surged 3.23 per cent to settle at Rs 618.60 on the BSE. In intra-day, it climbed 4.13 per cent to Rs 624.
At the NSE, it rose by 3.89 per cent to end the day at Rs 622.50.
The company’s market value also moved up by Rs 1,553.72 crore to Rs 49,668.72 crore.

Vu launches 32-inch Android KitKat LED TV at Rs 26 990The Android TV comes with a built-in Amlogic Quadcore S802 graphics chipset.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 6:12 pm
Vu Televisions has launched its 32-inch LED smart TV running Android 4.4.2 KitKat operating system at Rs. 26,990. The TV has 50 built-in applications and gives direct access to the web. The VU 32 has connectivity options like Skype, Facebook, Youtube and Miracast. Users can also download apps from the Google Play Store to the Vu Android TV and have complete access to them.
The Android TV comes with a built-in Amlogic Quadcore S802 graphics chipset. “The Indian consumer market is growing at a rapid speed with increased demand for smart gadgets. The new Vu 32-inch Android TV offers viewers a host of applications and additional functions that makes TV viewing an interactive experience,” said Devita Saraf, CEO & Design Head, Vu Technologies.
Specs:
ARM Cortex A9, up to 2.0GHz
Octacore ARM Mali-450GPU, comply with OpenGL ES 1.1/2.0 and OpenVG1.1
2GB DDR3 RAM

Police denies permission to Amit Shahs KolkatarallyBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: November 21, 2014 6:16 pm
The Kolkata Police on Friday denied permission to the BJP to hold a rally, scheduled to be addressed by its president Amit Shah, in the city on November 30, said party’s state chief Rahul Sinha. Kolkata Police Commissioner Surojit Kar Purokayastha had held a meeting with the BJP’s Bengal leadership on Thursday on the directive of the Calcutta High Court to discuss the matter.
“Today the Kolkata Police has informed the court and also us that the permission was not given,” Sinha said, describing the development as “a desperate attempt by the TMC to stop the BJP from holding the rally.” “They are afraid of the growth of BJP. The Kolkata Police is citing reasons that we don’t have KMC permission. Can the police show us that TMC had taken the KMC permission to hold their annual July 21 rally?” Sinha wondered.
Sinha said that he was hopeful of getting justice in the court, which the party had moved after the police refused permission. The Calcutta High Court on Tuesday had directed the city police commissioner to discuss the issue with the representatives of the state BJP and inform the court about the outcome. The BJP alleged that though the TMC had been allowed to hold a meeting at the same venue, Esplanade area of the city, on July 21, the BJP was being denied permission.

Mulayam rides a buggy on birthday; grand event funded by Taliban  Dawood: Azam Khans sarcasticresponsePrint
Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav along with UP CM Akhilesh Yadav on a Bagghi in Rampur on Friday. Azam Khan organised Mulayam's 76th Birthday Celebration in Rampur. (Source: Express photo by Vishal Srivastav)
By: Press Trust of India | Rampur | Posted: November 21, 2014 6:12 pm | Updated: November 22, 2014 9:29 am
Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav marked his 75th birthday in style, riding an imported Victorian- style ‘buggy’ in Rampur on Friday. However, controversy followed when party leader and minister Azam Khan, when asked about the funding for the event, quipped that the money has come from the Taliban and Dawood Ibrahim.
IN PICS: Mulayam Singh rides a London imported ‘buggy’ to celebrate birthday
Thousands of Khan’s supporters accompanied the horse-driven carriage carrying Mulayam, Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav and him as as it proceeded towards Jauhar University, where the SP chief will celebrate his birthday by cutting a 75-feet-long cake at midnight. The two-day birthday celebrations starting on Friday was organised by the ruling party in Khan’s constituency in Rampur. Khan is also Chancellor of Jauhar University.
The buggy is stated to have been imported from London.
But as the celebrations were set in motion, Azam’s comments over the funding fuelled a controversy. When questioned about the funding for the grand event, an irate Khan, who has left no stone unturned to make the celebrations successful, said money has come from Taliban, a terror group and Dawood Ibrahim, an underworld don.
READ:   Azam show powered by Akhilesh govt
“Why does it matter where the money for celebrations is coming from? Some have come from Taliban, some from Abu Salem, some from Dawood(Ibrahim), some from terrorists…,” he said in an apparent sarcastic response.
Azam had also kicked up a row on Thursday when he suggested that the Taj Mahal, the monument of love in Agra, and the income generated through it should be handed over to the Wakf Board contending that the monument is a mausoleum.
The two-day birthday celebrations starting on Friday was organised by the Samajwadi Party in Azam Khan’s constituency in Rampur. (Source: Express photo by Vishal Srivastav)
“Taj Mahal is a mausoleum and each mausoleum is ‘Waqf’ and comes under the Sunni Central Waqf Board,” he had said.
Mulayam and his son Akhilesh earlier alighted at Mundha Pandey from a special plane and were garlanded by scores of dignitaries. Thousands of students and SP activists shouted ‘netaji zindabad’ slogans.
The procession passed through 200 welcome gates, especially erected with flowers and other decoration material, while the surroundings glittered with electric lights in an atmosphere reminiscent of the old traditions of Nawabs being accorded a grand welcome to the city.
Bunches of red and white balloons lined spruced-up roads along with big banners continued…

Vijay Hazare Trophy: Manish Pandey anchors Karnataka intosemisBy: Press Trust of India | Vadodara | Posted: November 21, 2014 6:06 pm
Talented Manish Pandey continued his good form in limited overs format as his unbeaten 99 helped defending champions Karnataka beat Mumbai by four wickets to enter the semi-final of the National One Day Championship for the Vijay Hazare Trophy.
Put into bat, Mumbai scored 286 for eight in 50 overs due to a 135-run fourth wicket partnership between Shreyas Iyer (77) and Suryakumar Yadav (67).
In reply, Manish anchored the chase with an unbeaten 99 off 112 balls that had nine fours and a six as Karnataka reached the target with couple of balls to spare.
Karnataka will meet Bengal in the semi-final.
A couple of weeks earlier, Pandey had scored a century for India A, against Sri Lanka in a practice game in Mumbai.
There were two important partnerships that helped Karnataka reach the target with ease. Pandey along with India international Stuart Binny (58) added 119 runs for the fourth wicket while with Karun Nair (32 off 23 balls), he added 60 priceless runs, to seal the deal.
Binny’s 58 came off 67 balls with three fours and a six and his stand with Pandey stabilised the Karnataka innings just when they were looking in a spot of bother at 84 for three.
Earlier, skipper Surya and former India U-19 Iyer came together at the fall of third Mumbai wicket with scoreboard reading 59. The duo batted with a lot of composure as added 135 runs in 23.1 overs before Abhimanyu Mithun (2/57) cleaned up the Mumbai captain. Both Iyer and Surya, who slammed four boundaries and three sixes, were especially severe on left-arm bowler Srinath Aravind (2/73), who bowled left-arm spin apart from his gentle medium pacers.
Iyer should have got three-figure mark but Pandey’s gentle medium pacers did him in as he spooned a return catch. Mumbai also suffered because veteran Wasim Jaffer (18) was out cheaply caught by Pandey off Mithun.
When Karnataka batted, Mumbai were never in the match once Pandey joined forces with Binny.
Brief Scores: Mumbai 286/8 (Shreyas Iyer 77, Suryakumar Yadav 67, Abhimanyu Mithun 2/57, Srinath Aravind 2/73).
Karnataka 287/6 (Manish Pandey 99 no, Stuart Binny 58, Saurabh Netravalkar 2/43). Karnataka win by 4 wickets.

Skullcandy Knockout review: LadiesspecialPrint
Skullcandy has taken their research quite seriously and have kept the behavioral differences of how a woman likes her music in mind.
Written by Rituparna Banerjee | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 6:01 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 8:01 pm
Headphones designed and engineered specially for the fairer sex! Ladies, does that impress you? Well, it impresses me and flatters me both. Yes, I was just as taken aback as you are right now when I heard Skullcandy has come out with a women’s special series of headphones. Honestly I thought it would be yet another series of headphones in the ‘shades of pink’, very predictably labelled for the women. I was pleasantly surprised when that wasn’t the case.
If you have not been feeling much at ease putting on those unisex over-ear headphones available in the market then Skullcandy’s Knockout series is just right for you. Skullcandy’s girls only pair of over-ear headphones have been exclusively designed and engineered to cater to our needs.
So what do we women need? Well, a lot of things but as far as sound is concerned, a recent study has shown that women can hear low frequency sound 10 times more than men can and that too at much lower volumes. The research further says that ‘while women use both sides of their brain while listening to music, men use just one.’  Does that mean women have better hearing than men? Well, it seems so and hence Skullcandy says that it has ‘engineered, designed, cushioned and patterned Knockout to fit women and what they want.’
 
Design
To talk about aesthetics, Skullcandy has produced three different designs of Knockout. I absolutely loved ‘Geo’, in good-old basic black with spikes on it. The fact that they have not remained stuck to the usual and very marketable ‘girly colours’ is quite impressive. The other two designs are Blue-and-Purple-coloured ‘Robin’ and floral-printed ‘Floral’. Design-wise, they have very intelligently created three distinct kinds of headphones to catch all kinds of buyers.
It has been proven that women generally have small ears and heads compared to men. So the headphones have been designed in such a way that your cheek-bones won’t feel clamped even after long listening sessions. You can adjust the ear-cups perfectly as per your need. They have also used a leather-like material to cover the ear-cups. I feel that is working quite well with the whole design and is giving the headphones a very premium feel to it. The headphone also comes with a little black leather pouch and can be folded easily, making it very convenient for travel. The fully adjustable headband with double padding is a big plus too as it sits onto your head perfectly and messes your hair much less.
Performance
It has been observed that women have an affinity towards soft sounds and can hear them more accurately. Keeping that in mind, Knockout produces very good quality low frequency sounds. A week with the Knockout made me love my blues even more. Even in very high volume, the sound remains fairly accurate and doesn’t tend to break. There are plenty of audio drivers that produces clear bass. I personally relish the little natural sounds in my music and Skullcandy’s Knockout is perfect for that.
I don’t mind the device’s bass to be on the lower side as that’s how I prefer my music to be. But if you like more bass in your music, this might not be a good choice. The jack is the usual 3.5 mm and notably sturdy. This headphone also supports noise cancellation to some extent. The three-button control also has an in-built microphone. You can very conveniently increase, reduce the volume and pause your music with the in-line controls. I think Skullcandy has taken their research quite seriously and have kept the behavioral differences of how a woman likes her music in mind.
Verdict
Available in the market for Rs 6,999, I would say this is a very good buy if you  have a nose for aesthetics. Apart from its accurate sound quality and noise cancellation feature, its design—sturdy and chic—does make it a wise buy.
Skullcandy says,”Wearing guys’ headphones is like wearing guys’ jeans. Doable but the fit might be off.” So if you are too picky about your music and like to delve into the little details of your music l would suggest you go for it.

Obesity silently damagesheartFor the study, investigators measured the BMIs and cardiac troponin levels of more than 9,500 heart disease-free men and women (Source: Thinkstock Images)
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New York | Posted: November 21, 2014 6:01 pm
 
Obese people without an overt manifestation of heart disease experience silent cardiac damage that fuels risk of heart failure in the future, with new research suggesting that obesity is an independent driver of heart muscle damage.
The findings challenge the commonly held belief that cardiovascular diseases seen in severely overweight people are driven by diabetes and high blood pressure, both well-known cardiac risk factors and both occurring frequently among the obese.
“Obesity is a well-known ‘accomplice’ in the development of heart disease, but our findings suggest it may be a solo player that drives heart failure independently of other risk factors that are often found among those with excess weight,” said Chiadi Ndumele, lead investigator and assistant professor at the Johns Hopkins University in the US.
Specifically, the research showed that obese people had elevated levels of a heart enzyme known as troponin T, released by injured heart muscle cells.
Increases in levels of this enzyme corresponded to an increase in people’s body mass index (BMI) – a measure of body fat based on a person’s weight-to-height ratio. Levels of the enzyme rose proportionally as BMI went up.
Troponin T is the gold standard for diagnosing acute or recent heart attacks and is widely used in emergency rooms to test patients with chest pain and other symptoms suggestive of a heart attack.
For the study, investigators measured the BMIs and cardiac troponin levels of more than 9,500 heart disease-free men and women, aged 53 to 75, living in Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina and Minnesota.
The researchers then tracked the participants’ health for more than 12 years.
The findings appeared online in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology: Heart Failure.

Freed fishermen reunite with familyUpdated: November 21, 2014 18:20 IST
Freed fishermen reunite with family
PTI
Tweet
The five Indian fishermen who escaped the gallows in Sri Lanka following a Presidential pardon, returned home to a rapturous reception by family and friends at Thangachimadam on Friday. Photo: L. Balachandar
After spending three years in a Sri Lankan jail, they returned home to a joyous welcome by relatives and friends at Thangachimadam village in Rameswaram.
Joyous and emotional scenes were witnessed at Thangachimadam village in Rameswaram on Friday where celebrations broke out on the arrival of five fishermen, who had escaped the gallows after spending three years in a Sri Lankan prison, with families and friends greeting them.
The normally sleepy fishing village in Ramanathapuram district wore a festive mood since morning, as it awaited the return of these fishermen.
Celebrations erupted soon after their arrival as they were garlanded, offered sweets and crackers were burst.
It looked as if the entire village, predominantly fishermen families, had gathered for the well-organised reception for them near the Parish Church, where even the school children in their uniforms were seated on the ground facing the stage put up for the occasion.
Emotional moment
Claps and whistles filled the air, when children of these fishermen met their fathers on the stage and sat on their lap after three years.
Tamil Nadu Fisheries Minister K A Jayabal, Sports and Youth Development Minister S Sundarraj, Fisheries Secretary S Vijayakumar and Ramanathapuram MP Anwar Raja were present.
Fishermen and fishing hamlet leaders hugged and offered shawls to the five fishermen, who were visibly tired as they posed for the media.
They had flown from Colombo to Delhi and then to Chennai, from where they arrived here by road.
Fishing community leaders and others acknowledged the efforts of the central and state governments in securing the release of these fishermen. However, none of the state ministers mentioned the diplomatic efforts taken by the Centre and instead credited party chief and former Chief Minister Jayalalithaa.
The fishermen were apprehended in November 2011 and sentenced to death by the Colombo High Court on October 30 for alleged drug trafficking. Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa pardoned them after Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke to him on the issue and took efforts through diplomatic channels, following protests and appeals for their release from political parties in Tamil Nadu.

Contracts worth Rs 149 crores awarded without tenders in MizoramPrint
Written by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: November 21, 2014 6:53 pm
A total of 233 power and electricity contracts/supplies in Mizoram worth a total of Rs 149 crores has been awarded to contractors without floating any tenders over the past six years, according to the reply to an unstarred question in the state assembly on Friday.
Some individual contractors have even worked contracts worth up to Rs 35 crores without tenders for these ever being floated, according to an analysis of the data-sheet attached to the reply by Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla, who holds the P&E portfolio.
Many of the entities in the list worked multiple contracts worth a total of more than a crore Rupees each over several years.
The list attached to the reply covers the years from 2009 till the present.
Responding to Mizo National Front MLA Lalruatkima’s question, Lal Thanhawla said in his written reply that there are two reasons for the awarding of contracts without floating tenders.
“There are some urgent works that need to be done without floating tenders. Sometimes getting government approval takes several months,” Lal Thanhawla said, adding the works are executed on the basis of rates approved for earlier similar works.
The CM added that “due to inflation costs keep escalating, and the rates of goods become higher during the tender process. Therefore if existing rates can be used then it becomes cheaper so supplies/contracts being awarded at existing rates leads to less expenses.”

India Cements pleads against cancellation of CSK franchiseNew Delhi, November 21, 2014
Updated: November 21, 2014 17:20 IST
India Cements pleads against cancellation of CSK franchise
J. Venkatesan
Tweet
The Hindu
File Photo of Gurunath Meiyappan (left) and Mr Rakesh Singh, Joint Director, Marketing, India Cements, at a press conference. Indian cements reiterated its earlier stand that Gurunath Meiyappan was not a ‘team official’.
TOPICS
cricket
India Cements, owners of Chennai Super Kings (CSK) on Friday urged the Supreme Court not to pass any order for cancellation of the Franchise agreement of CSK as it would have serious consequences not only for CSK but for the entire IPL.
In its response to the Justice Mudgal committee report, India Cements said, “other than what has been mentioned about Gurunath Meiyappan, there are no adverse inferences that can be drawn against the CSK, or its owners and its employees.”
It said that an unfortunate attempt was sought to be made to paint this respondent with the same brush as any other person with allegations of infractions such as betting/match fixing against them. It said the legacy built by India Cements for over five decades was attempted to be reduced to nothing by the Cricket Association of Bihar’s (petitioner) unsubstantiated and baseless allegations.
It said “India Cements is entitled to due process both under the Operational Rules and the Franchise agreement. If any orders are passed against this respondent it could have disastrous consequences not only for India Cements but also for the IPL, cricketers, sponsors, apart from million of its fans, CSK being arguably the most valuable and most popular team in the IPL.”
On the panel’s finding that Mr. Gurunath Meiyappan was a ‘team official’ of CSK, Indian cements reiterated its earlier stand that he was not a ‘team official’. It said, “Mr. Gurunath Meiyappan is neither a shareholder, nor a Director nor an employee and has not drawn any salary, honorarium or compensation of any kind from CSK or from India Cements.”
It said “the material on the basis of which the probe committee has arrived at a finding that he was a ‘team official’ has not been discussed in the report or disclosed to India Cements. The material on the basis of which such a finding has been arrived ought to be provided to India Cements to enable it to deal with the same if and when necessitated.”
It said, “assuming without admitting that Mr. Gurunath Meiyappan was a ‘team official’ of CSK, the demands made by the petitioner for disenfranchising the team for violation of Clause 11.3 of the Franchise agreement is wholly misplaced since that provision only deals with acts by the Franchisee itself or its owner.”
It said during the course of investigation one of the allegations that was gone into was whether CSK had brought the game to disrepute in respect of one of the matches played against another Franchise and this allegation had been disproved since no finding had been given in the conclusions.
Further it said on March 28, the court had restrained the employees of India Cements from performing duties assigned to them by the BCCI. Now that there was no adverse finding against India cements or its employees, it was just and proper that such employees be permitted to discharge their duties if any assigned to them by the BCCI.

What the week has in store for youShare 0
Aries ( 21st March to 20th April ) :  This week you are likely to be made to work very hard by your seniors, and you shall have to do it whether you like it or not, as you have no choice at least right now, predicts Ganesha. Circumstances this week are really going to test your patience. Both personal and professional relationships are going to be of vital importance, and you shall have to make sure you keep people on both sides in good humour. At times you may regret the fact that of late your foul temper has cost you a great deal, both in terms of relationships and financially, so Ganesha advises you that at least from now on try to keep your temper in check, and refrain from speaking in a brash manner. At any rate, there's no point in crying over spilt milk. As Venus is debilitated, you may not be very happy with your romantic and financial situation.
Taurus ( 21st April to 21st May ) : Apart from working hard, which you do anyway, this week you shall have to so some smart work, too, says Ganesha. Because of Mercury's position in Libra, you must use all your shrewdness to succeed in your endeavours. This week you shall have to make good use of your contacts to get some of your important tasks done. Your professional progress is likely to stagnant for a while. On the financial front, there are chances of incurring debts or taking loans to actualise your plans. Ganesha feels that you need to take things positively and as a part of a learning process, rather than taking anything (specifically your financial condition) negatively. This week you shall need to take good care of your health as your Sign Lord Venus is debilitated, which could make you vulnerable to infectious diseases.
Gemini ( 22nd May to 21st June ) : Ganesha predicts that this week you shall be able to improve your social and professional image. You shall be helpful to others, and at the same time you shall be full of gratitude towards those who help you with your problems. For students, this is not a very good week. As your Sign Lord is placed with North Node, you are likely to be very shrewd at your workplace. Without letting others know your intention, you shall manage to get work out of them, perhaps by paying them a timely (and convenient) compliment. You shall drop some old ideas in favour of new ones. Ganesha advises you to be very careful while committing anything to others because your positivity could make you commit too much. Love life is likely to be dry. There are chances of misunderstandings and there will surely be a lack of warmth.
Cancer ( 22nd June to 22nd July ) : Ganesha predicts that this week is all about relationships and maintaining a good rapport with everyone around you, whether they are your seniors or juniors. You shall even go out of your way to help others, with the intention to stay in their good books. Though there may be nothing lofty in your helping others, you shall be doing it as it gives you some satisfaction, and somewhere deep in your heart there might be this selfish feeling, too, that you may need their help sometime in the future. This is a very good week for undertaking short journeys. If you are living in a rented house, you may have to shift to another one. All the hassles of staying in a rented house may force you to think about buying your own house, but this week is not auspicious for it. Children may give you some cause for anxiety.
Leo ( 23rd July to 22nd August ) : This week is very favourable for those of you who are involved either as students or professionals in the engineering field, predicts Ganesha. As a professional, your communication skills shall peak, which shall be of great help in solving tricky problems, as well as cracking new deals if you are in business. With the stars in your favour, this week you shall have lots of gains, whether you have worked hard for them or not. This is very likely to make you lazy, and you could start taking your luck for granted, something that Ganesha strictly warns you against. Thank the Almighty for your good fortune, but start working hard. This is a very good time for purchasing an old property or vehicle; get it repaired or renovated, and start using it. This week you may have some problems related to eyesight or mouth.
Virgo ( 23rd August to 22nd September ) : Ganesha advises you not to become too arrogant or even over-confident at work this week, which as a matter of fact, shall be dominated more by your personal affairs than work. Venus is transiting through your Sign, which is a good indication, though it could create loyalty issues in your personal relationships. You could become fickle-minded, or you may try to take undue advantage of someone's weakness or helplessness. You shall be seeking warmth in your personal relationships but may become ruthless towards others. As for your love life, you may not be able to handle it with the delicacy it calls for. This week you shall spend money lavishly on entertainment and leisure activities, and also on clothes. This is a good week for long-term investments, so if you do buy stocks, do it with this in view.
Libra ( 23rd September to 22nd October ) : Your view of circumstances, based on your logical analysis, is likely to turn out to be wrong, foretells Ganesha. You would do well, therefore, to accept things as they come instead of analysing them threadbare, and trying to steer them in your favour. This very much includes financial matters. Venus, your Sign Lord is debilitated, so your health may not be in a very good shape. Problems related to liver are likely. Your metabolism may not be up to the mark, says Ganesha. During this week you shall have to take some drastic steps to improve your finances, but only after taking expert guidance. You also need to inculcate the habit of saving money. In married life, you may feel that you are at a stage where if you don't compromise, the family unit may crack apart.
Scorpio ( 23rd October to 22nd November ) : Ganesha foresees that though you shall experience success in your career, you may not be able to bask in its glory due to some problem or the other in some other area of life. Your energy levels shall go up and down like a yo-yo, so that you may be gripped by inertia on one day, and on the next you may be raring to fire on all cylinders. If you happen to be embroiled in litigation, Ganesha advises you to be extra careful. If possible, try to settle things amicably out of court; it will save you time and resources. You could be very impressionable this week, perhaps owing to your lack of self-confidence, so Ganesha advises you to seek the guidance of someone elderly. Don't get carried away by what others are saying. You shall develop new friendships, but they are unlikely to last for too long.
Sagittarius ( 23rd November to 21st December ) : You are likely to experience a lot of mental stress in your job this week, foretells Ganesha. You may be asked to think out of the box and come up with novel ideas to spice things up, which you may feel is a bit difficult, but since you have no other choice, you shall have to come up with something. Business could fluctuate wildly as Mercury is not very well placed. Profits that you were heavily banking on, may suddenly appear to be illusory. On the personal side, you shall take good care of your loved ones, providing them with all sorts of facilities, and even luxuries. You shall get a high level of satisfaction and even inner peace by gratifying the desires of your loved ones.
Capricorn ( 22nd December to 20th January ) : Ganesha predicts that this week you shall get fed up of handling all the heavy workload in your office with the help of a skeletal staff. The fact is your company may be in a financially tight position and may neither be able to recruit extra staff nor provide you with all the facilities you need to accomplish the organisational goals. Since you are a conscientious worker, you shall not wish to compromise with deadlines, but with the resources at your disposal, you may have no alternative, but to extend your deadlines, or the pressure may become back-breaking, warns Ganesha. However, you shall derive great work satisfaction, and also see to it that people working close to you feel the same. In this tough week, you will be lucky if you could squeeze out even a few minutes for a tête-à-tête with your beloved.
Aquarius ( 21st January to 18th February ) : Ganesha advises you to draw the blueprints for the future of your business or career this week. As of now things are progressing smoothly and you are working sincerely, but the workload may be somewhat on the heavier side, and at times the pressure may tell on you, mentally and physically. However, since you have other things to do, such as recreational activities after going back home in the evenings, things shall get balanced out. The key is to get yourself enough rest regularly. Those studying abroad (far from their place of birth or motherland) may face some problems. During this week important business meetings may take place. Your status in your organization may grow. However, this doesn't assure a hike in salary. Ganesha feels that this week you shall feel very passionate, and shall grab every opportunity to get intimate with your beloved.
Pisces ( 19th February to 20th March ) : Ganesha predicts that you shall find it very difficult to take decisions this week, both regarding your personal and professional lives. Try to avoid taking decisions when you are confused or do not have all the facts at your disposal. If you have been assigned some tasks by your boss, you may be confused as to how to go about accomplishing them. You may not be able to proceed in the right direction and may need someone's guidance to handle things properly. On the relationship front, there shall be some inhibitions preventing you from expressing yourself fully and truthfully. This week can be very romantic for married couples. Ganesha feels that your creativity will be at a low ebb during this week, so you shall not be able to enjoy this phase fully.
NEWS YOU MAY LIKE

Tesla Delays Launch of Model X SUV to Next Summer
Modi expands cabinet  unhappy Shiv Sena recalls its nomineeMarred by Sena boycott, Modi inducts 21 faces in ministry expansion
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Sun 9 Nov, 2014
Print
New Delhi: Marred by a Shiv Sena's boycott, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Sunday expanded his union council of ministers, inducting 21 new faces, including four with cabinet rank, giving wide representation to several northern and central states and keeping the age limit well under 68.
The much-anticipated first ministry expansion was marred with ally Shiv Sena calling off participation in the government at the last minute - exacerbating their already strained ties.
Former Shiv Sena leader Suresh Prabhu was sworn-in as a cabinet minister. Prabhu, who is the prime minister's interlocutor for the G20, has joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and is expected to become a Rajya Sabha member.
The Sena at the last minute recalled Anil Desai, who it had nominated for induction in the union ministry. According to reports, Desai arrived in Delhi for the oath-taking ceremony but was ordered to return. The growing bitterness could have further ramifications in Maharashtra, where the two former long-time allies have failed to reach an agreement over government formation.
This also puts a question mark on the continuance of lone Shiv Sena representative Anant Geete in the Modi ministry. Geeta is cabinet minister for heavy industries and public enterprises.
With the new induction, Modi's 45-member ministry now totals 66. He inducted four cabinet ministers, three ministers of state with independent charge, and 14 ministers of state (MoS).
Former Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar, who is widely tipped to get the defence portfolio, was the first to take oath at the Durbar Hall of Rashtrapati Bhavan.
BJP general secretary J.P. Nadda, who is known to be close to Modi and party chief Amit Shah, and Birender Singh, who left the Congress ahead of the recent Haryana assembly elections to join the BJP, were administered oath as cabinet ministers by President Pranab Mukherjee.
Modi also brought into his ministry the party's known Muslim face in Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, adding to Najma Heptullah, who is minority affairs minister. Naqvi is an MoS.
He also added to the representation of women by inducting Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, BJP MP from Fatehpur in Uttar Pradesh, taking the number to eight.
Giriraj Singh, 61, who courted controversy with his comment while campaigning for the national elections that "those who oppose Narendra Modi should go to Pakistan" and was also booked for the hate speech, also got a place as minister of state.
The new ministry has most people in their 50s, with the oldest being Bandaru Dattatreya, MoS independent charge, at 68.
The youngest is well-known singer Babul Supriyo, the only face in the ministry from West Bengal. The Asansol MP, who was inducted as MoS, is 43, while Olympian shooter Col. Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore is 44.
The only National Democratic Alliance (NDA) ally to get a berth in Sunday's expansion was Telugu Desam Party (TDP) Rajya Sabha MP, Y.S. Chowdary as an MoS.
Among those who were widely tipped to get a berth and were inducted are Rajiv Pratap Rudy, MoS independent charge, Ram Kirpal Yadav, a former Lalu Prasad aide who quit the Rashtriya Janata Dal, Jayant Sinha, son of BJP veteran Yashwant Sinha, and Vijay Sampla, BJP Hoshiarpur MP.
Sinha's entry into the government marks the coming in of the second generation of BJP politicians. The IIT-Delhi and Harvard-educated Hazaribagh MP is an investment fund manager and management consultant. His entry is likely to give a fillip to the BJP's chances in Jharkhand which goes to the polls in November-December.
Another new face is Hansraj Ahir, BJP MP from Maharashtra. Ahir is well-known for having unearthed the coal mining scam. He took oath as an MoS.
The states to get wide representation are Maharashtra, where the BJP has formed government for the first time, with two ministers -- Suresh Prabhu and Ahir, adding to the prominent names already in the cabinet, including Nitin Gadkari and Prakash Javadekar.
In Haryana, where it won in the recent assembly elections and formed the government, has a new minister in Birender Singh.
Keeping in mind the forthcoming elections in Bihar, the council has three new faces from the state - Rajiv Pratap Rudy, Ram Kirpal Yadav and Giriraj Singh. Union ministers Ram Vilas Paswan and Ravi Shankar Prasad are from Bihar.
Uttar Pradesh got the largest representation, with four new faces -- Mahesh Sharma, a doctor who owns Kailash Hospital and is an MP from Gautam Buddh Nagar (Noida); Naqvi, who is a Rajya Sabha member; Ram Shankar Katheria, Agra MP; and Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti.
Gujarat, where Modi was thw chief minister for three terms, got two new faces in Haribhai Parthibhai Chaudhary, and Mohanbhai Kalyanjibhai Kundarya.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi: Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions; Department of Atomic Energy Department of Space; All important policy issues and all other portfolios not allocated to any Minister.
CABINET MINISTERS
1. Rajnath Singh: Home Affairs
2. Sushma Swaraj: External Affairs, Overseas Indian Affairs
3. Arun Jaitley: Finance, Corporate Affairs, Information & Broadcasting
4. M. Venkaiah Naidu: Urban Development, Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation, Parliamentary Affairs
5. Nitin Jairam Gadkari: Road Transport and Highways, Shipping
6. Manohar Parrikar: Defence
8. D.V. Sadananda Gowda: Law & Justice
9. Su Uma Bharati: Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation
10. Dr. Najma A. Heptulla: Minority Affairs
11. Ramvilas Paswan: Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution
12. Kalraj Mishra: Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
13. Maneka Sanjay Gandhi: Women and Child Development
14. Ananthkumar: Chemicals and Fertilizers
15. Ravi Shankar Prasad: Communications and Information Technology
16. Jagat Prakash Nadda: Health & Family Welfare
17. Ashok Gajapathi Raju Pusapati: Civil Aviation
18. Anant Geete: Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises
19. Harsimrat Kaur Badal: Food Processing Industries
20. Narendra Singh Tomar: Mines, Steel
21. Chaudhary Birender Singh: Rural Development, Panchayati Raj, Drinking Water and Sanitation
22. Jual Oram: Tribal Affairs
23. Radha Mohan Singh: Agriculture
24. Thaawar Chand Gehlot: Social Justice and Empowerment
25. Smriti Zubin Irani: Human Resource Development
26. Dr. Harsh Vardhan: Science and Technology, Earth Sciences
MINISTERS OF STATE
27. General V.K. Singh: Statistics and Programme Implementation (Independent Charge), External Affairs, Overseas Indian Affairs
28. Inderjit Singh Rao: Planning (Independent Charge), Defence
29. Santosh Kumar Gangwar: Textiles (Independent Charge)
30. Bandaru Dattatreya: Labour and Employment (Independent Charge)
31. Rajiv Pratap Rudy: Skill Development & Entrepreneurship (Independent Charge), Parliamentary Affairs
32. Shripad Yesso Naik: AAYUSH (Independent Charge), Health & Family Welfare
33. Dharmendra Pradhan: Petroleum and Natural Gas (Independent Charge)
34. Sarbananda Sonowal: Youth Affairs and Sports (Independent Charge)
35. Prakash Javadekar: Environment, Forest and Climate Change (Independent Charge)
36. Piyush Goyal: Power (Independent Charge), Coal (Independent Charge), New and Renewable Energy (Independent Charge)
37. Dr. Jitendra Singh: Development of North Eastern Region (Independent Charge), Prime Minister’s Office, Personnel, Public Grievances & Pensions, Department of Atomic Energy, Department of Space
38. Nirmala Sitharaman: Commerce and Industry (Independent Charge)
39. Dr. Mahesh Sharma: Culture (Independent Charge), Tourism (Independent Charge), Civil Aviation
40. Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi: Minority Affairs, Parliamentary Affairs
41. Ram Kripal Yadav: Drinking Water & Sanitation
42. Haribhai Parthibhai Chaudhary: Home Affairs
43. Sanwar Lal Jat: Water Resources, River Development & Ganga Rejuvenation
44. Mohanbhai Kalyanjibhai Kundariya: Agriculture
45. Giriraj Singh: Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises
46. Hansraj Gangaram Ahir: Chemicals & Fertilizers
47. G.M. Siddeshwara: Heavy Industries & Public Enterprises
48. Manoj Sinha: Railways
50. Upendra Kushwaha: Human Resource Development
51. Radhakrishnan P.: Road Transport & Highways, Shipping
52. Kiren Rijiju: Home Affairs
53. Krishan Pal: Social Justice & Empowerment
54. Dr. Sanjeev Kumar Balyan: Agriculture
55. Manuskhbhai Dhanjibhai Vasava: Tribal Affairs
56. Raosaheb Dadarao Danve: Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution
57. Vishnu Deo Sai: Mines, Steel
58. Sudarshan Bhagat: Rural Development
59. Prof. (Dr.) Ram Shankar Katheria: Human Resource Development
60. Y.S. Chowdary: Science and Technology, Earth Science
61. Jayant Sinha: Finance
62. Col. Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore: Information & Broadcasting
63. Babul Supria (Babul Supriyo) Baral: Urban Development, Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation
64. Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti: Food Processing Industries
65. Vijay Sampla: Social Justice & Empowerment
Recommend

5 most annoying guests at an Indian wedding5 annoying types of wedding guests
by clipko 2:23 mins
A big fat Indian wedding is never complete without some annoying guests.
Link

Sunny Leone at Rohit Verma s birthday partyCelebrity
Sunny Leone Attends Rohit Verma’s Birthday Bash
On November 07,2014, the fashion designer and ex Bigg Boss contestant Rohit Verma threw a grand birthday bash in Mumbai. Sunny Leone attended his birthday along with her husband Daniel Weber. Poonam Dhillion, Sara Khan, Raju Srivastav,Vindu Dara Singh also attended the birthday celebrations.
You might also like:
Sat 8 Nov, 2014 1:26 PM IST
Latest Galleries
Prev Next
Rohit Verma’s birthday attire was one in a million, totally fresh and different. The crown made him look a real birthday diva. He totally rocked the look with his inevitable charm and persona and justified the ‘Birthday Diva’ tag.
Rohit Verma’s birthday attire was one in a million, totally fresh and different. The crown made him look a real birthday diva. He totally rocked the look with his inevitable charm and persona and justified the ‘Birthday Diva’ tag.
Recommend

Guess who has the most ODI runs in 2014Tweet
0
Mathews bats against India in Ahmedabad.87 Number of ODI fifties for Kumar Sangakkara , including his score of 61 in this game. Only Sachin Tendulkar , with 96 fifties, has more. Jacques Kallis and Sangakkara were tied in second place prior to this game, with 86 fifties each.
40 Number of times R Ashwin has taken two or three wickets in an ODI innings. Among bowlers without a single four-wicket haul, Ashwin has the most such hauls. He returned figures of 2-49 from his ten overs in this game.
838 Number of ODI runs for Angelo Mathews in 2014, more than any other batsman. Sangakkara, with 802, is the only other batsman to have scored more than 800.
23 Number of fifties for Mathews in ODI cricket. Among batsmen who don't have an ODI century, his tally is the third highest. Misbah-ul-Haq tops the table with 37 fifties, while New Zealand's Andrew Jones has 25. Mathews scored 92 in this game, just short of his ODI best of 93, against Pakistan in Hambantota, in 2014.
18 Runs conceded by Ashwin in the 10th over of Sri Lanka's innings - the most runs he has conceded in a single over in ODI cricket. He conceded as many in the 36th over of an ODI innings against England in Kochi, in January 2013.
12 Number of times since 2001 that Sri Lanka have lost a wicket in the first over of their innings in an ODI against India. It has not happened to Sri Lanka more often against any other team. Sri Lanka lost Kusal Perera in the first over this game.
1 Number of times since October 2009 that a player batting at No. 10 or below scored at least twice as many runs as his partner during a partnership of 50 runs or more. Dhammika Prasad and Mathews posted 54 runs for the ninth wicket, with Prasad contributing 30 and Mathews just 15.
121 Runs scored by Ambati Rayudu today, his maiden ODI hundred. It was the 15th ODI hundred by an Indian No. 3 since January 2010, with the previous 14 being scored by Virat Kohli .
8 Number of times India have successfully achieved a target of 275 or more against Sri Lanka, more than against any other team. They have done it six times against Pakistan, the next best.
4 Number of times India's second and third wickets have both posted 100-plus partnerships in an ODI innings. The most recent was against Pakistan in Dhaka in 2012. In this game, Shikhar Dhawan and Rayudu put on 122 runs for the second wicket, while Rayudu and Virat Kohli posted 116 for the third.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

No PAN requirement for investment in Kisan Vikas PatraNo PAN requirement for investment in Kisan Vikas Patra
Shishir Sinha
Tweet
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and Communications and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad at the launch of revamped Kisan Vikas Patra in New Delhi on Tuesday. Kamal Narang
Kamal Narang Arun Jaitley, Finance Minister, launching the Kisan Vikas Patra along with Ravi Shankar Prasad (right), Union Minister for Communications and IT, and Rajiv Mehrishi, Secretary, Finance, in New Delhi on November 18, 2014.
KVP was a popular saving scheme that doubled the money invested in eight years and seven months
Investment in KVP will double in 8 years and 4 months
New Delhi, November 18:  
The Finance Ministry has said that there will not be requirement of Permanent Account Number or PAN in puttig money in relaunched Kisan Vikas Patra. There will also not be any upper limit on investment.
The Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and Communication Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad relaunched KVP on Tuesday. The scheme aims to boost saving and use them for long term capital requirement. "This will be a bearer instrument just like currency and easy to encash," he said.
In view of the popular demand and to revitalize Small Savings, the Finance Minister in his Budget Speech announced that KVP a very popular instrument among small savers will be reintroduced. The instrument will encourage people, who may have banked and unbanked savings to invest”. KYC norms regarding all National Savings Schemes (NSS) are now applicable in post offices and banks w.e.f. January, 2012.
It will be available to the investors in the denomination of Rs. 1000, Rs 5,000, Rs 10,000 and Rs 50,000, with no upper ceiling on investment. The certificates can be issued in single or joint names and can be transferred from one person to any other person / persons, multiple times. The facility of transfer from one post office to another anywhere in India and of nomination will be available. The certificate can also be pledged as security to avail loans from the banks and in other case where security is required to be deposited.
Initially the certificates will be sold through post offices, but the same will soon be made available to the investing public through designated branches of nationalised banks. An investor can encash his certificates after the lock-in period of 2 years and 6 months and thereafter in any block of six months on pre-determined maturity value. The investment made in the certificate will double in 100 months.
The scheme will also safeguard small investors from fraudulent schemes. With a maturity period of 8 years 4 months, the collections under the scheme will be available with the Government for a fairly long period to be utilized in financing developmental plans of the Centre and State Governments and will also help in enhancing domestic household financial savings.
Earlier, it was launched by the Government on April 1, 1988. The scheme provided facility of unlimited investment by way of purchase of certificates from post offices in various denominations. The maturity period of the scheme when launched was 5 ½ years and the money invested doubled on maturity.
The scheme was very popular among the investors and the percentage share of gross collections secured in KVP was in the range of 9 per cent to 29 per cent against the total collections received under all National Savings Schemes in the country.
Gross collections under the scheme in the year 2010-11 were Rs. 21,631.16 crore which was 9 per cent of the total gross collections during the year. In the year of its closure, the scheme secured gross collections of Rs 7,575.95 crore (April 2011 to November 2011).
(This article was published on November 18, 2014)
Related

Buy OnMobile With Target of Rs 81: IndiaNiveshYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Buy OnMobile With Target of Rs 81: IndiaNivesh
Published On:                  November 18, 2014                 | Duration: 22 min, 52 sec

Wall Street s Lack Of Diversity Is Putting Us At Risk Of Another Crisisreddit
Now there's another reason to make Wall Street more diverse -- doing so can help prevent dangerous financial bubbles.
Non-diverse groups of traders -- like what you'll find at most Wall Street banks , where the traders are mostly white and male -- are more likely than diverse groups to cause bubbles in financial markets, according to a paper published Monday by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
"Traders in ethnically homogeneous markets are significantly less accurate, and thus more likely to cause price bubbles," the report states, pointing out that "pricing accuracy is 58 percent higher in diverse markets."
Generally, a financial bubble develops when stocks, bonds, or other financial assets are overvalued -- their prices are much, much higher than what the assets are actually worth. When that bubble eventually bursts, prices drop dramatically, and people lose lots of money. This can trigger widespread financial panic and even recessions.
While it's hard to determine the exact causes of a bubble, the six researchers who co-authored the study set out to prove what social factors affect the likelihood that a bubble will form. In separate experiments in Southeast Asia and North America, they created two types of groups: homogenous groups of traders, made up only of people of each region's dominant ethnicity, and diverse groups, which contained at least one ethnic minority. The groups of traders were then given cash and stocks and traded with each other.
The chart below shows the big differences in how accurately each group priced its stocks. The diverse markets are the top left and bottom left bars, and the homogenous markets are the top right and bottom right bars. Higher bars represent more-accurate prices.
The researchers suggest that, in the homogenous markets, traders were more likely to overprice assets because they were more likely to agree with each other about prices, even when those prices were out of line. In diverse markets, there is inherently more social friction, so traders are less likely to conform, and therefore more likely to question prices and land on more accurate ones.
"The presence of more than one ethnicity fosters greater scrutiny and more deliberate thinking, which can lead to better outcomes," the paper states.
The study focused only on ethnic diversity, but a lack of gender diversity is a problem in finance, too. Past studies have shown that men tend to be more overconfident and less risk-averse than women, which typically translates into worse performance in the stock market.
Wall Street has long had a diversity problem. In 2011, 81 percent of managers in the financial industry were white and 55 percent were men, according to a 2013 study by the Government Accountability Office, which showed that diversity had not improved much since 1993. In firms that focused on trading, roughly 80 percent of all workers were white and more than 60 percent were male, according to the GAO study.
The Wall Street reform law that passed in 2010 made an effort to encourage banks to hire more minorities, but there's little evidence that the industry has diversified much . Nearly 78 percent of new bankers this year were male, according to a recent study by recruiting firm Vettery. Sixty-five percent were white, and only 6 percent were black or Hispanic.
More:

Jaitley asks PSU banks to support pending projectsNew Delhi, November 20, 2014
Updated: November 21, 2014 17:46 IST
Jaitley asks PSU banks to support pending projects
Special Correspondent
Tweet
Union Minister for Finance, Arun Jaitley (left), along with Dr. Hasmukh Adhia (2nd from left), Secretary, Department of Financial Services (DFS), Ministry of Finance, during a meeting with the CMDs/CEOs of Public Sector Banks (PSBs) and Financial Institutions (FIs), in New Delhi on November 20, 2014. Photo: Kamal Narang
TOPICS
banking
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has asked public sector banks to bring down their Non Performing Assets (NPAs). The ratio of gross NPAs to gross advances was up to 5.32 per cent at the end of September as against 4.82 per cent on September-end 2013.
The Finance Minister has also asked these banks to take steps for increasing the flow of credit to various sectors of the economy. He said he expected credit growth to pick-up as large number of projects were queuing up for loans. According to Reserve Bank data, credit growth fell to single-digit figures this fiscal.
Mr. Jaitley was addressing the quarterly review meeting of the heads of public sector banks and financial institutions and the meeting of the Steering Committee of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna (PMJDY) here on Thursday.
The Finance Minister also said that the Government has taken steps to streamline the process of appointment of chief executive officers and executive directors of public sector banks with the aim of introducing objectivity in the process. He said that any external influence would be considered as a disqualification.
The Steering Committee review of the performance of the PMJDY noted that 20 per cent households remain uncovered across districts. The banks said they would cover these remaining households in sweep mode and also make special efforts to cover the uncovered households in 33 districts where the percentage of coverage is less than 50 per cent. It has been reported that out of 7.46 new accounts opened so far, nearly 75 per cent hold zero balance.
To make the country direct benefits transfers-ready, the committee asked the banks to increase the seeding of Aadhaar number in the accounts and be ready for rolling out the scheme in all the districts from 1st January, 2015.

Everstone  Solmark pick up majority stake in Servion Global SolutionsUpdated: November 21, 2014 01:36 IST
Everstone, Solmark pick up majority stake in Servion Global Solutions
Special Correspondent
merger, acquisition and takeover
The existing management team continues as is and there will be no change whatsoever in the firm’s strategy or culture.
Private equity firm Everstone Capital and U.S.-based Solmark have together acquired majority stake in city-based Servion Global Solutions Ltd., a customer interaction management solutions provider, for Rs.403 core ($66 million).
The quantum of stake acquired by Everstone and Solmark was not disclosed.
The investment in Servion was through Evertech Pte Ltd., the Everstone Group’s technology investing platform.
The acquisition provided exit route to most of the existing financial investors and non-working promoters, Everstone said in a statement. However, it did not identify the existing investors.
 “Everstone, a PE fund has made a secondary purchase. Some of the existing investors and a part of the original founding-team, who remained invested for a long time, were looking for an exit. Flordia Capital, Basil and associates are existing investors who are exiting,” a company official said. The existing management team would continue, the official said. There would be no change whatsoever in the firm’s strategy or culture, the official added  The company had revenue of over Rs.350 crore in 2014 and footprint in over 60 countries, a release said.
Aggressive growth plans
“The firm has aggressive growth plans and expects its revenue to reach over Rs.1,000 crore in the next few years. We are investing in areas that enhance our positioning and value proposition. Some of these areas are: cloud, analytics and our intelligent self-service platform ServIntuit,” the official said.
In the wake the share buying, Prateek Dhawan, Managing Director, Everstone and Puneet Pushkarna, General Partner, Solmark will be joining the board of Servion.
“Combining efforts with our long standing friends and partners at Solmark will enable us to propel the company’s growth to the next level,” Mr. Dhawan said in a statement. Avendus Capital acted as adviser to the transaction.
In 2005, Servion's promoters bought out the 37 per cent of stake of Citicorp in the company. Consequently, their shareholding increased to nearly 90 per cent. Employees and Templeton held the rest of the holdings. Later on, Servion raised funds from private equity investors.

Cashkaro to ride on e-commerce boomThe firm has driven sales of Rs.100 crore for its partners in the last 15 months
Rebates website Cashkaro.com is planning to ride on the current Indian e-commerce boom for its growth.
Cashkaro offers cash rebates to customers who buy products from the website’s retail partners.
The firm currently has 500 partner e-commerce sites, including Amazon.in, Flipkart, Myntra and Jabong, among others.
“The recent purchase of U.S. rebate site Ebates by Japan’s Rakuten for $1 billion has opened up avenues for ventures like us,” said
Rohan Bhargava, Co-Founder, CashKaro.com.
According to him, the extra cash back, apart from the coupons, is the firm’s unique selling point versus other discount and coupon sites.
For sales driven from the site to e-commerce firms, it gets a commission.  If it gets commission of 15 per cent, it passes on 10 per cent as extra cash back to customers.
“As a concept, this is global. In the U.S., rebate sites have been driving massive amount of sales to e-commerce in the last 14 years. In India, still it is in early stages,” said Mr. Bhargava.
The firm has driven sales of Rs.100 crore for its partners in the last 15 months, and has delivered cash back of Rs.3 crore to customers.
Mr. Bhargava noted that the three-fourth of the sales came in the last six months.
“E-commerce firms love us because we are a performance-driven market channel. If they spend Rs.10-20 crore on a TV campaign, it does not guarantee them a sale. If some one gives me Rs.2 crore in commission, I am sure of driving Rs.20 crore in sales for them,” he added.
He noted that Amazon had increased its commission to 50 per cent on Saturdays and Sundays, ahead of Flipkart’s Big Billion Day sale and On the Big Billion Day, the firm had doubled the commission to take on Flipkart and drive traffic to Amazon’s site.
Affiliates like Cashkaro drove 15 per cent of e-commerce sales, said Mr. Bhargava.
Cashkaro site sees average order value of Rs.2,500 per day and number of transactions per day of Rs.1,500.

BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI / AFP - Getty Images file
Cracking the case of Jay Gruden and the mysterious Walnuts folderBy Scott Allen November 20 Follow @ScottSAllen
(Via YouTube)
There were some technical issues with the digital backdrop behind the podium during Jay Gruden’s Thursday press conference at Redskins Park, which created a mildly amusing visual.
While Gruden was answering a question about San Francisco rookie linebacker Chris Borland, the screen depicting Harris Teeter logos and Redskins helmets switched to a desktop view, revealing folders titled VHC, Press Conf., Kerrigan and Walnuts.
(Via YouTube)
Yep, Walnuts.
(Via YouTube)
Inquiring minds wanted to know: What’s the deal with the Walnuts folder? Is it the code word for Gruden’s top-secret plan to return Robert Griffin III to his rookie self? Redskins senior writer and editor Andrew Walker provided an answer.
— Andrew Walker (@AWalkerRedskins) November 20, 2014
In August, the Redskins charitable foundation hosted a $100,000 grant presentation on behalf of the Smashing Walnuts Foundation , which was created to raise money and awareness for finding a cure for childhood brain cancer. The foundation was started by the family of 10-year-old Gabriella Miller after she had an inoperable, walnut-sized brain tumor diagnosed.
So, there you go.
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

Mag Mile is 8th most expensive retail corridor1
North Michigan Avenue prime retail rents were $485 per square foot in September, according to the report from brokerage Cushman and Wakefield, which puts out an annual ranking of the world's priciest retail streets. While it's the priciest retail real estate in Chicago — the only other two Chicago streets listed were Oak Street, at $315 per square foot, and State Street, at $150 per square foot — it offers a relative bargain compared with New York.
Rents on New York's Upper Fifth Avenue grew 13 percent from the prior September to reach $3,500 per square foot, claiming the title of world's costliest retail destination from Hong Kong's Causeway Bay, which saw its rents fall.
Four New York shopping streets — Upper Fifth Avenue, Lower Fifth Avenue, Madison Avenue and Times Square — topped off the list of expensive U.S. streets. They were followed by Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills ($675, up 13.4 percent), Union Square in San Francisco ($650, up 30 percent) and San Francisco's Post Street ($495, up 16.5 percent).
The Americas showed the strongest regional growth in the world, with prime rents increasing 5.8 percent, thanks mostly to Mexico and the U.S., according to the report. Globally, prime retail rents grew by an average of 2.4 percent.

Media Interview Survival Tipsreddit
So you have distributed your media release or sent your pitch to a journalist and now you have had some interest from journalists - and a couple of them have called you for an interview. What do you do?
The most important thing to remember is a media interview is an opportunity for you to get your messages to your audience. You are in control of the interview.
The First Step
It is important not to respond to any questions on the initial call. To maximize the opportunity, you first will need to organize your messages.
Ask the journalist what information they are looking for and the format of the interview (if it is over the phone, one-on-one, live or prerecorded).  All journalists work to a deadline, so find out what their deadline is and set a time to call them back. Make sure you call them at the agreed time.
You can't ask to see the questions or the story in advance. Remember you cannot change your quotes or edit the story after the interview. More often than not, the journalist will be interviewing other people to ensure the story has a balanced view, so do not expect to be the only person interviewed or quoted.
Setting Your Agenda
Before you undertake the interview you will need to write out a game plan. The game plan covers key issues, possible questions about the key issues and the answers for each possible question. It is important to write these out - don't do it from memory. If you are doing a phone interview, have the plan and media release in front you for easy reference.
Develop Compelling Messages
What are the critical messages that you want to communicate? Key messages are the core messages you want your audience to hear and remember. They create meaning, headline the issue and allow you to control the interview.
Your key messages are what you must say and get across in the interview - irrespective of what questions the journalist asks.
With your audience in mind, and focused on your objectives, you should work out in advance of the interview what you must say on the topic concerned.
Understand the Journalist's Role
The journalist's role is not to try to catch you out, but to establish the facts and report on them objectively. If you focus is on waiting for them to ask a tricky question, you will not be in control of the interview.
Journalists are looking for the truth. If you try to get a story by making claims that cannot be substantiated, it will not lead to a story. The article will not be published and they will certainly never ask you for an interview again.
Ensure any information such as statistics you provide the journalist can be substantiated.
Know the Real Audience and Objective
Try to develop an understanding of the audience the journalist will be writing for so you can set your agenda accordingly. It is worth looking up the journalist's publication on the internet or buying a copy. If you have time, read some articles they have written so you can understand their style.
Practice, Practice, Practice
After your preparation, you should review your game plan and do a practice interview. Close the door to your office, take the phone of the hook and spend 10 minutes going over your key messages and answering the questions from your game plan. Remember this is your opportunity to get your messages to your audience, so make full use of it.
About the Author
Catriona Pollard is the author of 'From Unknown To Expert', a step by step framework designed to help entrepreneurs develop effective PR and social media strategies to become recognised as thought leaders and influencers in their field. www.UnknownToExpert.com . Catriona is also the director of CP Communications, which merges traditional PR tactics with cutting-edge social media strategies that engage consumers as well as business.

Osborne drops challenge to bank bonus capOsborne gives up on challenge to bank bonus cap
Alex Barker in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/12d1ba3a-7094-11e4-9129-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Armed with investment from Ratan Tata  Urban Ladder  acqui-hires  BuynBragFrench ban lands a body blow on GVK Bio's clinical trial business
Online home furnishing firm Urban Ladder today said it has “acqui-hired” a team of city-based BuynBrag as it looks to expand the home decor range.
Prithvi Raj Tejavath, co-founder of BuynBrag, along with some other members of his team will move to Bangalore, where Urban Ladder is headquartered.
Urban Ladder has over 150 employees of its own.
Tejavath will also lead the home decor business for Urban Ladder as Vice President of the segment.
“While we will continue to provide our customers with best in class furniture, we feel now is the right time to add a wider home decor range to our catalogue,” Urban Ladder CEO and co-founder Ashish Goel said.
BuynBrag was launched in 2012 and is known for its contemporary design and extensive decor and furnishings range.
“My team from BuynBrag and I look forward to contribute our expertise in the home decor segment for Urban Ladder. The amalgamation of the teams will lead to producing the best in the home decor space in times to come,” Tejavath said.
Launched in July 2012, Urban Ladder was co-founded by Ashish Goel and Rajiv Srivatsa. It offers over 1,000 products across 25 categories in furniture such as wardrobes, beds, sofas, dining tables and coffee tables.
The firm aims to be the biggest furniture seller in India in the next 18 months.
Last week, Tata Group’s Chairman Emeritus Ratan Tata had invested in Urban Ladder, his second personal investment in an e-commerce firm after Snapdeal. Previously, Urban Ladder had raised ‘Series B funding’ from Steadview Capital and existing investors SAIF Partners and Kalaari Capital.
TAGS: Ecommerce Ratan Tata Urban Ladder
More from companies

Street Smart: in Hill East  Mangialardo and Sons Inc.By George Gonzalez November 21
 
Mangialardo and Sons, Inc. Photo by Nikoo Yahyazadeh
At Mangialardo and Sons (1317 Pennsylvania Ave. SE) you'll often see police cruisers, firetrucks and ambulances double-parked on the street out front during lunchtime. Inside the shop, there's usually a standing crowd of people waiting with numbered tickets in their hands: construction crews in blue hard hats, painters in speckled pants and Smithsonian employees in rumpled khakis. You might also see Tom Lindberg, a Southeast resident who works on D.C. Water's D.C. Clean Rivers Project, hovering in the back, listening for his number. "The sandwiches remind me of home," Tom says. "This [is] a little taste of the Italian neighborhood in Boston - without the gold chains."
Municipal workers' uniform patches from all over the country adorn a wall board. Photo by Nikoo Yahyazadeh
Mangialardo's, which has been in business for more than 60 years, serves some of the most honest hard-roll sandwiches in Washington. The large, fresh creations - Italian cold cuts, hot peppers and oils packed in hard or soft bread rolls - inspire devotion. The shop's customers are almost exclusively nearby workers and residents, thanks to its limited hours (weekdays from 7:30 a.m. to 3 p.m.).
Italian cold cut sandwich. Photo by Nikoo Yahyazadeh
The shop is in a major traffic corridor that, according to some, is also the southernmost boundary of Hill East, a nebulously defined neighborhood flanked by Capitol Hill and the Anacostia River. As the city's march of redevelopment presses forward, pockets of Hill East are undergoing transformation, with renovated homes, modern condo and apartment buildings, and trendy businesses replacing older homes and empty lots. Yet even as the gentrification continues, Mangialardo's is committed to maintaining
the way things were.
Tony Mangialardo. Photo by Nikoo Yahyazadeh
"I don't think I worry, but, I mean, I have to work, so you just gotta keep doing things the same way," says Tony Mangialardo, 52, the third-generation owner of the sandwich shop. "We don't change anything, you know. I make the subs the same way my dad started doing it. ... I take care of the customers." Adding to the old fangled charm of the shop is that, on any given day, you'll see at least one of Tony's four adult children taking orders or wrapping sandwiches in paper. There's no seating, so there's always a steady drift of customers in and out.
Mangialardo's optimism is admirable, since his shop is on a street poised for considerable redevelopment. Two doors down, a property has been gutted and fenced off for more than a year. Developers plan to build office space above ground-floor retail that might include a grocery store and restaurant. Across the street, Fanatix Nails & Spa opened in April, and Jade Fitness gym and juice bar debuted signage for its grand opening in September. But Mangialardo says he doesn't notice. "I don't ever look out the window," he says. "My older children are working their way through school, and they have ideas. One of the scenarios is they get a real job after college, [stay] there for 20 years, get retirement, and come back, and I'll be fading away, and they might make [this] into a real good business. You never know."
For stories, features such as Date Lab, Gene Weingarten and more, visit  WP Magazine.
Follow the Magazine on  Twitter .
Like us on  Facebook .

The areas Griffin needs to improve onBy Mark Bullock and Neil Greenberg November 21 Follow @ngreenberg
The Test asks two Post specialists to take unique looks at a Redskins issue leading up to each game. Neil Greenberg of  our Fancy Stats blog  runs the numbers; Separately,  Mark Bullock  gives it the eye test. 
Neil Greenberg’s take:
Ask five people what is wrong with Robert Griffin III and you may get six different answers, but one common thread will be “He holds the ball too long.”
According to the game charters at Pro Football Focus , he takes the longest to attempt a pass (2.83 seconds) among all quarterbacks who have taken at least 25 percent of their teams snaps this season.
Perhaps it worked during his rookie year when he was more mobile, or the league didn’t have enough film on him to make the necessary adjustments, but as you can see below, the longer Griffin holds on to the ball, the less effective he becomes.
Mark Bullock’s take:
Griffin and the Redskins have found a new low. There have been questions about his leadership, accusations about his work ethic, social media wars with teammates. This wasn’t the way it was supposed to go for Griffin and the Redskins this year. After the spat with Shanahan, Washington opted to keep Griffin as their future over Shanahan and hired Jay Gruden to develop him in the pocket.
But after a full offseason of work and hype, the Redskins are out of the playoff picture with six games left to see if Griffin is the guy they want to go forward with. Yes, it’s a new offense and he had the ankle injury that kept him out for a significant amount of time. But whatever the excuses are; he’s in his third season in the NFL and having problems with the fundamental aspects of being a professional quarterback.
Griffin is struggling with anticipating throws. As Neil wrote, Griffin often holds onto the ball for too long, waiting for the receiver to break open. He should be anticipating the receiver making his cut, but instead is inviting the pressure to arrive by holding onto the ball.
Washington targeted wide receiver Pierre Garcon on the above play.
The Buccaneers’ linebackers are drawn in by a play-action fake. This creates space in behind them for Garcon to run into. Griffin looks to Garcon and should quickly anticipate the throwing lane.
But instead, Griffin holds onto the ball, waiting for Garcon to be in between the two dropping linebackers. The ball should be out at this point in the play and Garcon should be picking up 20-plus yards. But Griffin’s hesitancy gives the defensive line time to work into the backfield. Griffin begins to look to other targets as a result of the pressure and ends up scrambling.
Anticipation was far from his only issue. Gruden was highly critical of Griffin , citing footwork among his fundamental struggles.
“His footwork was below average. He took three-step drops when he should have taken five. He took a one-step drop when he should have taken three on a couple of occasions. That can’t happen.”
This was a third-and-13 play early in the fourth quarter. The Redskins have all four receivers running deeper routes that correlate with a deeper drop from the quarterback to help everything time up properly.
Griffin takes one big drop step from the snap.
But then hardly gets any further away from the line of scrimmage than that. He takes one small stutter step before stepping forward.
Straight away he steps forward into a throw, winding up and ready to release. But not one receiver is even looking back for the ball yet. The timing from Griffin is horribly off. His drop put him out of sync with his receivers, and Griffin panics. He hurriedly checks it down to running back Roy Helu Jr.
But had Griffin used the correct footwork and synced up his drop with his receivers’ routes, he would have found that he had three receivers running deep against one deep safety.
Griffin is in his third season. Maybe his development is slowed because he didn’t play in a “pro-style” offense in college and the injures have taken their toll for sure. But this is pretty basic. Griffin used to be heavily criticized as a one-read quarterback. Here, he’s not even making that first read.
Griffin managed to get out of that play without losing yards. But later on, he wasn’t so fortunate.
Again, Griffin is on his first read. The Buccaneers are in “Tampa 2” coverage, with Garcon working underneath. Griffin looks right at him but doesn’t pull the trigger. A few seconds later, he’s sacked for a three-yard loss.
The other tendency Griffin has is to take off running when he has open receivers.
This play came early in the game. Tight end Jordan Reed is split out wide and runs a “dig” route.
As Griffin looks to throw, he feels pressure arriving.
Griffin does a nice job helping out his offensive lineman, eluding the oncoming rush.
But then Griffin immediately tucks the ball and begins to run for the first down himself. He has five yards between himself and the line of scrimmage. As he approaches the line of scrimmage, he should be looking down the field for targets to throw to. He has Garcon crossing the deep middle of the field, DeSean Jackson running free down the sideline and Andre Roberts breaking outside to the sideline. Griffin should at least have seen Roberts and dumped it off to him. But instead he runs it himself.
Griffin ends up diving over the top of a defender to avoid a big hit. This is exactly what got Griffin hurt in the first place. Being able to run is a benefit for a quarterback, but only if he doesn’t have a receiver to throw to first. Here, Griffin had potentially three receivers to throw it to but still opted to run.
Here’s another example of Griffin not throwing to open receivers.
The Redskins call for corner-flat route combinations on either side. Coach Lovie Smith and the Buccaneers are known for being a “Tampa 2” defense, which is vulnerable to the corner route and in the flats. So the Redskins attack those weaknesses.
They get the exact look they are after. Tampa Bay is in the coverage that Washington wanted, and Griffin has a clean pocket with just about all of his receivers open and available. The easiest throw would be the corner route to Jackson to Griffin’s right, but really, he should be able to hit any one of his five eligible receivers.
But despite having a clean pocket and open receivers, Griffin opts to scramble. He ends up running right into the path of a stunting defensive lineman.
Griffin gets a throw away before he’s hit, avoiding the sack. But he still takes yet another hit and can’t complete the pass. This should have been another big play, or at the very least he should have checked it down to Alfred Morris over the middle if he was uncertain.
All of these plays aren’t good for Griffin. But perhaps one of the most damning plays came on a quick screen to Jackson in the fourth quarter.
Griffin receives the snap and then proceeds to jump-pass off his back foot to throw the ball to Jackson. The lack of simple mechanics, planting his feet and aiming them at his target forces the ball to fall short of Jackson.
The other plays were poor, but this is completely inexcusable. There is no reason Griffin shouldn’t have been able to set his throw and complete a quick screen to Jackson in the flat.
Griffin now faces an uphill battle to prove the Jay Gruden and the Redskins that he’s still their franchise quarterback; the guy worth all those picks they gave up for him. Before the bye week, he looked like he took a step forward against the Vikings, although he did have some bad plays that strike a strong resemblance to some of the plays above. But against one of the worst teams in the NFL, he took a big step backwards. If he is to prove his worth to Gruden and the Redskins coaching staff, he’ll have to play a lot better than he did against Tampa Bay, and he cannot afford another performance anywhere near as bad as this one.
Neil Greenberg runs  Fancy Stats , where numbers meet news. Mark Bullock is The Insider’s  Outsider , sharing his impressions without the benefit of access to the team. He also posts here .
More from The Post:

The heartbeat vs. the fingerprintBy Dominic Basulto November 21 Follow @dominicbasulto
If there’s one thing the technology world loves, it’s the battle over competing standards. Ever since the showdown between VHS and Betamax in the late 1970s, the battle over standards has repeated itself over and over again, as new emerging technologies attempt to convince consumers to adopt them instead of another. Think of the Browser Wars or the current battle between Android and Apple iOS. The next big battle over standards could be between the fingerprint and the heartbeat as the preferred form of biometric authentication.
Currently, of course, the fingerprint — via innovations such as Apple’s Touch ID  – reigns supreme as the premier way to authenticate digital devices. This makes sense, given that fingerprints are used universally as a form of authentication. They have been used for more than 100 years to identify people (mostly criminals). Researchers have shown that a person’s fingerprints do not change over time, except in extreme circumstances (like leprosy). And, in the analysis of billions of sets of fingerprints, there has never been found an exact match between two individuals. In that regard, they’re like snowflakes – no two are alike. From that perspective, it’s a no-brainer that companies such as Apple have embraced fingerprint authentication for digital devices for security purposes.
But here comes the heartbeat.
The Nymi lets you use your unique cardiac rhythm to authenticate your identity. (Courtesy: GetNymi.com)
In 2013, Toronto-based Bionym created the Nymi wearable wristband , which uses an embedded electrocardiogram (ECG) sensor to recognize the unique cardiac rhythm of users. This ECG sensor is able to match the wearer’s ECG against a stored profile in order to authenticate the wearer’s identity. If the heartbeats match, you’re good to go. As Kurt Bartlett, marketing and public relations manager at Bionym, told me in a phone conversation, the science is based on nearly a decade of R&D work at the University of Toronto, where researchers first began investigating an ECG biometric algorithm.
And now this year, the company is launching a first-of-its-kind pilot of a biometric payment system . The trial, which involves MasterCard and Royal Bank of Canada, will use a Nymi wristband linked to a MasterCard credit card for payments. An NFC chip inside the wristband will make it possible to communicate wirelessly with payment terminals, while the ECG sensor will make it possible to authenticate users. Bionym refers to it as the “world’s first biometrically authenticated wearable payment solution.”
So is heartbeat authentication really better than fingerprint authentication? According to Bionym, there are two primary advantages of heartbeat authentication over fingerprint authentication: one is linked to security and one to convenience.
As the company’s November 2013 white paper explains in greater detail, the security feature derives from the fact that a user’s ECG cannot be lifted or captured without a person’s consent. Contrast that to fingerprints, which leave behind “latent samples” (i.e. smudges) that can be replicated or forged. The ECG sensor is internal, meaning that it’s much harder to capture a user’s identity.
In terms of convenience, the Nymi only requires a user to confirm their identity once a day rather than swiping a finger for each and every transaction. Once a user has been authenticated, he or she will have continuous and reliable access to services and devices via wireless communication. Moreover, the ECG sensor is able to collect a signal continuously until it finds a match, which solves the problem of having to replace your finger on a device if it does not read it correctly the first time around. And indeed, if you watch the Nymi product videos, it does appear that services and devices unlock almost as if by magic. If you’re wearing a Nymi wristband, you literally do not need to put down your cup of coffee in order to unlock your smartphone – it recognizes who you are and unlocks by itself.
There’s obviously a new and growing market for biometric identification – and that’s precisely why it’s relevant to be talking about a standards war. Just think of the numerous times each day we’re asked to authenticate things around us with passwords. And now that mobile payments are becoming mainstream, just think of how many times we will be asked to authenticate these transactions each day. In fact, according to a recent JWT report on the future of payments , there will be 471 million global biometrics smartphone users by 2017. That’s a huge potential market.
Right now, the Nymi is still only available for pre-order and only a limited number of developers have been able to work with the Nymi wristband, so we don’t know how effective it will be in practice. However, if the heartbeat authentication pilot with MasterCard is successful, this potentially sets up a broader standards battle with Apple, which is heavily touting its Touch ID fingerprint identification system as the way to authenticate Apple Pay transactions. According to Apple, your finger — not your heartbeat — is “the perfect password.”
Phil Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing for Apple, talks about the iPhone 5S Touch ID fingerprint recognition feature. (Stephen Lam/Reuters)
Apple has the first-mover advantage since everyone knows about Touch ID, and nobody knows about what might be called heartbeat ID. And Apple also has an advantage because of its huge installed iPhone and iPad customer base. As a result, fingerprints — not heartbeats — are the de facto industry standard for authenticating digital devices, digital services and mobile payment transactions.
But there are signs that the heartbeat could steal a beat on the fingerprint. In September, Bionym raised a $14 million round of venture capital investment and brought aboard MasterCard and SAP as new partners. The company is also reaching out to hospitality providers in order to convince them to use heartbeat identification as the way to recognize users. They’re hoping to license the heartbeat recognition technology to others, so that it can become a new standard for all wearable devices. Finally, they’re opening up to developers, asking them to design around the technology. Whereas Apple has been cautious about sharing too much of its technology with others, Bionym wants to get its technology onto as many wrists as possible.
But as much as this potential battle over biometric authentication is about the size of the customer base and first-mover advantage, it’s also about something much deeper – what we fundamentally consider to make us human. If someone asked you to define the one aspect of your physical identity that made you unique, you might say your “face” or your “eyes” or your “fingerprint.” And, not surprisingly, other biometric authentication schemes that have been proposed have used facial recognition and iris scans. The heart may be the subject of some of the world’s great poetry, but until recently, there has never been a reliable ECG biometric algorithm. In fact, you might not even realize that your heart’s cardiac rhythm could be used to identify yourself.
There’s still a lot to be done with using heartbeats for biometric authentication, of course. Products available for pre-order are not the same as products already in the marketplace. But given that Apple is already thinking in terms of the Heartbeat for the Apple Watch  and more wearable devices seem to be coming with built-in heart rate monitors (which measure blood flow, not electrical activity), we might just see the heartbeat gain ground in its battle with the fingerprint.
Dominic Basulto is a futurist and blogger based in New York City.

Dumraon Royal family sends legal notice to ChetanBhagatPrint
The notice says 'Half Girlfriend' contains express and implied references to former royal family, which are false and derogatory in nature.
By: Press Trust of India | Patna | Posted: November 21, 2014 6:31 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 6:41 pm
Irked over their reference in his latest novel, the erstwhile royal family of Dumraon has sent a legal notice to author Chetan Bhagat and the publisher, demanding unconditional public apology and recall of all copies of the book that are yet to be circulated.
The notice has been sent by Supreme Court lawyer Gaurav Ghosh on behalf of ‘Maharaja’ Bahadur Kamal Singh, the erstwhile ruler of the princely state of Dumraon in Bihar’s Buxar district, and the heir ‘Yuvraj’ Chandra Vijay Singh.
The notice demands “unconditional public apology” from Bhagat and publisher Rupa Publications and “recall of all copies of the book that are yet to be circulated” failing which damages and criminal proceedings will be sought against them.
It also seeks expunging the words “Royal Family of Dumraon” and any other words that refer to the erstwhile rulers from all copies of ‘Half Girlfriend’ that may be published in future.
“We have given 21 days to Bhagat and the publishers to take measures to give us relief. They have maligned our family, which has an unbroken and glorious history that could be traced back to over 500 years, and which continues to be in the service of the people of the nation till date,” Chandra Vijay Singh told PTI.
The notice, a copy of which is available with PTI, says ‘Half Girlfriend’ contains express and implied references to the former royal family, which are false and derogatory in nature. It imputes conduct to the family, disparaging them as well as exposing them to contempt and ridicule.
It also quotes a paragraph from the book and alleges that the book has portrayed the erstwhile royal family members as ‘gamblers and alcoholics’, and points out that no other royal family of Dumraon existed in India.
“We have suffered ridicule due to the book and we will not let it go. We have also heard that a movie is going to be made based on it. It will lead to further insult. If the author and the publisher do not accept our demands within the stipulated timeframe, we will move court,” said the 67-year-old Singh.
The family initiated legal action after protests rocked Dumraon two weeks ago and the residents of the place burnt effigies of Bhagat as well as copies of the book and demanded action against him for giving the place a bad name.
The erstwhile Dumraon state was founded by a branch of Parmar rulers of Jagdishpur (Bhojpur) and Raja Narayan Mal (1604-1622) was the first king. The present ‘Maharaja’ Bahadur Kamal Singh was anointed the king on November 13, 1949. He was also elected to the first two Lok Sabhas after Independence.

Trinamool Congress is a cheat party; Mamata should start writing her resignation letter:BJPBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: November 21, 2014 7:08 pm
Stepping up attack on Mamata Banerjee after the arrest of TMC MP Srinjoy Bose, BJP on Friday said the Chief Minister should start writing her resignation as she cannot remain in denial and has to answer the lakhs of poor investors who became victims of Saradha chit fund scam.
“Dots are joining and will finally land at the doorstep of Mamata Banerjee. Srinjoy Bose is a big leader of TMC who knows lot about Saradha scam. He is the second MP of TMC arrested in the scam. Mamata Banerjee cannot remain in denial and she has to answer the 17 lakh poor people who have been robbed by the TMC leadership and the Saradha group,” said BJP national secretary Siddharth Nath Singh.
Singh’s was reacting to the arrest of Bose by the Special Crime branch of CBI after a marathon interrogation for his alleged involvement in the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam. Taking cue from Banerjee’s comment few days back when she said she would quit if allegations of her closeness to the ponzi company was proved, Singh said, “I think Mamata Banerjee should start writing the (resignation) letter at least.” “TMC is now a Chit party and a cheat party,” he said.
Bose is among prominent eight persons arrested by the CBI so far in the Saradha case. The others arrested are: Saradha Group chief Sudipto Sen, his aide Debjani Mukherjee, suspended Trinamool MP Kunal Ghosh, ex-West Bengal police DG Rajat Majumdar, Assamese singer Sadanand Gogoi, East Bengal club official Debabrata Sarkar and businessman Sandhir Agarwal, all of whom have been charge sheeted by the investigating agency. The CBI interrogated Bose, owner of a Bengali daily, for his business dealing with Sen.

Contracts worth Rs 149 crores awarded without tenders inMizoramPrint
Written by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: November 21, 2014 6:53 pm
A total of 233 power and electricity contracts/supplies in Mizoram worth a total of Rs 149 crores has been awarded to contractors without floating any tenders over the past six years, according to the reply to an unstarred question in the state assembly on Friday.
Some individual contractors have even worked contracts worth up to Rs 35 crores without tenders for these ever being floated, according to an analysis of the data-sheet attached to the reply by Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla, who holds the P&E portfolio.
Many of the entities in the list worked multiple contracts worth a total of more than a crore Rupees each over several years.
The list attached to the reply covers the years from 2009 till the present.
Responding to Mizo National Front MLA Lalruatkima’s question, Lal Thanhawla said in his written reply that there are two reasons for the awarding of contracts without floating tenders.
“There are some urgent works that need to be done without floating tenders. Sometimes getting government approval takes several months,” Lal Thanhawla said, adding the works are executed on the basis of rates approved for earlier similar works.
The CM added that “due to inflation costs keep escalating, and the rates of goods become higher during the tender process. Therefore if existing rates can be used then it becomes cheaper so supplies/contracts being awarded at existing rates leads to less expenses.”

Barack Obama executive action succour for 4 millionUpdated: November 22, 2014 08:18 IST
250,000 Indians to benefit from Obama immigration plan
Narayan Lakshman
Tweet
Reuters
U.S. President Barack Obama announces executive actions on U.S. immigration policy during a televised address from the White House, in Washington on November 20, 2014.
TOPICS
immigration
Three-year deferment of deportation and right to work legally for undocumented immigrants
U.S. President Barack Obama has announced his intention to carry out a “lawful” executive action to fix the country’s “broken” immigration system, a measure that would offer, from early next year, three-year deferment of deportation proceedings and the right to work legally here, to nearly four million undocumented parents of U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents, and undocumented immigrants who arrived in the country before the age of 16.
Striking an emotional chord in his announcement of the action via video from the White House, Mr. Obama asked, “Are we a nation that tolerates the hypocrisy of a system where workers who pick our fruit and make our beds never have a chance to get right with the law? Are we a nation that accepts the cruelty of ripping children from their parents’ arms? Are we a nation that educates the world’s best and brightest in our universities, only to send them home to create businesses in countries that compete against us?”
Among the four million immigrants who stand to gain from this policy action will be a number undocumented Indian citizens in the U.S., whose total population the Department of Homeland Security estimates to be 250,000.
While the President came in for the expected criticism from conservative quarters, particularly for what his detractors labelled as “amnesty” for undocumented workers, he sought to keep the lines of communications open with Republicans on Capitol Hill when he said, “I continue to believe that the best way to solve this problem is by working together to pass that kind of common sense law.”
However, he added, until that happened, he had the legal authority to take certain actions as President, “the same kinds of actions taken by Democratic and Republican presidents before me”, which would will help make the immigration system more fair and just.
Among the broad areas of policy change that the executive action would bring about are three main themes, namely more resources for policing the U.S.’ borders to stem the flow of undocumented immigrants; the deferred deportation of certain immigrants; and a more streamlined process for high-skilled immigrants, graduates, and entrepreneurs to stay and contribute to the U.S. economy.
Highly-skilled workers, STEM graduates benefit
The last of these is likely to have a significant impact on Indian graduates in the U.S., principally in Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) fields, especially given that, according to a White House ‘fact sheet,’ the President’s action will strengthen and extend the use of the existing Optional Practical Training (OPT) programme for STEM graduates of U.S universities.
Further, the White House noted, the President’s action would provide portable work authorisation for high-skilled workers awaiting their permanent residence, or green cards, and their spouses.
At present, employees with approved green card applications often wait many years for their visa to become available, officials noted, and the Department of Homeland Security will make “regulatory changes to allow these workers to move or change jobs more easily [and finalise] new rules to give certain H-1B spouses employment authorisation as long as the H-1B spouse has an approved [green card] application.”

J&K polls: PDP patron grew older by one year in 6yearsBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: November 21, 2014 7:51 pm
PDP patron and former Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Mufti Mohammed Sayeed has grown only one year old in last six years!
According to the affidavit filed by Sayeed for the assembly election from Anantnag constituency, the former chief minister is 72 years old.
However, as per the affidavit filed by him in 2008 assembly elections from the same constituency, Sayeed had declared his age as 71 years.
When asked for a comment, PDP chief spokesperson Nayeem Akthar said “there must be some error in recording figures”.
The PDP founder is not the only politician whose increase in age is not corresponding to the six years that passed by between the two assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir.
Congress candidate from Leh and Housing Minister Nawang Rigzin Jora, who declared his age as 53 years in 2008 polls, has shown his age as 56 years in this year’s elections.
National Conference candidate from Sonawari and Minister for Higher Education Mohammad Akbar Lone was 63-year-old in 2008 elections but grew by only four years to show his age as 67 this year.
However, some politicians have taken the opportunity to correct their age on record.
National Conference candidate from Gurez and Minister of State for Animal Husbandry Nazir Ahmad Khan was only 35 years old in 2008 polls. This year, he has shown his age as 49.

SPOTTED: The official IT couple  Anushka Sharma  ViratKohliPrint
Take it as an assurance, the Captain is booked! The Bollywood Beauty is also taken.
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 7:39 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 8:14 pm
The newest love birds of the Tinsel Town who admitted to their relationship only last night were spotted together yet again. And this time we CAN openly talk about them.
Hours later the Captain of the Indian Cricket Team Virat Kohli finally agreed to the fact that he is dating Bollywood actress Anushka Sharma, the couple was seen coming out of Karan Johar’s residence in Mumbai. Anushka wore a grey tee with denims, while Virat donned the hat, ooops! cap.
IN PICS – Virat Kohli-Anushka Sharma, Ranbir Kapoor- Katrina Kaif enjoy couples’ night out
After months of denying their relationship, the fans and followers of the lovely Anushka and talented Virat had lost hopes of them ever coming out with the already-known secret. But much to their respite, at the launch his clothing line -Wrogn, Virat revealed his deepest secret, or not so. He was quoted saying, “It is out in the open (Jo hai sabke saamne hai abhi). We are not hiding anything, we are not trying to hide anything. I don’t want to hide anything. But if you get repeatedly asked on the same thing and if it is made a matter of debate then both the individuals don’t feel it is right.”
Also read – Virat Kohli opens up on his relationship with Anushka Sharma, says we are not hiding anything
So, take it as an assurance, the Captain is booked! The Bollywood Beauty is also taken. But he won’t like talking about it in public. “We will not personally like to speak about it because it is something very personal for us and that should be respected by the media and everyone else as well,” Virat said.
The much in love couple had already been seen at a lot of events and places together and it was, but, a matter of common knowledge that the two are indeed in a relationship. But we like it when we hear the truth from the horse’s mouth. Don’t we?
And this is not enough. The latest we hear is Aditya Chopra, the head honcho of Yashraj Movies, is willing to make a movie on cricket and has contacted Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma to play the leads. A report published in Hindustan Times states that Rani Mukerji has even talked to the duo and Virat has asked for some time to think about it.
So, is the Indian Captain looking to try his luck in Bollywood? Time shall tell. Aye Aye Captain!

Pakistan recover to draw Test  maintain 1-0leadKiwis captain Brendon McCullum made a bold declaration at 250-9 for an overall lead of 260 runs. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Dubai | Posted: November 21, 2014 7:33 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 8:55 pm
Pakistan survived an unexpected top-order collapse to draw the second test with New Zealand after being set a tricky target of 261 in 72 overs on the last day Friday.
Trent Boult’s (2-12) twin strikes left Pakistan reeling at 75-4 before top-scorer Younis Khan (44) and Asad Shafiq (41 not out) combined for 74 runs to help guide their team to a safe 196-5 with five overs unused.
“They (New Zealand) have improved a lot from the last game and put us really under pressure,” Pakistan captain Misbah-ul-Haq said.
“We were planning to chase it down and bat normally up to 40-45 overs, but we lost three wickets in two-three overs, and that changed the whole scenario.”
Earlier, Kiwis captain Brendon McCullum made a bold declaration at 250-9 for an overall lead of 260 runs, with Ross Taylor scoring a brilliant 104.
Legspinner Yasir Shah (5-79), who had Taylor stumped, bagged his first five-wicket haul, while left-arm spinner Zulfiqar Babar took 4-96.
“It was a right result for both teams, and credit to Pakistan for the way they fought it out,” McCullum said.
Pakistan kept its 1-0 lead intact after the 248-run win last week, with the last test set for Sharjah next Wednesday.
Offspinner Mark Craig triggered a Pakistan collapse when Azhar Ali was out for 24 hitting a full toss straight to cover after putting on 62 runs with Shan Masood, 40.
Boult had Masood lbw off a vicious yorker, and in his next over captain Misbah-ul-Haq was caught behind for a rare nought in recent times, as Pakistan slipped to 75-4.
Khan and Shafiq then defied the Kiwis’ bid for victory in the last session with a gritty half century stand before Khan fended Craig’s short delivery to the slips. The dismissal raised New Zealand hopes, but not for long.
“The toss was really important,” McCullum said.
“We followed the blueprint that Pakistan have been using … which allowed us to be in a position from where we could have won the test match.”
Earlier, Taylor returned to form after scores of 0, 8 and 23 to make 104 off 133 balls, his first test century of the year.
Taylor added 60 invaluable runs with Craig (34) after New Zealand resumed at the overnight 167-6. Both fell to Shah in the space of three deliveries to give the legspinner his first five-wicket haul in only his fourth test match.
New Zealand looked for quick runs to press its bid to level the three-match series on a turning pitch after losing the first test by 248 runs last week.
Craig got away with a dropped catch when left-arm fast bowler Rahat Ali found a thick outside edge in his second over and Umar spilled a low, two-handed catch at first slip.
Taylor was on 85 when he continued…

Dismantling of iconic warship INS VikrantbeginsBefore the Supreme Court's verdict, the Maharashtra Government had expressed its inability to maintain the vessel.
Written by Anjali Lukose | Mumbai | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:30 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 12:50 pm
The hull of the decommisioned Vikrant, which “once controlled the sea and ended a war”, was torn open on Friday at the breaking yard in south Mumbai, ending the journey of the country’s first aircraft carrier.
The first to fall, 15 minutes before sunset, was the angled deck, which will be remembered for launching the most iconic air raid which destroyed most ships at the Chittagong and Cox’s Bazar harbours in then East Pakistan, playing a key role in ending the 1971 war.
IB Commercial Pvt Ltd, which had won the bid to scrap the ship for Rs 63.02 crore in January, now hopes to earn a margin of 2-3 per cent for the scrap.
More than 60 per cent of the artefacts from the aircraft carrier, which was bought from Britain in 1957, was moved to the Maritime History Society in Mumbai while rest was shifted to the Naval Aviation Museum in Goa before she was handed over for dismantling.
IB Commercial Pvt Ltd had won the bid to scrap the ship for Rs 63.02 cr in January. It would take around six to eight months to dismantle the ship, said IB Commercial officials. (Source: Express photo by Vasant Prabhu)
At the breaking yard, huge cranes separated the ferrous from the non-ferrous parts as soon as labourers removed parts of the fallen angled deck. Metal inspectors went about recording the content of each piece of scrap metal and separating it.
“Everything that comes of the ship is quality product. The navy is not restricted by budget when spending on a ship, especially an aircraft carrier, so there is no impurity,” said Zuber Jaka, 22, director of IB Commercial.
Jaka said the non-ferrous parts of the ship earns the most and is exported. The ferrous scrap will be sent to the rolling mills and the “unrollable” parts — referring to thermocol — will be sent to the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board for “safe disposal”. If the ferrous parts sell for Rs 24 per kg, the non-ferrous parts sell for Rs 300 per kg, he said. And the ship with a gross registered tonnage of 21,067 tonnes, has a lot of it.
The company, which is paying Rs 1.40 lakh to the Mumbai Port Trust for using its land for ship breaking, will take another six to eight months to dismantle the entire ship.
“When we bought the ship, we were proud to get the opportunity to scrap ‘desh ki shaan’, but also a little sad. But the long delay and the wishes of many to preserve the ship made us feel bad about the lucrative deal we had struck,” said Abdul Karim Jaka, another director of IB Commercial.
The Jaka family is now relieved that the scrapping had begun. “The SC ruled in our favour as the authorities and the navy thought it was not feasible to convert it into a museum. We also offered to hand over the ship to those who protested against the dismantling after paying for the ship. Once everything failed and we got permission from the port trust to break the ship, we just got to work,” he said.
Oblivious to Vikrant’s historical achievements, the contractor who controlled the winch that brought down the angled deck said he cannot afford to be emotional. “This is my line of work so I cannot get emotional about these things. This is my second naval ship, and I have helped break many a ship in my 12 years of work. But this one was definitely the most famous,” said Ghanshyam Yadav, the contractor.
Earlier, the Maharashtra government had expressed its inability to maintain Vikrant, which was decommissioned in January 1997. In January 2014, during the hearing of a PIL which opposed the plan to scrap the ship, the Defence Ministry told the Bombay High Court that it had completed its operational life.
In the evening, AAP leader Meera Sanyal along with Vice Admiral (Retd.) I C Rao, who served onboard INS Vikrant as a chief engineer in 1975-76 came to the breaking yard to bid her farewell. “It is a national shame that we could not save an iconic ship like her. She is irreplaceable. During the ‘71 war, she cut off the Pakistani Army’s route and their morale was destroyed, shortening the war. I will keep complaining about the lack of public spiritedness, value of history and misgoverance. We sold our nation’s pride for a mere Rs 60 crore,” said Vice Admiral Rao. “It was like seeing our own house being brought down because we could no longer afford to live in it. She has now joined the world of scrap.”
As a memorabilia, the Jaka family has kept a metallic Ashok Chakra that was onboard the ship.
 

Soon you can shop online through WeChatwalletPrint
Users can soon directly buy products from official e-commerce WeChat pages.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 7:20 pm | Updated: November 22, 2014 6:34 pm
If you think WeChat is just another WhatsApp-like messaging app, then Tencent, the makers of WeChat, would want to set things straight. WeChat has already combined the best of Facebook, Twitter and Skype and claims to be more innovative than its arch-rival WhatsApp. “We are an all-round social communication platform and not just an SMS replacement app like WhatsApp,” said Nilay Arora, VP Marketing and Business Development, 10c India (WeChat).
Since its launch in India last year, WeChat has added several interesting features like animated stickers, short video chats among several others and gave away free 1GB of cloud storage to its users. WeChat has already introduced official accounts through which users can connect to their favourite brands.
“Twitter is very public and many brands find it unfair. A common trend that we have observed is that people mostly tweet about brands when they are unhappy with the services and not when they are happy. Thus, a brand may have many highly satisfied customers but these customers never tweet about how good the brand is. While, if there is even one unhappy customer, that person will try to grab all the attention by tweeting something negative about the brand,” said Arora.
WeChat, through its official pages, is trying to do a Twitter by leveraging its platform to help consumers connect to their brands through an user-friendly chat platform which is personal.
Going forward, WeChat is looking to introduce gaming and wallet services in India. The WeChat wallet is popular in China where it is used to send money and do online shopping and the same might be introduced in India soon.
“Users can browse through products of e-commerce websites on their respective official WeChat pages. We are looking forward to introduce a wallet service through which users can directly buy products from official e-commerce WeChat pages, relieving them of the hassles of using their credit card everytime for purchases,” said Arora.
Arora said users can browse for products within the e-commerce WeChat page, share the product with their friends to get suggestions and then buy the same using their WeChat wallet.
On the gaming front, WeChat is aiming to integrate social games on their chat platform following what Facebook did earlier. “People loved to play games like FarmVille on Facebook, we might be doing the same thing with WeChat too as the parent company Tencent is already strong in online gaming,” said Arora.
When it comes to monetising, Arora said, “There are several ways to earn money from having an all-round communication platform. We are still in the process of expanding our user base in India, so, we are keeping all avenues open. We have a lot of monetising opportunities from official pages, featured content, wallet service, gaming, stickers and there is more to come.”

Advani  Chawla inch closer to World Snooker knockoutsUpdated: November 21, 2014 19:52 IST
Advani, Chawla inch closer to World Snooker knockouts
PTI
Tweet
PTI
Kamal Chawla of India prepares to play a shot against Jurgen Van Roy of Belgium during the 3rd day of IBSF World Snooker Championship in Bengaluru.
TOPICS
world championship
Indian cue stars Pankaj Advani and Kamal Chawla on Friday moved closer to the knockout stage after registering their third straight win against their respective opponents on Day 3 of the IBSF World Snooker Championship at Sree Kanteerava Stadium in Bengaluru.
After getting into the groove post his second win yesterday, Advani continued his magnificent form by outsmarting Austria’s Paul Schopf 4-0 with breaks of 71 in the first frame, 52 and 84 clearance in the fourth.
Billed as hot favourite to lift his 13th world title, Advani told reporters after the match that he played aggressively since his rival did not capitalise on his mistakes. “I played aggressively especially since my opponent did not punish me for my mistakes,” he said.
This match against Schopf gave the national cue sport poster boy a chance to experiment before he stormed into the knockout stage, but Advani believes it’s still a long way to go.
“Overall, it was a good win and I had the chance to experiment a bit, but there is still a long way to go,” said Advani.
Chawla, nursing a ligament injury to his right thumb, essayed his third consecutive win 4-1 over Belgium’s Jurgen Van Roy with a break of 57 in the third frame.
“I stretched myself to the fifth frame. I should have won 4-0, but lost concentration in the fourth frame,” he said.
The Madhya Pradesh cueist said the playing conditions are improving compared to the first two days, and winning three out of three is a good start.
“I am playing well otherwise and the playing conditions have certainly improved from the previous two days. Three wins out of three is a good start,” he added.
Another young Indian though did not have his way as 22-year-old Mumbai cueist Rahul Ajay Sachdev lost to the much-fancied Chinese teenager Yan Bingtao 1-4.
The left-handed Sachdev, who took to playing snooker only four years ago and is being coached by Sanjay Sawant, did well to take the first frame against Bingtao.
However, Sachdev’s inexperience surfaced as he committed errors in the second frame and the talented 14-year old Bingtao, who reached the round-of-16 in Shanghai Masters, took charge.
New Delhi cueist Sundeep Gulati meant business when the young gun thrashed Tomasz Skalski of Belgium 4-0.
Multiple title holder and bronze medallist at World Billiards last month, Sourav Kothari won comfortably against Michael Mengorio 4-1.
Another Kolkata cueist Brijesh Damani also had it easy against Sri Lankan cueist Mohamed Mubeen Mansoor, as the youngster won 4-0.
Some noted Indian cueist to lose their matches were Dharmendra Lilly, Sahil Nayyar and Faisal Khan.
In the Masters section, defending champion Phisit Chandsri of Thailand had a 101 break while overcoming India’s Kamaraj SH 3-0. Varun Madan continued his form beating Vinicius Da Silva Fucutta (Brazil) 4-0.
In women’s category, Divya Sharma a wild card entry could not find her touch against Gareth Allen (Wales) and lost 2-4.
R Umadevi managed to take frame from talented Hong Kong player I P Wan In Jaique to eventually lose 1-3.
Two-time title winner Ng On Yee had 2 breaks of 47 and 41 to dispatch Neeta Sanghvi 3-0.

Obama isnt the first president to be called an emperor  and he wont be the lastThis is exactly the kind of pen an emperor would use. AFP PHOTO/Brendan SMIALOWSKIBRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images
In case you haven't heard, President Obama is an emperor.
SESSIONS: Obama Now ‘Emperor of the United States’ http://t.co/NiBPTFamgC
— The Weekly Standard (@weeklystandard) November 19, 2014
Boehner spox Steel says If "‘Emperor Obama’" imposes #immigration exec order "he will cement his legacy of lawlessness"
— Chad Pergram (@ChadPergram) November 19, 2014
ABC News tries, and fails, to get the White House to explain how Obama's not an emperor http://t.co/t5W3BSctaC
— Herman Cain (@THEHermanCain) November 19, 2014
Source: The Colbert Report
He is also a king.
The "president who thinks he's a king" starter pack. cc: @BarackObama pic.twitter.com/yUJz5uZI2c
— Senator Rand Paul (@SenRandPaul) November 20, 2014
Apparently Obama forgets that this is America and he isn't the king pic.twitter.com/8ejRFr6h8P
— Ohio Republicans (@ohiogop) November 20, 2014
Is Obama King or President? https://t.co/1kP37ixwUO
— Judge Napolitano (@Judgenap) November 20, 2014
Grassley: Obama's Immigration Action Worse Than King George http://t.co/LpPgdVtmxQ
— Steven Dennis (@StevenTDennis) November 20, 2014
Obama's planned executive amnesty ignores U.S. law & shreds our Constitution. It's time Obama learned he isn't a king pic.twitter.com/mzkouAprPO
— ForAmerica (@ForAmerica) November 13, 2014
And he might be a dictator too.
If it walks like a dictator & quacks like a dictator: Obama to sign unconstitutional exec order on amnesty. http://t.co/3bO5DVfQhy #tcot
— Allen West (@AllenWest) November 14, 2014
“You have made a dictator”: @glennbeck ’s fiery warning about Obama’s “impeachable offense”: http://t.co/piUxEnZES1 pic.twitter.com/Wly4wmhg6d
Of course, this is hardly the first time he has been accused of such things.
Source: The Hill, January 2013
Source: The Washington Post, March 2014
However, Obama can take comfort in knowing he is not the first president to be seen as a dictator, or king, or emperor. It apparently comes with the gig. Nearly all presidents are tyrannical overlords, until they've been out of office for a few years and are only remembered as the nice old people in history books, who were so much better than the current tyrannical overlords.
Are there bigger issues of presidential power worth discussing? Sure! But we don't appear to have gotten to that stage yet. Give us a few more centuries.
Source: New York Times, Mar 11, 1933;
 
Source: The Washington Post; Feb 15, 1937
 
Source: The Washington Post; Jul 28, 1910
 
Source: The Washington Post; Nov 7, 1893
 
Source: The Washington Post; May 21, 1908
 
Source: Washington Post, Jun 10, 1901
 
Source: The Washington Post, Times Herald; Feb 9, 1968
 
Source: New York Times; May 26, 1973
 
Source: New York Times; May 1918
 
Source: St. Petersburg Times - Sep 2, 1986
 

N.C. fires Gruber after controversial Obamacare commentsBy Reid Wilson November 21 Follow @postreid
In this May 12, 2009 file photo, Jonathan Gruber, professor of Economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, participates in a Capitol Hill hearing on the overhaul of the heath-care system in Washington. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais, File)
North Carolina’s state auditor on Thursday terminated a contract with Jonathan Gruber, the MIT economics professor and health-care expert whose comments on the Affordable Care Act have generated fury among conservatives.
Auditor Beth Wood (D) had hired Gruber to analyze the state’s Community Care of North Carolina program, which provides managed care to the poor and disabled. Gov. Pat McCrory (R) and state lawmakers involved in reforming the state’s Medicaid system were studying whether to include the Community Care program in the reformed system.
Wood’s office, in consultation with the Republican-led legislature, hired Gruber last November. He spent the year finding and analyzing data from the state Department of Health and Human Services.
The month before he was hired, Gruber had appeared at a health-care policy conference in Pennsylvania, where he credited “the stupidity of the American voter” with helping pass the Affordable Care Act. Unnoticed until this month, the comments — and others in which Gruber glibly insults voters and taxpayers — exploded on Rush Limbaugh’s radio show, Fox News and conservative Web sites.
The Post's Jose DelReal explains why Affordable Care Act architect Jonathan Gruber's year-old comments about the historic law have Republicans so angry. (Jose A. DelReal and Nicki DeMarco/The Washington Post)
Earlier this week, Wood’s office decided they had to fire Gruber because it couldn’t “eliminate [the] appearance of an independence impairment,” according to a timeline released by the Auditor’s office . Wood met with Republican leaders of the General Assembly on Tuesday to inform them of the decision, then called Gruber on Wednesday.
“Gruber’s comment that it was all right to mislead people to get to a desired outcome that he favored led our auditors to determine he had at least the appearance of an independence impairment,” Bill Holmes, a spokesman for the Auditor’s office, told WRAL .
Gruber will be paid a total of about $100,000 for his work with the North Carolina office, officials said.
The North Carolina contract is the second Gruber has lost since his comments came to light. On Wednesday, Vermont officials said they will no longer pay Gruber for consulting work on a state public health-care financing plan. Gruber was working under a $400,000 contract to run economic models on a single-payer health-care system.
Lawrence Miller, Vermont’s top health-care official, told the Burlington Free Press he expects Gruber to complete his work, but without pay. So far, Gruber has been paid $160,000 through the Vermont contract. The graduate students working as Gruber’s research assistants will still be paid for their time.
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

Wall Street set to open higher on China rate cut  ECB hopesWall Street falls with energy shares; global data disappoints
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
8
Energy <.SPNY> was easily the worst-performing S&P sector, down 3.6 percent, as Brent crude  fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year. The index is down more than 10 percent for the year, making it the only one of the 10 major S&P sectors in negative territory for the year.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
"I think people are looking at the potential ripple effects from the slide in oil. You're seeing some of these ripple effects today," said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles, noting there also seems to be profit-taking as year's end draws near.
Adding to the bearish tone, data showed China's exports grew at a slower-than-expected pace and imports dropped 6.7 percent in November, while Japan's economy shrank more than expected in the third quarter.
Concerns over the global economy were offset by signs of strength in the U.S. economy, including Friday's payrolls report. The S&P 500 closed Friday's session with its 49th record of the year, and is up more than 11 percent from an October low.
In response to falling oil prices, ConocoPhillips  said its capital budget for 2015 would drop 20 percent to $13.5 billion. Conoco shares lost 3.6 percent.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 87.91 points, or 0.49 percent, to 17,870.88, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 12.65 points, or 0.61 percent, to 2,062.72 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 36.97 points, or 0.77 percent, to 4,743.79.
McDonald's  shares lost 3.8 percent to $92.70 after the fast-food restaurant chain reported a steeper-than-expected fall in global same-restaurant sales in November and said fourth-quarter results would be hurt by a supplier scandal in China and a stronger dollar.
(Editing by Bernadette Baum and Meredith Mazzilli)

Astral Poly Tech acquires 76 pc in Resinova for Rs 213 crThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Gold extends fall on weak demand; silver steadyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Yes i remember when you told to book loss as soon as possible. it was ...Silver Member
12 Followers
Yes I remember when you told to book loss as soon as possible. It was about 52 or near about. Now there is nothing to do. Actually its a common behavior of stock is they understand a common people behavior very well. They can wait when they in loss but they exits when they got their rate or in normal profit. I think stock has hunted us. And more or less new boarders full fill their place.
I`ve carefully watched that mainly recommendations come from new boarders. In this counter I`ve never seen any Platinum or any expert recommended to invest. But you often see buying recommendation and all these recommendations from new boarders.
And when any investor is bullish on any counter they don`t see who is recommending just see recommendation and oppa... Got buying. these are normal behavior of common people. Let see what happens with this stock but, I think I should wait further.
In reply to : psbhatt message
8.02 PM Nov 21st

Liked your sportive nature and we will enjoy competing with person lik...Platinum Member
201 Followers
Thanks Sankar, I will do my Best for Board, I am very happy that if some one is happy with my Tips.
Frankly some time my tips will do bad but I can recover that losses with some good Tips.
Again I will try to best next Week. Hopefully we will enjoy with profits.

Dear what is ur view on dishman pharmaCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Carol Pierson HoldingLike
18
Carol Pierson Holding writes on environmental issues and social responsibility for policy and news publications, including the Carnegie Council's Policy Innovations, Harvard Business Review, San Francisco Chronicle, India Times, and many websites. Her articles on corporate social responsibility can be found at CSRHUB.com , a website that provides sustainability ratings data on 5,000 companies worldwide. Carol holds degrees from Smith College and Harvard University.
Entries by Carol Pierson Holding
A Climate Cure for Social Injustice
(4) Comments | Posted December  3, 2014 | 9:30 AM
The evening after Thanksgiving, I turned on NBC Nightly News with the avuncular Brian Williams, expecting frothy stories about turkey dinners and children's dreams coming true.
Instead, I got a line-up that started with Ray Rice's exoneration by the NFL, complete with clips of him beating his wife-to-be,...
Seattle Protects the Environment and Workers Too
(0) Comments | Posted November 20, 2014 | 11:14 AM
Just in time for the holiday season, a bit of heartwarming news from the Seattle Times : two of our top chain retailers, Costco and Nordstrom , are opting to stay closed on Thanksgiving Day.
Why? To...
Peer Influence, Shaming Drives Green Behavior
(14) Comments | Posted November  6, 2014 | 12:21 PM
A recent column on "groundbreaking innovation" from Fast Company was titled "If Your Neighbor Gets a Solar Panel, You're Going to Want One Too: Whether your neighbor has a solar installation is more likely to influence your decision than politics or income level." The articles' author
Fossil Fuel's New Strategy - Will It Work?
(2) Comments | Posted October 27, 2014 | 5:21 PM
The Climate Policy Initiative (CPI) just released an analysis of the "Financial Impact of the Coming Low-Carbon Transition," which computed the potential value lost to stranded assets, or what fossil fuel companies will have to leave in the...
Climate March Engages Base and New Recruits for Real Climate Actions
(1) Comments | Posted September 30, 2014 | 5:49 PM
Like the true-blue climate supporter that I'm aspiring to be, I attended the People's Climate March in New York City last week. I stood at the corner of Central Park West and West 77th Street and witnessed families with children, old people, college students, two women in wheelchairs and young...
Gloom and Doom Not a Good Strategy for Climate Change Advocates
(3) Comments | Posted September 17, 2014 | 6:41 PM
The idea of branding climate change could seem like another exercise in navel-gazing unless you consider the effectiveness of the opposition. They've got branding down, relentlessly repeating the mantra, "science is inconclusive and solutions are exorbitant and unproven." On the other hand,...
Innovation Key to Climate Change Swerve
(10) Comments | Posted September  4, 2014 | 11:37 AM
A classmate from business school emailed me last week to set me straight on climate change. His argument was "extreme opinions about things that naturally vary are probably wrong" and supported his stance with three arguments:
1) Malthus...
Harley-Davidson Signals Climate Change Is Mainstream
(6) Comments | Posted July 11, 2014 | 1:57 PM
Is there an answer to climate change? I believe there is, and it's already underway. To borrow terms from technology, a distributed solution has moved along the technology adoption curve, through the innovator and early adopter phases. Now, we're entering the mainstream.
We've watched this distributed...
Are Transition Plans Code for Climate Change Backtracking?
(0) Comments | Posted June 24, 2014 | 7:51 PM
The USDA Forest Service is pushing through the sale of nearly 6,200 acres of Tongass rainforest's old growth timber for 10-15 years of logging, claiming that's what the timber industry needs to "transition" to second-growth timber management. Only the U.S. Fish...
Big Investors Retreat From Fossil Fuels
(0) Comments | Posted May 16, 2014 | 12:24 PM
The sustainable investing community is fond of saying that their greatest achievement will be to put themselves out of business. The fossil fuel divestment movement could say the same: when fossil fuel companies stop their relentless drilling and all assets currently held in reserves are abandoned, drivers of the movement...
A Leap Forward for Clean Solar
(2) Comments | Posted May  1, 2014 | 12:00 PM
Last Friday, chemists at the University of Wisconsin published an article in the academic journal Science Magazine in which Dr. Tehshik Yoon and co-authors, Danielle Schultz, Juana Du and Kazimer Skubi, describe how they successfully harnessed light ...
Fighting Fracking: Where Moral Outrage Fails, Earthquakes Prevail
(15) Comments | Posted April 17, 2014 | 7:24 PM
In response to pressure from students, faculty -- and apparently alumni -- who oppose Harvard Endowment's refusal to divest its fossil fuel stocks, Harvard University's President Drew Faust's office issued her second statement on climate change and sent a an email...
New Meme Emerging for Climate Change
(0) Comments | Posted March 26, 2014 | 4:57 PM
The prevailing wisdom has been that there's very little we can actually do about climate change. Even environmentalists are prone to admit, after strenuously arguing the opposite, that there is little hope given the amount of money controlled by the fossil fuel industry. As the International Forum on Globalization observed...
Natural Gas No Fit for GE's Ecomagination
(3) Comments | Posted March 14, 2014 | 2:59 PM
Remember back in 2005 when General Electric (GE) launched its Ecomagination initiative? Its purpose, as the liberal news site Grist put it at the time, was "to ramp up development of clean technologies and lighten the company's Goliath-like environmental footprint." A noble effort indeed.
Climate Change Forcing Beverage Markets to Adapt
(0) Comments | Posted February 26, 2014 | 10:51 AM
Last month, the Seattle Times reported on a White House state dinner in honor of President Francois Hollande. The wines were chosen for being among the U.S.'s vineyards that are owned or run by French vignerons and included Long Shadow's Chester-Kidder red blend 2009 from Walla Walla, Washington.
Markets Aid Environmentalists' Efforts to Curb Oil Drilling in Alaska
(1) Comments | Posted February  5, 2014 | 6:44 PM
Last Thursday, environmentalists won a major victory when Royal Dutch Shell halted oil drilling operations in the Chukchi Sea. An environmental coalition successfully sued to reverse the U.S. government's 2008 decision that opened Alaska to drilling. The decision was only a partial victory, but it was...
Upping the Ante on Climate Change Media Coverage
(2) Comments | Posted January 22, 2014 | 11:00 AM
The top story on Thursday's New York Times mobile edition was titled "U.N. Says Lag in Confronting Climate Woes Will be Costly." Why was the newspaper featuring a story on something that's so unpopular? Just one year ago, the paper had to cancel its green blog...
Collaboration, Not Heros, Drives Shifts in Climate Change
(0) Comments | Posted January  8, 2014 | 12:10 PM
When I heard in late December that Bill McKibben had written another article for Rolling Stone , I was thrilled. His July 2012 piece for that publication -- " Global Warming's Terrifying Math " -- started a firestorm. McKibben had determined that the public was losing interest in battling...
Is Carbon Pricing a Diversion From the Real Story?
(1) Comments | Posted December 19, 2013 | 2:20 PM
One of the more solid tenets of Big Oil dogma has always been that carbon pricing, whether a straightforward tax or a market-based cap-and-trade system, is terrible and conservatives must stand in unison against it. Daily Caller reporter Michael Bastach, a former Koch Institute Intern, confirmed this recently:...
Catastrophic Aggression From Fossil Fuel Producers
(0) Comments | Posted December  4, 2013 | 2:50 PM
Three recent headlines offer disturbing news to climate advocates. Together, they show catastrophic aggression from the fossil fuel producers.
First, The Huffington Post reported on predictions from the International Energy Agency (IEA) that the U.S. will by bypass both Saudi Arabia and Russia in oil...

Mayor de Blasio  Please Add Climate Change to Your Progressive Agendareddit
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio addressed the shock and dismay of progressives at the losses suffered in the mid-term elections in the best possible way: by telling them to stiffen their backbones.  I couldn't agree more.  Democrats have bent over backwards to appear "moderate" or mainstream, weakening what could be truly progressive positions  and in some cases completely abandoning their morality (and their base) altogether. The result has been low enthusiasm, low turnout and democratic bloodletting.
Mayor de Blasio is urging democrats to have a sincere, profound and truly progressive vision for the future, based on guts, values and true passion for people's rights and equality, not to wishy-washy themselves into oblivion.  He understands that elections are all about passion -- the party that has it wins.  Right now the Tea Party has passion -- never mind that they are the party of crazy; never mind that they lambast science and reason at every turn. They have passion to equal their campaign cash and they are winning.
So it was such a breath of fresh air when I heard Mayor de Blasio speak last week on Chris Hayes' show about a renewal of progressive values and how progressives have to step up to the plate. The Mayor inspired me and others to ask him to add climate change to his own progressive agenda by speaking out against the Keystone XL pipeline. Any truly progressive push must reject dirty energy, must begin to develop a comprehensive plan for New York City that is both a defense against climate change while at the same time innovating and encouraging a truly world-class renewable energy development strategy.
So please Mr. Mayor, take some of our inspiration to heart and stand with us to fight Keystone XL, to fight for New York City and to deepen our progressive values as we move into the future.  Please endorse the letter below, co-signed by so many wonderful folks and organizations and let's begin to do the work of the future in New York City now!
Thank you!
Josh Fox
Dear Mayor de Blasio,
We write to humbly and respectfully request your presence, enthusiasm, oration and advocacy in our protest of the congressional vote to approve the Keystone XL pipeline.
The Keystone XL pipeline, if approved would bring dirty tar sands oil- dubbed, the dirtiest oil on the planet, to refineries in the USA from Alberta Canada.
We are planning a rally and press conference on the steps of City Hall on Tuesday November 18th at 10am and we would like you to stand with us in opposition to the pipeline.  The press conference and rally will feature leading speakers from the environmental movement, notable cultural figures from New York and people on the front lines of the climate change movement.  We need you to stand with us, make a speech in favor of protecting New York City from climate change by opposing the Keystone XL pipeline.
As you may know, James Hansen of NASA said that the if Keystone XL pipeline allowed the tar sands to be drained it was " essentially game over" for the planet and Bill McKibben of 350.org calls it the "fuse to the biggest carbon bomb on the planet."  Protest actions to the Keystone XL pipeline have gathered over 1 million signatures and have moved people to the largest civil disobedience action on the climate in history.
We deeply appreciate your recent writing that progressives need to have a "backbone" and "bold new approach" for the future.  Standing up for our environment, against dirty oil, against the Keystone XL pipeline is a central pillar of this bold new progressive vision.
Bloomberg News ranks New York City the 3rd most vulnerable city to economic damage due to climate change.  New York city needs to immediately address issues of climate as a top priority in new programs and governance in the future.  We are ready to work with your administration and the city to provide key aspects of that bold new vision.  We must stand united against the Keystone XL pipeline and move quickly to develop renewable energy programs, and create a sustainable economics for the future.
Our city is so vulnerable to rising tides and swelling storm surge, New York cannot afford any more climate disruption. Game over for climate means game over for New York City.  Stand with us, stand up to big oil and stand up for New York City.  We need you to help us change the game and push forward this bold new vision.
With great hope, admiration and respect,
Individuals:

AMPY mobile charger uses body-motion to rechargeStory
LBNL Science
Virat Markandeya        Edition: Nov 23, 2014
Running half an hour can provide three hours of smartphone recharge
Recharging drained smartphone batteries at the end of a long day or during travel often requires a rush for plug points at airports or cafes. A company called AMPY says it has found a way to cut through all that by using kinetic energy - the movements of our body - to store energy in a square, palm-sized device holding a lithium ion battery and later provide recharge capability on demand. Using the AMPY alongside a half-hour run, for example, may provide three hours of smartphone recharge.
BACKSTORY
AMPY began as MyPower, a project that was started at Northwestern University by three engineering PhDs - Tejas Shastry, Alex Smith, and Mike Geier - who met at an entrepreneurship class. Shastry says there was no specific incident that triggered the work; they simply wanted a less bulky way to charge their phones. The three had worked in industry and brought in varied but focused expertise to bear on the AMPY design. Geier, for example, had worked at a battery start-up and knew about polymers to use in its design. Smith and Shastry had worked with solar technologies like thin-film photovoltaics, and were experts at energy harvesting - storing energy to use in snappy wireless devices.
HOW IT WORKS
Innards of the AMPY box
AMPY uses inductors - coils used in power transformers - to capture the body's kinetic energy. The architecture of the inductors packs them in a small-size form, while still creating significant power to make it competitive with other technologies. "We came up with a better inductor for charging," says Shastry.
Any movement can recharge the device, whether it be the bumps in your backpack while you walk, or, as one Buzzfeed article puts it, you can even attach it to your dog.
According to the company, commercial kinetic chargers that generate the same energy would need three times AMPY's size and weight, which is about that of a human palm and as heavy as a smartphone. The details of the inductor architecture are pending patents. AMPY also comes with an add-on app that estimates the calories burnt and energy generated. Its stored recharge is available for months and connects to USB ports.
LEARNING CURVE
AMPY's inductors and other components - a circuit board and a battery - are housed in case that is produced by 3-D printing in a process called injection moulding. The case has to attach to the curves of an arm or a leg and not come off. But making such curves within the limited budget was not easy. AMPY had to find a way of keeping the curves but also manage cost to get prototypes ready.
BREAKING OUT
After winning the Northwestern University venture challenge in 2013, AMPY, then called MyPower, worked with Dragon Innovation to test and fine tune the product. It won the Cool Idea award in 2014 and has already been crowdfunded by Kickstarter to about $195,000 out of a $100,000 goal though the campaign has about two weeks to go at the time of writing.
PLATFORM PITCH
What AMPY is aiming for is to get the technology to power wearable devices like smartwatches so that they are charged from the motion of our bodies and don't need to be plugged in. If so, it will need to reduce the size of its product even further but the team has already demonstrated its innovative capability.
WHAT ELSE IS OUT THERE
A single atomic layer material called molybdenum disulfide that can create an electric charge when it is stretched or compressed. In a letter published in the journal Nature this October, researchers showed it could indeed be strongly piezoelectric. Such a material could harvest energy from the environment to integrate into wearable products.
FUTURE PLANS
The company is now running a Kickstarter campaign that closes in November but has already been funded to almost double its pledged amount. The product is expected to ship mid-2015 to the Kickstarter backers and has a pre-sale price of $95. AMPY did not want to disclose the companies it is in talks with for wearables.

Jolla smartphone: The rebel oneUS firm warns against attaching to unknown wi-fi connections
With a flurry of phones making their way into the Indian market, consumers are looking at more unique products be it design or feature-wise. This is where Jolla fills the void. The Finnish startup has recently introduced a smartphone into the market powered by the all new self-developed Sailfish OS (Linux-based) offering consumers an alternative to Android, Windows Phone, BlackBerry and iOS platforms.
Why are we calling it the rebel one? That is a small note in history which says—Jolla was founded by former-Nokia employees involved with the development of MeeGo OS and the ill-fated Nokia N9 phone it powered. The group of employees decided to take forward the Linux-based OS to the next level and ensure that it doesn’t die a death of oblivion following Nokia’s abandonment of MeeGo and then finally the company ending up being bought over by Microsoft. Another interesting fact about Jolla is that it launched the phone in India knowing fully well that the large share of the still maturing smartphone market is dominated by Google’s Android OS.
Before getting into the specifications and other details about the phone it is important to understand that Jolla offers something unique. The phone operates only on gestures and the company claims that the phone can be used with only one hand curtailing the fussy handling of several rival companies. Here is what we found about Jolla once we took a sneak peek under the hood.
Design: Well, Jolla isn’t a pretty girl but it is not downright ugly as well. It looks more like a muscle-boy built in two parts kind of like a sandwich. The front half has rounded sides and is flat on the top and bottom, while the other half is just the opposite making the look a lot like the Nokia N9. Although the phone has no touch buttons at the front in the lower panel or at the side, there is a lot of plastic around the screen making the front face totally blank. A notification LED is cleverly disguised on the lower front and the physical buttons and ports are all in predictable places on the top and right but as mentioned earlier all software interaction happens using gestures.
Display: Surprisingly the Jolla delivers more than expected picture quality. It sports a 4.5 inch qHD display with an IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen with 16M colours that delivers 245 ppi pixel density. Also, Jolla uses a multitouch input method for its touchscreen with a maximum upto five fingers. Coming to the camera, the phone features an 8 MP rear camera alongside an LED flash, and a 2 MP front-facing camera as well. Although the camera app offers a number of granular settings but misses out on Panorama and HDR modes. It takes decent pictures and selfies in daylight and the back camera also supports full HD video recording but the quality is not excellent.
Hardware and performance: Don’t undermine the phone just by its simple sandwich looks. With a 1.4 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 dual-core processor and 1GB of RAM under the hood, the Jolla comes with 16 GB storage expandable via microSD card to 64 GB. Almost 13.7 GB storage is available to the end users after the purchase. Navigating across the home screen, launching and switching between apps appeared to be very smooth. In short, the hardware is well optimised for the Jolla OS and you don’t come across stutter or lag while using native apps. Casual Android games like Cut the Rope and Subway Surfers run smoothly but we were not able to install games such as Riptide GP 2 or Asphalt 8 due to requirement of additional files not available via third-party Android app stores.
Connectivity: The phone supports 2G, 3G and also 4G via any micro-SIM. It also sports Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and USB along with the NFC feature. The phone comes with GPS and A-GPS for navigation and maps and was easily able to lock a signal. Coming to battery life, the 2100mAh battery of the phone helps in achieving a respectable backup. With the phone’s brightness set to automatic and intermittent use of WiFi and 3G, the phone lasted a full day (9-10 hours) with usage comprising few hours of phone calls, casual gaming, an hour of web browsing and accessing Twitter and Facebook, in addition to clicking a few pictures.
Software:  This is the most strongest and most unique feature of the phone. It operates on the Sailfish OS—an open source platform based on MeeGo that also supports Android apps. The navigation is totally gesture based, somewhat like BlackBerry 10. The user unlocks the phone via a double tap gesture and then navigates across three different screen panels—the lock screen displays the time, notifications and status bars, the second one is the Home screen that presents a live view of running apps and the third one is Launcher that features app shortcuts. To exit apps users need to swipe from the left edge towards the right or vice versa, explore additional options and settings by swiping towards the bottom and get notifications by swiping towards the top. Swiping to the left takes the user back a step in navigation.
The phone ships with the Jolla store and some preloaded Android apps including Twitter, WhatsApp, Facebook, Instagram and Snapdeal apps. The Android apps come with a navigation bar with a back button but also support the swipe to exit gesture. Another core strength of Jolla is its integrated Messages app. It reminds you of the Windows Phone messaging app but this one also brings in support for Google Hangouts in addition to Facebook Messenger and XMPP-based services. Messages are received and send instantly and you can see all your communication threads on a single screen.
Verdict: A value for money experimental product that can soon became a wide sensation due to the gesture-based approach.
Estimated street price: Rs 16,499
TAGS: Jolla Jolla Sailfish OS
More from tech
Digital push: Karnataka launches mobile governance platform In a unique initiative, the Karnataka government on Monday unveiled a multi-modal e-governance platform through which citizens...

5 pros and cons of the Google Android 5.0 Lollipop updateSociete Generale to exit GVK Hancock’s $10-bn coal project
I downloaded the Android 5.0 ‘Lollipop’ update with no expectations and armed with sheer indifference — unlike many self-proclaimed ‘geeks’ who spent weeks on ‘forums’ eagerly lapping up every scrap of information on what Google described as a “quantum leap forward”. I didn’t crawl the web scavenging for tips on how to get the update message to come up on my phone screen at least a day before that ‘nerd’ friend gets it. I don’t change phones every three months, nor do I get a sinking feeling when a bigger, ‘better’ (read more unwieldy) version of any gadget is released within a few months of my buying it. And no, I will never stand in a queue (online or otherwise) to buy a gizmo.
I bought my Nexus 5 from an LG store after I specifically told them: “Black. 32 GB. Keep it aside for me. I’ll come by and collect it after checking it out.” Because ideally, people should run technology, technology should not run people. But then again, the year is not 1992. Here we are in 2014: It’s a wonderful (Google) world. So here goes:
THUMBS UP
BATTERY SAVER MODE: It was nice to see a battery saver pop up on its own (I don’t use a battery saver app). Definitely an improvement and a much-needed confidence building measure that the phone may not, repeat may not, switch off in the middle of an important call. But then again, there is no gaurantee that the battery life will improve. The jury is still out on that one.
TIME UPDATES WHILE CHARGING: It is cool to know exactly how much time it will be before your phone is fully charged. So you can decide whether to have one more coffee before leaving for office. And whether you need to take the charger with you. A nice step up from ‘Charging, 83 per cent’. Oh wait, this is Android. Take the charger with you anyway.
NOTIFICATIONS: You see (only) what you want to see – right on the lock screen. Google has magnanimously given you much more control over app notifications and ‘Priority Mode’ is useful when you just want the phone to shut up. Selectively. There is a timer, too. Thankfully, it works. But everyone is not a fan. It can be slightly confusing. And really, they should just bring back silent mode.
MULTI-USER SUPPORT: If someone else – friends or family – needs to or wants to use YOUR phone, with their own apps, data and settings, they can. Of course, only if you let them. But it is doable with this OS – Temporarily, too. Colleague wants to send an emergency email? Try guest mode. But wait: I think this is a stupid feature except maybe in emergency situations. Because everyone has their own smartphones, right? Of course, if you have sensitive data on your phone, congratulations. No one can snoop. There is also Smart Lock, but I don’t seem to have access to it yet.
TAP & GO: Transferring data from an older Android device to a new smartphone or tablet with Lollipop is incredibly simple: All it takes is just one tap. Very cool.
THUMBS DOWN
TOO MANY COLOURS: To quote a friend, the apps – pretty much everything actually, – shoots up on the screen “like flowerpots on Diwali”. It’s nice initially: Until you notice the explosion of garish colours. There’s red, pink, green, lavender, grey and just too much white as well. Even the contacts are colour-coded. Jarring. And without much point at all. ‘Material design’ and animation is welcome, but overkill is not. I want to look at a phone, not a smorgasboard.
BATTERY DRAIN: This remains an inconvenient truth, despite Google’s ambitious claims. Is this OS also so unreasonable that only a factory reset will (possibly) help fix the battery drain? Why does it happen despite additional safeguards such as swiping away apps when not using them? Oh, this is Android. Excellent battery life is a pipe dream for many of us. But I live in hope.
RECENT APPS SWITCHER: Swipe. Swipe. Swipe. Swipe. Swipe. Say “What?! I thought already closed that!” Swipe. Swipe. Swipe. Swipe. Repeat. Thanks, but no thanks. No one wants to spend a minute or two or five just swiping away a few dozen recent apps. Seriously. Here, Google just didn’t play its ‘cards’ right.
MERGED TABS: And while we are on the subject, it might be a good idea to disable ‘Merge tabs’ on Chrome so that it doesn’t feel like you are playing a video game and trying to kill aliens when actually you are cutting through a maze of your recent tabs. Incredibly, some of the tabs are of finished tasks, such as random Google searches that have no relevance at the moment you are staring at some 30 tabs. Erm, Google actually thought stacking up a cluttered mess is a smart move?
GONE GALLERY: Fine, Google had always meant to kill the Galllery app in favour of Photos. But what about those who have to now take a roundabout route, a detour, to view their pictures? The same goes for the Email app, because all emails will now use Gmail by default. What was the logic behind keeping it then?
PS: No one cares what phone you flaunt, how much you are into technology or how it took an OS to make your life easier. Try Googling things in YOUR head, for a change. ‘No results’, eh? I’m not surprised. It’s ok. Now rush. Find out when the next iPhone is being rolled out. Or what Samsung’s next move will be. Google it. And don’t crib if your annoying cousin in the US gets hold of that phone you’ve been meaning to buy before you do. Relax. There’s still hope for you in life. Or just go ahead and place all your faith in silly, unreliable technology. Good luck, and Godspeed.
TAGS: Android Lollipop Android
More from industry

Karn ready to rise to the occasion in AustraliaKarn Sharma, the only leg-spinner in the squad, will look to make an impression in his idol's country (Source: BCCI)
Written by Bharat Sundaresan | Mumbai | Posted: November 21, 2014 3:30 am | Updated: November 21, 2014 11:02 am
In two weeks’ time, Karn Sharma will board a flight with the Indian squad for his first Test tour to the land of Shane Warne, the man solely responsible for him taking up leg-spin. Here, the 27-year-old leg-spinner talks about his unconventional bowling action, the impact of idolising Warne and how he plans to bowl in Australia. Excerpts.
We have seen you a lot in T20 cricket, how has your bowling developed over the last two years in first-class cricket?
I don’t change much in the longer format. I bowl with the same action and with the same intensity. But I do focus a lot on turning the ball more. If you can turn a couple significantly early on, then you put doubts in the batsman’s head. It’s about doing it consistently so that as a leg-spinner you can bring in your varieties from that point on.
You have a quick-arm action, which is a bit unconventional for a leggie. 
I have bowled the same way, for as long as I can remember. Even though it was slightly unconventional, my coaches always encouraged me to stick with it. I did go through a phase early in my career where I was completely taken in by Shane Warne and even attempted his action briefly in practice.
Did he inspire you to take up leg-spin? 
I used to watch him bowl a lot on television. And I was always fascinated by how he would turn the ball a lot even on pitches in Australia and England, which hardly have anything in them for spinners. And the day I took to the field, I just wanted to bowl leg-spin. Not off-spin or seam-up, nothing. Just wanted to do what Warne does. Then there was that spell he bowled against South Africa in the 1999 World Cup. I still stop whatever I’m doing and watch it whenever they show highlights of that spell.
Has the action helped you in any way?
The biggest advantage with my action is, since it’s so quick-arm, often the batsman’s judgment gets affected by it. It takes him quite some time to get used to it and isn’t always sure about what delivery is coming at him. Or for that matter, the pace at which it’s arriving. For starters, he expects the ball to be flat and not be flighted to any extent. That is where he gets deceived.
Can you recall taking a wicket where the batsman was flummoxed mainly because of your action?
I remember a dismissal two years ago in Hyderabad during a Ranji Trophy game, where the batsman shouldered arms to a googly and was bowled. He was obviously expecting the ball to leave him since it came from a leg-break action. It was similar to how I bowled Mahela Jayawardene through the gate continued…

Melvin Surdin / Alamy
CA rebuff selector Waugh s  marketing  commentThe squad is expected to be named on Monday, with the first Test to start in Brisbane on Dec. 4. (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | Melbourne | Posted: November 21, 2014 4:19 pm
Australia selector Mark Waugh’s refreshingly candid departure from sport media-speak when he let slip that Cricket Australia wanted their Test team selected early for “marketing reasons” was swiftly rebuffed by the governing body on Friday.
Waugh made the comment on ‘Inside Cricket’ a TV chat show, but the governing body said on Friday the team was being selected early to allow them to prepare better.
The makeup of Australia’s team for the four-Test series against India has become a sensitive issue, with fitness worries over captain Michael Clarke and wicketkeeper Brad Haddin.
The squad is expected to be named on Monday, with the first Test to start in Brisbane on Dec. 4, which would prevent selectors from making a decision after candidates play another domestic Sheffield Shield match in the leadup.
“Ideally you would like to see the second round of Sheffield Shield matches but that’s not a decision the selectors have made,” Waugh told Inside Cricket, a TV chat show.
“Cricket Australia have made that. It’s for marketing purposes.”
CA’s team performance chief Pat Howard, however, said in a statement selectors had the “option” to take more time to pick the team, though the governing body added that the squad would fly to Brisbane next week and go into camp ahead of the four-Test series.
“Selector Mark Waugh spoke to Mr Howard this morning and admitted he used the wrong word on Fox Sports last night, stating the early selection of the team was for marketing when he should have said logistics,” CA said.
After Brisbane, Australia play India in Tests in Adelaide, Melbourne and Sydney.

If we didnt have differences  we wouldnt need SAARC: Tshering Tobgaypolitics
Both Narendra Modi and Nawaz Sharif are world leaders, and when they meet, I am optimistic good things are possible, says Bhutan Prime Minister Tshering Tobgay in an interview with Suhasini Haidar.
Bhutan and India’s ties are on an upswing with three high-level meetings in the past six months, including Bhutan Prime Minister Tshering Tobgay’s visit to Delhi in May and Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Pranab Mukherjee’s visits to Thimphu subsequently. As Mr. Tobgay prepares to meet Mr. Modi again in Kathmandu at the SAARC summit on November 26 and 27, he spoke to Suhasini Haidar about bilateral ties as well as the need for SAARC to be a common forum to collaborate on. Edited text of interview:
Just a week away from the SAARC summit…what are your hopes and expectations from the summit in Kathmandu November 26-27?
First of all, this is my first summit, and I am very excited to be able to meet the leaders of all our member countries. It’s also exciting that we will meet so soon after meeting in Delhi, during PM Modi’s swearing-in. So although, SAARC hasn’t met for three years, since 2011 in the Maldives, one feels it hasn’t been so long because of the “mini-summit” thanks to Mr. Modi. At a regional level, it is significant just because it is taking place at all. SAARC is in its 30th year, and we are meeting for only the 18th time. We have to have more summits and more meaningful summits. I am very hopeful for the Kathmandu summit, especially since many of the heads of government attending are new. India’s PM Modi has made it very clear, both in word and in deed that the neighbourhood matters. And even though India-Pakistan talks didn’t take place as planned in August, I am very hopeful that this SAARC summit will be a milestone and a watershed moment in realizing the collective hopes of the region to integrate and prosper together. India is the heartland of SAARC, India must play a leadership role in that.
You sound upbeat, but in the past, leaders themselves have called it a “talk shop”. I ask specifically because in 2010, it was the Bhutan PM who had criticized members, India and Pakistan for allowing their “quarrels” to keep the region back?
Well lets look at it another way…if we did not have bilateral differences, we wouldn’t need a SAARC. The reason we need SAARC desperately to realize our collective potential is, because we have differences. This forum provides for us to go beyond individual differences and in doing so it provides us the platform to reconcile them. A case in point, this room we are sitting in, is historic, because [PM Manmohan Singh and Pakistan PM Gilani met in this room during SAARC 2010]. In 2002, 3 weeks after the parliament attack in India , PM Vajpayee and President Musharraf were shaking hands. This is possible because of SAARC. Imagine if there was no SAARC, we don’t know what might have happened. EU has differences, ASEAN members have differences, in our countries also, member states will have differences. We need SAARC, a common forum to collaborate on. At the minimum it is a safe political stage for them to meet.
But how does Bhutan and other countries feel about the fact that every SAARC summit is overshadowed by India-Pakistan headlines?
Well this is a reality we can’t run away from. If certain issues affect more people, they must take centre-stage. Yes, so many SAARC summits have been dominated by political differences between [India and Pakistan]. That’s no reason to give up. India has already demonstrated its commitment, when PM Modi invited the heads of government to visit, and they all accepted at very short notice. That’s not something a ‘talk shop’ would do. 30 years later, all is not lost. SAARC still exists. We are meeting in Kathmandu, lets see if there is a breakthrough. These three agreements (on energy cooperation, railways, motor vehicles travel) will be a breakthrough if they are signed, and there may be a bigger one. And we will work towards the next summit if not.
Are you worried about PM Modi and PM Sharif not talking there?
From what I saw in New Delhi, I am not worried. Both PMs are world leaders, and when they meet, I am optimistic that good things are possible.
On India-Bhutan ties, it is unprecedented to have had two highest-level bilaterals in 4 months, with both PM Modi and President Mukherjee visiting Thimphu….why do you think it happened?
It is unprecedented, but shows that the level of our cooperation, understanding and trust is also unprecedented.
President Mukherjee said that the securities of both countries are “inextricably linked”. Does India suggest that it will enhance that security?
Our security concerns are intertwined. The cooperation we enjoy right now… there is no reason to review or revise or increase that. There is absolutely no cause for concern. I will answer the question you have not asked but want to….there is a theory that India’s leaders are visiting Bhutan in quick succession, and PM Modi made Bhutan his maiden foreign visit destination because the government is concerned about Bhutan’s security I say, nonsense. Our friendship is deep and this is a celebration of it. These are nonsense theories.
You’re saying this is not linked to China? That China is not a factor in India-Bhutan relations? I ask because reports suggest the Seema Sashatra Bal is planning a series of helipads along the border with Bhutan, so as to boost security, amid other reports of incursions over the Bhutan China boundary….would you comment on those?
China is a factor in India-Bhutan relations in so much as it is a neighbor for both countries. Bhutan has an unresolved border with China. We need to resolve it. And the boundary issue is very important. We have had discussions, 22 rounds of them since 1984, including this year. We have to be extremely careful because this is about our sovereignty, territory that is precious for a small country. Right now, the discussions are going very well with the Chinese. Each bilateral discussions are done carefully, and the negotiations based on the 1988 guiding principles and 1998 agreement for maintenance of peace. Where there have been issues, we have raised them. I have read those reports you refer to, but I have no information on either.
Finally, is democracy in Bhutan irreversible? You have just completed a year in office, and you came in with some high expectations
Well, we have started delivering on some of our promises on paying government employees, on employment, on electricity. We have used this first year well. Is democracy irreversible? Lets ask a simpler question: if people are unhappy, will they be willing to change governments. They did, when they voted us in. We went from 2 seats in the opposition to 32 (out of 47 seats). People do miss the direct involvement of his majesty the King in day to day administration. But his majesty the King himself insists that democracy must succeed in Bhutan.

When Congress sues the President  its likely to failBy Michael Lynch and Rachel Surminsky November 20
(Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
On Tuesday, Politico reported that the House hired Jonathan Turley, a George Washington University law professor, to assist in their attempt to sue President Obama. Turley is now the third lawyer hired by Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) since the House passed a resolution (H. Res. 676) authorizing the lawsuit against Obama in July. The previous two law firms quit before any suits were filed.
Boehner’s lawsuit will seek to challenge Obama’s unilateral decision to delay the enforcement of the Affordable Care Act’s employer mandate requiring all large businesses to provide employee insurance starting in 2014. Boehner argues “the president changed the health care law without a vote of Congress, effectively creating his own law by literally waiving the employer mandate and the penalties for failing to comply with it.”
Congress has long struggled to counter growing executive power. Boehner’s lawsuit seems to be at a disadvantage according to legal experts, who cite countless historical examples of failed congressional lawsuits. While the merits of this case are unlikely to hold up to legal challenge, more generally, Congress has a structural disadvantage with using the courts as a means to thwart executive action. We outline the challenges that Congress faces when pursing legal challenges to executive actions.
1. To sue on behalf of Congress, one must have congressional authorization.
An individual member of Congress is limited in his or her ability to sue the president on behalf of Congress. While members may sue if they sustain a private or personal injury ( Powell v. McCormack ), a member suing on behalf of Congress must have explicit congressional authorization if he or she is claiming to have suffered institutional harm ( Raines v. Byrd ). Current precedent requires authorization from either the House or Senate; therefore potential plaintiffs must garner the support of at least a majority in one or both chambers before they can attempt to sue the president. The authorization granted to Boehner by H. Res 676 should be enough to meet this requirement.
2. Congress must demonstrate that executive action harmed Congress.
Any lawsuit needs to have basis in “imminent, concrete, and particularized” injury. In the context of inter-branch conflicts, this means that the president would have had to act in such a way that his executive action would have undone a previous legislative vote of Congress ( Harrington v. Bush ); precedent describes this as “vote nullification.” Such an executive action must clearly violate provisions outlined in the Constitution.
It is extremely difficult for Congress to establish it has been institutionally harmed. Boehner argues that Obama unconstitutionally altered the ACA by extending deadlines — thus usurping the Article I legislative powers of Congress. Obama counters that this action falls within his broader executive authority to faithfully execute laws.
3. Congress must show that it cannot remedy the situation without involving the courts.
The courts have made it evident through precedent that they do not want to settle inter-branch disputes that can be remedied through legislative action. Congress has to establish that it cannot stop or remedy executive actions through legislation. Additionally, Congress must show it has made a previous attempt to address the executive action (see Goldwater v. Carter and Kucinich v. Obama ). Evidence must be presented that any failures are not simply a result of an inability to overcome political opposition to potentially effective remedies.
Although Congress has made no attempt to legislatively reverse Obama’s deadline changes, Boehner will likely argue that any such attempts would be unable to effectively constrain executive implementation of the ACA. It is unlikely that courts will be swayed by such an argument.
4. There must be a clear remedy that the courts can extend to Congress
In the event of executive overreach, there must be clear remedies that the courts can provide. For example, President Truman issued an executive order to seize and operate steel mills in the face of a strike during the Korean War. The courts remedied this executive action by issuing an injunction to halt Truman’s unilateral overreach ( Youngstown Tube and Sheet Case ).
It is unclear what remedy would be available to the courts in Boehner’s case. An immediate order to enforce the mandate would be logistically infeasible. If the case were to be heard by the courts after January 2015, the mandates would already be in place.
Although Boehner’s lawsuit is not the perfect vehicle to counter Obama’s unilateral actions, the larger point remains that legal action is an ineffective means for Congress to check presidential power. Regardless of the issue, Congress will have a difficult time adhering to the legal requirements outlined above. If Congress wants to effectively address the growing power of the president, it will take bipartisan cooperation by members of both chambers of Congress. A lawsuit authorized by one chamber and supported by members of only one party will not suffice. In short, don’t expect Turley and Boehner’s lawsuit to succeed anytime soon.
Michael S. Lynch is an assistant professor of political science and Rachel A. Surminsky is an undergraduate student at the University of Georgia.

Obamas powerful oration on immigrationBy Jonathan Capehart November 20 Follow @capehartj
In a prime-time address on Thursday President Obama announced his plan to use his executive authority on immigration policy, protecting millions of illegal immigrants from deportation. (AP)
Through a powerful and emotional address that was a forceful reminder of who we are as a nation and our values, President Obama declared his plan to bring an estimated five million undocumented immigrants out of the shadows. The executive order President Obama announced is certainly aggressive. During a background call for reporters earlier in the day, senior administrative officials were adamant that Obama is “on solid legal ground.” After all, every president since Eisenhower has used executive action on immigration. But those officials also stressed that the president will still “work with Congress to fix our broken immigration system.”
As the president laid out, his is a threefold effort on enforcement, deferred action and legal immigration. “Prosecutorial discretion” is what we have been hearing all week to describe the enforcement effort. But Obama put it plainly when he said that the focus should be on “Felons, not families. Criminals, not children.”
The legal immigration piece of his plan focuses on allowing college students studying science and technology to remain in the country permanently. This is a great move. As the president noted, one of the biggest complaints from businesses and others is that the U.S. educates and trains foreign students in these vital fields and then makes it difficult, if not impossible for them to stay and apply their talents here in the country.  Obama will also call for a program that beckons entrepreneurs to come to the U.S. if they have bright ideas and real investors to back them.
The bulk of the estimated five million people affected by Obama’s executive order will come through the Deferred Action for Children of Arrivals ( DACA ). Instituted in June 2012, this program allows undocumented children who came to the U.S. with their parents to remain in the country without fear of deportation. These are the DREAMers. Of course, they have to meet certain criteria. They had to have arrived in this country before turning 16 years old. They had to be under the age of 31 on June 15, 2012. They had to have lived in the country for five years. And they could not have a criminal record. The president’s order will lift the age restriction and the five-year residency requirement for DACA. That means young people between 16 and 30 who were brought to this country as children and entered the U.S. by June 15, 2010 are now eligible to apply for DACA.
The program is also expanding to include the undocumented parents of U.S. citizens or legal permanent residents (green card holders). They will have to undergo a national security background check, a criminal background check and pay taxes. Their DACA status would allow them to work and would last only three years. But they can reapply.
All told, an estimated four million people will be affected by the expansion of DACA alone. But not all undocumented people will be covered.  The undocumented parents of those in DACA will not be eligible for the expansion. For advocates like Erika Andiola and Cesar Vargas, co-directors of Dream Action Coalition, this is worrisome. “We rejoice that many in our undocumented community will no longer live in the shadows or fear being separated from their families,” they said in an emailed statement. “We worry about those who will be left behind, however; what will be the future of millions of undocumented immigrants who don’t qualify?”
Senior administration officials said in that call with reporters earlier today that the attorney general and the homeland security secretary told Obama that he didn’t have the authority to put them under DACA. They also told him he cannot grant outright citizenship to undocumented immigrants. That is a job for Congress. And Obama had a simple message for the body tonight. “[T]o those members of Congress who question my authority to make our immigration system work better, or question the wisdom of me acting where Congress has failed,” he said, “I have one answer:  Pass a bill.”
Obama said he wanted to work with both parties to come up with a “permanent legislative solution.” And he added, “[T]he day I sign that bill into law, the actions I take will no longer be necessary.” Maybe this will spur Congress to meaningful action. Or perhaps this will rile Republicans to continue to do nothing. The Republicans’ rhetoric even before the president spoke suggests the latter.
Despite all that, the president finally stepped up to the plate to help undocumented immigrants while standing up for our national ideals.
Scripture tells us that we shall not oppress a stranger, for we know the heart of a stranger – we were strangers once, too.
My fellow Americans, we are and always will be a nation of immigrants.  We were strangers once, too.  And whether our forebears were strangers who crossed the Atlantic, or the Pacific, or the Rio Grande, we are here only because this country welcomed them in, and taught them that to be an American is about something more than what we look like, or what our last names are, or how we worship.  What makes us Americans is our shared commitment to an ideal – that all of us are created equal, and all of us have the chance to make of our lives what we will.
Today, ‘la promesa de Obama’ will become ‘la accion de Obama.’ The Latino community will remember the courage it took to get here and the tears shed along the way for generations to come,” said Gabriela Domenzain, former director of Hispanic press for Obama for America. “While it’s a bittersweet moment since a permanent fix can only be delivered by Congress, Latino families will know the President’s bold first step sets us on a path to solve a problem many others haven’t even attempted to address.”
The ball, as it has been for at least a year and a half, is in the Republicans’ court.
Follow Jonathan on Twitter: @Capehartj
Jonathan Capehart is a member of the Post editorial board and writes about politics and social issues for the PostPartisan blog.

Shoplifting from Whole Foods and snooping through Uber: Why it matters that modern tech culture lacks humanityBy Caitlin Dewey November 20 Follow @caitlindewey
Emil Michael, senior vice president of business for Uber Technologies Inc., speaks during a Bloomberg Television interview in July 2014. (David Paul Morris/Bloomberg)
Start-up culture, rarely known for its self-awareness or tact, seems to be suffering a particularly strong bout of poor judgment this week.
First Mahbod Moghadam, formerly of lyric-explication site Genius, wrote a guide on shoplifting from Whole Foods for noted “platisher” Thought Catalog. (“I have probably stolen more from Whole Foods markets than any living person,” he begins.) Then Emil Michael, an executive for car-sharing behemoth Uber, suggested smearing a female journalist by mining Uber for details about her personal life. (Not to be outdone, occasional tech investor Ashton Kutcher quickly backed him up .)
The incidents differ in their scale and egregiousness, but they all demonstrate the same unsettling strain of entitlement: the idea that, when it comes to typical laws/ethics/standards of human behavior, tech start-ups and their luminaries are simply above the rules.
Presumably, this isn’t quite the “disruption” tech evangelists are forever gabbing about.
Let’s begin with Emil Michael, the senior vice president for business at Uber, who has fueled several consecutive news cycles off the force of one passing comment at a dinner party. Michael, apparently frustrated by the criticisms of PandoDaily editor Sarah Lacy, told Buzzfeed’s editor-in-chief that he’d like to hire opposition researchers to “dig up dirt” on her — using information from her Uber travel logs.
In the Internet hullabaloo that followed, Michael’s comments were skewered from several angles: as an attack on the press, as a possible invasion of privacy, as a subtly gendered threat from a powerful man to a less powerful woman. (Michael’s defenders, for their part, went after Buzzfeed: The dinner was off-the-record , they claimed, and Buzzfeed should have known better.)
But even if Michael’s comments were off-the-record, why say them? Why even think them? It’s an odd and slippery train of thought, to claim the right to someone else’s secrets — particularly secrets that have nothing to do with their job or their role in public life.
“His remarks showed a lack of leadership, a lack of humanity, and a departure from our values and ideals,” tweeted Travis Kalanick , Uber’s CEO. “Leadership” and “values” are buzzwords, of course, but a lack of humanity — that one sticks. It suggests that Michael failed to place himself properly in the social and ethical order of things.
Meanwhile, on the other side of the country, Mahbod Moghadam was up to shenanigans far less newsworthy — if equally demonstrative. Before his current gig as occasional Thought Catalog freelancer and semi-professional shoplifter, Moghadam helped found Genius, a nascent media powerhouse and industry darling that nabbed $60 million in funding within two years.
At Genius, Moghadam engaged in a wide range of questionably tasteful behavior, from flinging profane commands at Mark Zuckerberg to leaving gross annotations on the manifesto of Santa Barbara murderer Elliot Rodger. (The latter incident prompted Genius to force him out .)
But even given that history, the Whole Foods essay is … pretty astounding. On its face, it’s a straightforward, service-y guide to stealing as much as possible from Whole Foods without getting caught. But beneath that, it’s some kind of parable on the dangers of hubris: Guy graduates from prestigious law school, studies in France, helps found a multimillion dollar company … and ends up moonlighting as a grocery thief, because he can’t give up the preposterously decadent lifestyle he enjoyed as a member of the tech elite.
“The day before I left the company, I went to Whole Foods for one ‘last expense;’ – I got a $100 tub of probiotic green powder and 2 bottles of Veuve Clicquot,” he writes. (Veuve Clicquot, for ye uninitiated, is a French champagne that retails for upwards of $50 a bottle.) “I got home and I had a crisis; I was like…How am I going to survive without unlimited free Whole Foods?!”
(The same way the rest of us survive, maybe?)
Moghadam’s “crisis” is interesting because he tends to characterize it in terms of need: he can’t “survive” without unlimited Whole Foods, or he “needs” $100 of protein per day. It’s the same cultural orientation adopted by Uber executive Michael: that this food, or information, or what have you, should belong to them as a matter of course. They do not have to ask permission, and they certainly don’t have to pay.
In fact, the response to Moghadam’s essay from noted Genius-backer Ben Horowitz echoed Kalanick’s criticism of Michael at Uber: “He is not a nice person for sure,” Horowitz wrote . Later, he tweeted to Moghadam directly, “it’s just a tragedy that you care only about yourself.”
It’s poor form, and probably unfair, to generalize the bad behavior of a few loose-lipped idiots to an entire industry. But recent history has no dearth of antisocial behavior among start-ups and their executives: There’s Mark Zuckerberg, the so-called “worst neighbor in San Francisco,” who’s been loudly renovating his $10-million home for a year and half and allegedly paying college kids to squat in parking spaces so neighbors can’t take them; there’s Brooks Buffington and Tyler Droll, the frat bros/Yik Yak founders who pushed their best friend out of the company for profit — or so a new lawsuit claims ; there’s the well-publicized and litigated texts of former Tinder CMO Justin Mateen, who sent frequent abuse and demands to his then-co-worker, and ex-girlfriend, during work hours .
It all amounts, in Kalanick’s words, to a distinct lack of humanity.
Perhaps that springs from the role we’ve given start-ups in culture — the fact that we’ve anointed their founders as modern-day prophets, cultural golden boys that can, by virtue of their creations, do no wrong. We’ve turned a collective blind eye to so much that is wrong among tech start-ups — just try Googling “Uber labor” — that perhaps it emboldens individual people in that industry, too.
And that matters a lot, frankly, given that these individuals are shaping our technology — and thus, our lives.
“Culture eats strategy for breakfast, technology for lunch, products for dinner, and soon thereafter everything else, too,” the renowned management consultant Peter Drucker once famously said . In other words, the values and ideals of a company matter more than anything — it’s the culture that determines the company and everything else that comes from it.
Unfortunately, the culture these days doesn’t look that great.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Obama speech transcriptIn a prime-time address on Thursday President Obama announced his plan to use his executive authority on immigration policy, protecting millions of illegal immigrants from deportation. (AP)
November 20
A transcript of President Obama’s remarks on immigration..
OBAMA: My fellow Americans, tonight I’d like to talk with you about immigration. For more than 200 years, our tradition of welcoming immigrants from around the world has given us a tremendous advantage over other nations.
OBAMA: It’s kept us youthful, dynamic, and entrepreneurial. It has shaped our character as a people with limitless possibilities. People not trapped by our past, but able to remake ourselves as we choose.
But today, our immigration system is broken, and everybody knows it. Families who enter our country the right way and play by the rules watch others flout the rules. Business owners who offer their wages good wages benefits see the competition exploit undocumented immigrants by paying them far less. All of us take offense to anyone who reaps the rewards of living in America without taking on the responsibilities of living in America. And undocumented immigrants who desperately want to embrace those responsibilities see little option but to remain in the shadows, or risk their families being torn apart.
It’s been this way for decades. And for decades we haven’t done much about it. When I took office, I committed to fixing this broken immigration system. And I began by doing what I could to secure our borders.
During his speech on immigration reform, President Obama called on illegal immigrants to "come out of the shadows" and "get right with the law." (AP)
Today we have more agents and technology deployed to secure our southern border than at any time in our history. And over the past six years illegal border crossings have been cut by more than half.
Although this summer there was a brief spike in unaccompanied children being apprehended at our border, the number of such children is actually lower than it’s been in nearly two years.
Overall the number of people trying to cross our border illegally is at its lowest level since the 1970s. Those are the facts.
Meanwhile, I worked with Congress on a comprehensive fix. And last year 68 Democrats, Republicans, and independents came together to pass a bipartisan bill in the Senate. It wasn’t perfect. It was a compromise. But it reflected common sense. It would have doubled the number of Border Patrol agents, while giving undocumented immigrants a pathway to citizenship, if they paid a fine, started paying their taxes and went to the back of the line. And independent experts said that it would help grow our economy and shrink our deficits.
Had the House of Representatives allowed that kind of bill a simple yes or no vote, it would have passed with support from both parties. And today it would be the law. But for a year and a half now Republican leaders in the House have refused to allow that simple vote. Now I continue to believe that the best way to solve this problem is by working together to pass that kind of common sense law. But until that happens, there are actions I have the legal authority to take as president, the same kinds of actions taken by Democratic and Republican presidents before me, that will help make our immigration system more fair and more just.
Tonight I’m announcing those actions.
OBAMA: First, we’ll build on our progress at the border with additional resources for our law enforcement personnel so that they can stem the flow of illegal crossings and speed the return of those who do cross over.
President Obama announced new action to delay the deportation of about 4 million undocumented immigrants living in the U.S. Here are some numbers to know about immigration. (Julie Percha/The Washington Post)
Second, I’ll make it easier and faster for high-skilled immigrants, graduates and entrepreneurs to stay and contribute to our economy, as so many business leaders proposed.
Third, we’ll take steps to deal responsibly with the millions of undocumented immigrants who already had live in our country.
I want to say more about this third issue, because it generates the most passion and controversy. Even as we are a nation of immigrants, we’re also a nation of laws. Undocumented workers broke our immigration laws, and I believe that they must be held accountable, especially those who may be dangerous.
That’s why over the past six years deportations of criminals are up 80 percent, and that’s why we’re going to keep focusing enforcement resources on actual threats to our security. Felons, not families. Criminals, not children. Gang members, not a mom who’s working hard to provide for her kids. We’ll prioritize, just like law e enforcement does every day.
But even as we focus on deporting criminals, the fact is millions of immigrants in every state, of every race and nationality still live here illegally.
And let’s be honest, tracking down, rounding up and deporting millions of people isn’t realistic. Anyone who suggests otherwise isn’t being straight with you. It’s also not who we are as Americans.
After all, most of these immigrants have been here a long time. They work hard often in tough, low paying jobs. They support their families. They worship at our churches. Many of the kids are American born or spent spent most of their lives here. And their hopes, dreams, and patriotism are just like ours.
As my predecessor, President Bush, once put it, they are a part of American life.
Now here is the thing. We expect people who live in this country to play by the rules. We expect those who cut the line will not be unfairly rewarded. So we’re going to offer the following deal: If you’ve with been in America more than five years. If you have children who are American citizens or illegal residents. If you register, pass a criminal background check and you’re willing to pay your fair share of taxes, you’ll be able to apply to stay in this country temporarily without fear of deportation. You can come out of the shadows and get right with the law. That’s what this deal is.
Now let’s be clear about what it isn’t. This deal does not apply to anyone who has come to this country recently. It does not apply to anyone who might come to America illegally in the future. It does not grant citizenship or the right to stay here permanently, or offer the same benefits that citizens receive. Only Congress can do that. All we’re saying is we’re not going to deport you.
I know some of the critics of the action call it amnesty. Well, it’s the not. Amnesty is the immigration system we have today. Millions of people who live here without paying their taxes or playing by the rules, while politicians use the issue to scare people and whip up votes at election time. That’s the real amnesty, leaving this broken system the way it is. Mass amnesty would be unfair. Mass deportation would be both impossible and contrary it to our character.
What I’m describing is accountability. A common sense middle- ground approach. If you meet the criteria, you can come out of the shadows and get right with the law. If you’re a criminal, you’ll be deported. If you plan to enter the U.S. illegally, your chances of getting caught and sent back just went up.
The actions I’m taken are not only lawful, they’re the kinds of actions taken by every single Republican president and every single Democratic president for the past half century.
And to those members of Congress who question my authority to make our immigration system work better or question the wisdom of me acting where Congress has failed, I have one answer: Pass a bill. I want to work with both parties to pass a more permanent legislative solution. And the day I sign that bill into law, the actions I take will no longer be necessary.
OBAMA: Meanwhile, don’t let a disagreement over a single issue be a deal breaker on every issue. That’s not how our Democracy works, and Congress shouldn’t shut down our government again just because we disagree on this.
Americans are tired of gridlock. What our country needs right now is a common purpose, a higher purpose. Most Americans support the types of reforms I’ve talked about tonight, but I understand with the disagreements held by many of you at home.
Millions of us, myself included, go back generations in this country, with ancestors who put in the painstaking work to become citizens. So we don’t like the notion anyone might get a free pass to American citizenship.
I know some worry immigration will change the very fabric of who we are, or take our jobs, or stick it to middle-class families at a time they already feel they’ve gotten a raw deal for over a decade. I hear those concerns, but that’s not what these steps would do.
Our history and the facts show that immigrants are a net plus for our economy and our society. And I believe it’s important that all of us have this debate without impugning each other’s character.
Because for all the back and forth in Washington, we have to remember that this debate is about something bigger. It’s about who we are a country and who we want to be for future generations.
Are we a nation that tolerates the hypocrisy of a system where workers who pick our fruit and make our beds never have a chance to get right with the law? Or are we a nation that gives them a chance to make amends, take responsibility, and give their kids a better future?
Are we a nation that accepts the cruelty of ripping children from their parents’ arms, or are we a nation that values families and works together to keep them together? Are we a nation that educates the world’s best and brightest in our universities only to send them home to create businesses in countries that compete against us, or are we a nation that encourages them to stay and create jobs here, create businesses here, create industries right here in America? That’s what this debate is all about.
We need more than politics as usual when it comes to immigration. We need reasoned, thoughtful, compassionate debate that focuses on our hopes, not our fears. I know the politics of this issue are tough, but let me tell you why I have come to feel so strongly about it. Over the past years I’ve seen the determination of immigrant fathers who worked two or three jobs without taking a dime from the government, and at risk any moment of losing it all just to build a better life for their kids. I’ve seen the heartbreak and anxiety of children whose mothers might be taken away from them just because they didn’t have the right papers. I’ve seen the courage of students who except for the circumstances of their birth are as American as Malia or Sasha, students who bravely come out as undocumented in hopes they could make a difference in the country they love.
These people, our neighbors, our classmates, our friends, they did not come here in search of a free ride or an easy life. They came to work, and study and serve in our military. And, above all, contribute to American success.
Now tomorrow I’ll travel to Las Vegas and meet with some of these students, including a young woman named Astrid Silva. Astrid was brought to America when she was 4 years old. Her only possessions were a cross, her doll, and the frilly dress she had on. When she started school, she didn’t speak any English. She caught up to other kids by reading newspapers and watching PBS. And then she became a good student. Her father worked in landscaping. Her mom cleaned other people’s homes. They wouldn’t let Astrid apply to a technology magnet school, not because they didn’t love her, but because they were afraid the paperwork would out her as an undocumented immigrant. So she applied behind their back and got in.
Still, she mostly lived in the shadows until her grandmother, who visited every year from Mexico, passed away, and she couldn’t travel to the funeral without risk of being found out and deported. It was around that time she decided to begin advocating for herself and others like her. And today Astrid Silva a college student working on her third degree.
Are we a nation that kicks out a striving, hopeful immigrant like Astrid?
OBAMA: Or are we a nation that finds a way to welcome her in? Scripture tells us, we shall not oppress a stranger, for we know the heart of a stranger. We were strangers once, too.
My fellow Americans, we are and always will be a nation of immigrants. We were strangers once, too. And whether our forbearers were strangers who crossed the Atlantic, or the Pacific or the Rio Grande, we are here only because this country welcomed them in and taught them that to be an American is about something more than what we look like or what our last names are, or how we worship. What makes us Americans is our shared commitment to an ideal, that all of us are created equal, and all of us have the chance to make of our lives what we will. That’s the country our parents and grandparents and generations before them built for us. That’s the tradition we must uphold. That’s the legacy we must leave for those who are yet to come.
Thank you. God bless you. And God bless this country we love.

The average student debt burden in each state--in one alarming mapBy Danielle Douglas-Gabriel November 20 Follow @DaniDougPost
(AP Photo/Northwest Florida Daily, Nick Tomecek)
It may house some of the most esteemed colleges in the country, but if you want to graduate without backbreaking debt, steer clear of schools along the eastern seaboard. That's what a series of new reports seem to suggest.
Based on those reports from the College Board, the Institute for College Access & Success and data from the Department of Education, personal finance site Debt.com created a nifty interactive map that shows the average student debt and defaults by state in 2013. And it is not pretty on the east side.
Six of the 10 states with the highest debt loads are located in the Northeast. New Hampshire topped the list, with graduates leaving school with an average $32,795, about 11 percent higher than the national average of $28,400. The state is home to a number of private schools, including Dartmouth College, with tuition, room and board exceeding $40,000 a year.
In a close second, Delaware graduated students with an average $32,571 in debt, while Rhode Island, Connecticut, Maine and South Carolina all recorded debt loads above the national average. Many of these states also had double-digit default rates.
Graduates of Midwestern colleges barely fared any better than those on the East Coast, with colleges in Iowa, Minnesota and Wisconsin saddling borrowers on average with over $28,000 in debt.
Seven of the states with the lowest debt loads are in the West. New Mexico boasted the lowest average debt in the nation, with students graduating with $18,656 on average. Yet the state has one of the nation's worst default rates at 20.8 percent.
There are a myriad of reasons why debt and default rates vary from state to state, including the availability of need-based state grant aid, cost of living, the ratio of private to public schools and the amount of students forking over out-of-state tuition. There is a significant concentration of private liberal arts schools on the east coast. Public schools across the country, meanwhile, have suffered from state disinvestment over the years, which led to increases in tuition and a focus on attracting out-of-state students to pay higher rates.
The data in the chart only represents public and private non-profit schools, not for-profit colleges, which declined to supply data to any of the researchers.
Have questions about student debt? Send them to danielle.douglas@washpost.com.
Related:

How to craft a successful careerHow to craft a successful career
An interview with Etsy CEO Chad Dickerson
By Lillian Cunningham November 20 Follow @lily_cunningham
The chief executive of Etsy, Chad Dickerson, tells The Post's Lillian Cunningham about his efforts to resist becoming your stereotypical CEO. (Lillian Cunningham, Julio Negron, Jayne Orenstein and Randolph Smith/The Washington Post)
Chad Dickerson says he doesn’t believe in perfect career ladders. He studied Shakespeare in college, worked as a Pizza Hut deliveryman after graduation and eventually found his way into digital jobs at companies like Yahoo and CNN. He is now the chief executive of Etsy, one of the largest and fastest-growing commerce sites on the Web. It’s a technology platform where artisans can sell their crafts, such as handmade jewelry, clothing and art. And in 2013, the Etsy marketplace saw more than $1.35 billion in sales.
Dickerson oversees the roughly 600 employees—based in Brooklyn, N.Y., though there are now offices around the globe—who keep the site running and growing. And unlike many tech-related companies, Etsy has an even split of men and women on staff.
In this interview with Dickerson for our On Leadership series, he talks about his path to being CEO, the challenges he wrestles with and why being an English major proved so useful in business. The conversation has been edited for length and clarity.
Q. What larger insights into people's relationship to work and creativity have you gleaned from running Etsy?
A. You hear the phrase “work-life balance” a lot. What we’ve learned from Etsy sellers, and what I’ve learned as a leader, is what people really want is work-life integration. It’s not really a 50-50 thing. It’s about being able to integrate those two sides of your life into a coherent whole.
We have many mothers and fathers, taking care of kids at home, who are making things and selling them on Etsy. One of the things we hear is that the flexibility to spend time with your family while doing something you love is really important.
Q. A big part of Etsy’s model is that people create goods that are unique. Across the retail landscape, have you seen a rise in consumers’ desire for uniqueness?
A. I think there’s a real fatigue with the sameness of mass-market retail. There was a time when everyone wanted to wear the same shoes, the same shirt, the same jewelry. We’ve entered a time where that fatigue means consumers want things that are different from what everyone else has. There’s also this renaissance in building and making really interesting, unique things. It’s an entirely different retail environment.
Q. Do you think that desire is new, or it just wasn’t satisfied before?
A. I think it’s a little bit of both, actually. The Internet was really a catalyst. As soon as people realized they can get things that are beautiful and customized and personal, it fed a desire for more of those things.
Q. How many sellers on Etsy do that as their primary job?
A. Eighteen percent of our sellers do it full time. But 74 percent consider it a business, even if they do it part time, so we don’t really equate full time with the level of seriousness.
Q. What do the best sellers on Etsy have in common?
A. The best sellers on Etsy have really great photography. They also tell stories about themselves, how they’re inspired, how they make the things they sell. Those are the keys to being successful on Etsy.
Q. What’s your biggest management challenge as CEO?
A. The biggest management challenge is always talent management, both bringing in new talent and developing the talent we have. New York is just as competitive a market as Silicon Valley, so I spend a lot of time personally recruiting and developing our existing employees. I really believe that if we have the right talent in place, we can solve any challenge that we come up against. The right talent is always, always going to give you a huge advantage.
Q. What do you see as your main goal, the one thing you ultimately want to leave to the company?
A. Etsy has been around for 10 years, which by Internet standards is pretty significant time, but we really want to build a company that’s around for generations. The long-term goal is to build an economy that really values people, values makers, values personal connections and things like authorship and provenance over just price and convenience. I see the opportunity for Etsy to create a new model for how commerce is done in the world.
We’re in an age where people have a hunger for belonging and meaning and connection, so I think our view of commerce can really play a role in that. We can use commerce to bring communities together, use the Internet to connect people instead of isolate people.
Q. What are your latest thoughts about the possibility of taking Etsy public?
A. I think about keeping Etsy as an independent company more than a public company. We serve a really great community and a lot of people depend on us to make a living, to deliver supplemental income. I mean, I’ve said in the past that being a public company could be an outcome for Etsy, but for me it’s more about the company always maintaining its independence and its point of view. Of course the company could take different forms in its lifetime to achieve that, but I think it’s really about independence and self-determination.
Q. What is the workplace culture at Etsy?
A. Etsy is very much a values-based culture. Employees really care about how we run the business and that we’re delivering social good. It’s also a really fun place. We have an annual talent show where you see everything from comedy troupes to bands to dancers. There’s this creative heart that Etsy has. You see it in the marketplace, but it very much exists inside the company as well.
Q. You took extended paternity leave while CEO. Did you see that partly as an opportunity to establish the culture of the workplace that you run?
A. Two years ago, my wife and I were going through an adoption process. And at the height of the holiday shopping season for Etsy, we got a call that said, “You have to be in Seoul, South Korea, on December 10.”
I had to make a choice about how to deal with building my family while also being CEO of a company that was growing really quickly. I really saw that as a moment to set the tone for the culture of the company, and also to set the tone for how I can be both a CEO and a father. It didn’t take me very long to decide what to do. I went to the board and explained that this was a really important event in my life and that I wanted to take the full paternity leave. I gave them a plan, and the board was completely supportive.
I’ve heard since then that it meant a lot to people inside the company. They actually saw me have a real choice to make and demonstrate what my values were—and what the company’s values were—through actions and not just words. That was a really, really important moment for the company, but also for me and my family. It was the best possible way that I could have spent nine weeks during that time.
I did an informal poll of other male leaders outside of Etsy. The thing that was really surprising was that many actually bragged about how little time they took off. You know, “I only took off a few days when my daughter was born, or when my son was born.”
I didn’t want people in the company hearing things like that coming out of leaders’ mouths at Etsy, because I think that’s really harmful. As a leader, you have to take care of your family—because that’s the base, in my mind, of how successful you are in your business. I’d love to see male leaders be more vocal about things like parental leave.
Q. Are there any other areas in which you’ve made a point to lead differently than you’ve seen your peers do?
A. One thing that was very different and frankly a little bit uncomfortable was my first annual review at Etsy. I decided to have a meeting with the executive team about the feedback. I didn’t have a private meeting with the board, or a private meeting with my executive coach. We actually did my review with everyone in the room.
It was an idea I had a few weeks before we did it. Then when the day came, as we walked into the room, I told my coach, “You know, this sounded like a much better idea three weeks ago.” But what I found was that it really solved a problem I had seen in reviews: All this feedback is gathered from colleagues, but the people who provide the feedback never hear you getting it, so in many cases they don’t know if you got it at all.
I found it was really helpful for the team that reported to me to hear me acknowledge some of the things that I needed to improve on. It closed the loop. Demonstrating the ability to receive feedback also shows a certain amount of humility. It was stressful going into that room, but it’s something that we do every year now.
Q. What have you been working hardest to improve in your leadership style?
A. Something I always work on, and it sounds really simple, is just being authentic. There’s kind of an idea in the world that CEOs are brash and dashing and loud. In fact, the night I went home and told my wife that I was going to be CEO of Etsy, the first thing she said to me was, “I don’t want to be married to a CEO.” And I think what she was responding to was this idea of what the CEO should be.
There are all kinds of pressures. On some days, people tell you you’re a genius. On some days, people tell you that you don’t know what you’re doing. So I’m committed in that environment, which is very up and down, to just remaining who I am. When I have to make a hard decision or I’m having trouble with something, I’m always recommitting to being authentic, being honest. That sounds very simple, but it’s super, super important.
Q. I think people are fascinated by how others have found success and moved up in their careers. So what you would credit as the main reason you are now sitting here as the CEO of Etsy, whether it’s a personal trait or someone who helped you or something on your resume?
A. I think it’s taking responsibility and not making excuses. When I’ve seen people struggle as leaders, often it’s because they’re saying, “I could do this if only this other person would do this.”
Throughout my career, I’ve always tried to take total responsibility. You have to be able to work with lots of people to be really successful. I’ve always asked myself, “What can I do to fix this situation?” Or, if I have a relationship issue with someone, I ask myself, “How can I make this relationship better?” As a CEO, one of the things that I’ve learned is that, by definition, to be successful you can’t make excuses. Whatever the problem is in a company, it’s your company.
Q. What’s a truth you believe about leadership?
A. There’s an idea that the organization serves the needs of its leader. I think that’s a really dysfunctional idea. The best leaders, the people I look up to, have an inverted model. They ask: How do I serve the needs of the institution? In a title sense, you’re at the top of the organization. But in a practical sense, you’re at the bottom looking up, trying to lift people up.
Q. Can you tell me about a mistake you made once that taught you a career lesson?
A. At a company I worked for many years ago now, I made a set of mistakes that snowballed into a situation where the company was, for a day, barely operating. I was working in technology, and when the technology’s not working, the company doesn’t work.
I remember feeling like I was backed into a corner. But at that moment when I felt most powerless, I realized I needed to stop worrying about that, go to the CEO, admit the extent of the problem and then put a plan together for how to fix it. It was one of those scenarios where you feel like you might get fired, but what I learned is still true today: People make mistakes. The real test is how you handle the mistakes.
The CEO didn’t fire me. He thanked me for laying out the extent of the problem. And I went and I fixed it. There were many people I could have theoretically blamed, but I didn’t do that. The handling of that was a big moment for me.
Q. What prompted you to respond that way? A lot of people probably would have defaulted to pointing fingers.
A. Taking responsibility is definitely something my dad taught me. When I was a kid, my dad would wake us up in the morning to chop wood to feed the wood stove in the winter. I remember one morning I was complaining, and my dad said, “Do you want to be cold?” I said, “No.” And he said, “Okay, well let’s get up and chop wood.” There was no magic to it. It was just that sense of knowing what you have to do and being no-nonsense about it.
In the case of the software system that was keeping the company from operating, I may have heard echoes in my mind of, “Do you want the company not to work?” And since my answer to myself was, “No,” I didn’t have time to fret. I just had to go into action.
Q. You were an English major in college. How do you think that has influenced you as a CEO?
A. It has been really influential to me. A liberal arts education in part teaches you storytelling. It teaches you how to write well. It teaches you the greater truths of existence. I focused on Shakespeare, and the reason Shakespeare is still so relevant today is because it’s timeless. In many ways, for a CEO, the things you learn in a liberal arts education are more relevant than anything else. And I got to read lots of great plays, which was awesome.
Q. Any leadership lesson you’ve taken from Shakespeare?
A. My lesson from Shakespeare is that human nature doesn’t really change over time. In “King Lear,” you see Lear trying to divide up his kingdom and there are all these different personalities. It’s not that much different than running a company. The vast majority of my time is spent dealing with human nature, and people’s desires and wants and needs.
Q. Since we’re having this conversation in Washington, I’ll ask what policy change you care about the most.
A. We really want to see a free and open Internet. It’s not so much a policy change as a desire to keep the status quo, which is an Internet with no toll lanes so sellers like those on Etsy can grow and thrive. I’ve been working on the Internet now for about 20 years, and I think it’s the greatest economic engine we’ve ever seen. I really don’t want the fundamental freedoms and openness of the Internet to be threatened in anyway.
Q. What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever received?
A. When you’re hiring people, focus on culture and values even more than on specific domain expertise. Whenever I’ve made mistakes in terms of talent, it’s been because somehow I deceived myself into thinking that the talent we need is more important than the culture and the values.
Q. What was your first job?
A. When I graduated from college, I had no idea what I wanted to do, so I had two jobs. One of them was working at a Pizza Hut as a delivery driver. I met a lot of really interesting people, but it also helped me pay the rent. And as I was driving that car around delivering pizza, I had a lot of time to think about my career and my life and what I wanted to do.
There is no perfect ladder. Like John Lennon said once, life happens while you’re making plans. So that was just my life happening, and it was great. I thought about writing a novel at the time, and I wanted to call it Hut of Darkness.
Also in this series:

UN: World Not Close To Avoiding Dangerous WarmingWorld Not Close To Avoiding Dangerous Warming, UN Report Finds
 | By                                                                By SETH BORENSTEIN
Updated:
11/20/2014 10:59 am EST
The sun sets above the air polluted Bosnian town of Tuzla, some 100 km north of Sarajevo, on Saturday, Nov. 1 2014.  (AP Photo/Amel Emric) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) — The world still isn't close to preventing what leaders call a dangerous level of man-made warming, a new United Nations report says. That's despite some nations' recent pledges to cut back on carbon dioxide emissions.
The report looks at the gap between what countries promise to do about carbon pollution and what scientists say needs to be done to prevent temperatures rising another two degrees. The two-degree level is a goal that world leaders set in 2009.
"The time window (for reaching that goal) is closing, closing," said United Nations undersecretary for environment Achim Steiner. And the cost of getting to that goal "is increasing, increasing."
To meet that goal, the world has to hit a peak of carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gases before 2030, said the report's chief scientific editor, Joseph Alcamo. But the study says carbon emissions will continue to soar until 2050 and by then it will be too late.
Using basic math and science, researchers figured out how much greenhouse gas the world can emit by 2030 and keep below that two degree mark: about 46 billion tons (42 billion metric tons). Without factoring in this month's promises by the U.S. and China to reduce emissions, the world will be spewing between 15 and 19 billion tons more than that, said Alcamo, chief scientist for the United Nations' environmental arm.
If the U.S. and China follow through with their promises, they may shave a few billions of tons off the total, said former U.S. Sen. Tim Wirth, vice chairman of the United Nations Foundation. Those pledges and an earlier one by Europe, while narrowing the gap, aren't large enough to close it, Alcamo said.
In his forward to the report, Steiner wrote that the "analysis reveals a worrisome worsening trend. Continued emissions of greenhouse gases will lead to an even warmer climate and exacerbate the devastating effect of climate change."
Outside scientists praised the numbers in the study, but Granger Morgan at Carnegie Mellon University raised a question that scientists have been debating more frequently: Is it time to abandon the two-degree goal as unrealistic?
"Today a two-degree target is akin to a 60-year-old man who resolves to be 25 years old next year," Morgan said in an email. "It ain't gonna happen, but it's time to get really serious about achieving what we can."
Steiner said because of the dangers of a warmer world, it is unthinkable to abandon the two-degree goal.
After the report was released at a Washington news conference, Tommy Remengesau — president of the small island nation of Palau, which is threatened by sea level rise — told The Associated Press that this really isn't about numbers: "For some of us, it's a matter of survival: life and death."
___
United Nations Enviornment Programme: http://www.unep.org/default.asp
Also on HuffPost:

SOMETHING TO BE THANKFUL FORreddit
Could the country's biggest box stores be losing their so-called "War on Thanksgiving"?
Fewer Americans plan to spend their turkey day shopping this year compared to 2013, according to a report released Thursday by the National Retail Federation.
Only 18.3 percent of people (25.6 million people) who said they will shop on Thanksgiving weekend plan to do so on Thanksgiving Day, according to NRF. That's down from the 23.5 percent of holiday shoppers who said they would shop on Thanksgiving Day last year.
The NRF polled 6,593 people, 61.1 percent of whom said they plan to shop either Thursday, Friday, Saturday or Sunday of Thanksgiving weekend. Based on the poll, the NRF expects 140.1 million Americans to shop throughout the course of the weekend, which is down slightly from the 140.3 million expected last year.
The decline comes as more and more of the nation's biggest retailers prepare to kick off their holiday shopping sales on Thanksgiving Day, instead of the following day, known as Black Friday.
Considered the biggest shopping weekend of the year, Black Friday and the days around it have grown into a giant turf war for the nation's brick-and-mortar stores, all struggling to stave off the effects of a sluggish economic recovery and facing fierce competition from online retailers.
Kmart plans to kick off its Black Friday sales at 6 a.m. on Thanksgiving Day , and stay open 42 hours straight. Most Walmart stores will be open all day on Thanksgiving as well, with Black Friday deals starting at 6 p.m.
Jeff Shelman, a spokesman for Best Buy, recently told The Huffington Post that the electronics retailer began stretching its Black Friday shopping into Thanksgiving Day last year after noticing it was losing shoppers to competitors who opened earlier on Thursday.
"The reality is, customers have shown that they want to shop on Thanksgiving evening, and we want to be there to serve those customers," Shelman said.
Deisha Barnett, a spokeswoman for Walmart, said the nation's biggest retailer is "cautiously optimistic" about Thanksgiving weekend.
"Competition is definitely heavy out there," Barnett said. She did not disclose how many shoppers she expects to come out on Thanksgiving this year.
Last year, sales on Black Friday actually fell 13.2 percent compared to 2012 because more shoppers were coming out on Thursday. Stores generally count on holiday shopping for a huge portion of their annual sales.
In recent years, however, this aggressive push has come under scrutiny from shoppers and workers who accuse large retailers of waging war on Thanksgiving -- a day, like Christmas, when stores have historically remained closed. Many low-wage workers now have to sacrifice the holiday to staff store openings that are generally pretty chaotic, and sometimes even dangerous .
That said, retailers maintain that Thanksgiving weekend has become the "Super Bowl" of the retail industry, and that employees generally are pretty excited to work .
Also on HuffPost:

Almost Thanksgiving and Extenders Are Still on the Table. What Does That Mean to Your Taxesreddit
The mid-term elections are over, but -- as of this minute -- Congress has not tackled extending some tax breaks, i.e. that collective group known as the "Tax Extenders", which we address seemingly every couple of years.  The concern is not only whether they pass or not, it is about when.  Early agreement on these extenders is important to individuals and businesses and it is critical for a smooth, timely start to the tax season.  One person that is particularly concerned, and knows a great deal about income tax, is the IRS Commissioner.  Last month, in a letter to the Chairman of the Committee on Finance, he urged members of Congress to quickly address the expired tax provisions otherwise it "would be detrimental to the entire 2015 tax-filing season and to millions of taxpayers if Congress fails to provide a clear policy direction before the end of November."
These, currently expired tax provisions affect many taxpayers, including students, teachers, homeowners, business owners, and even commuters.  For individual taxpayers, deductions and credits that deal with itemized deductions like charitable donations or state and local tax sales taxes, as well as other deductions such as the tuition and fees and teacher's unreimbursed classroom expenses are currently expired.  They also affect taxable income.  For example, taxpayers who were forced to let their house go during the Recession would face an increase in taxable income if their mortgage holder finally completed the foreclosure since the Mortgage Debt Forgiveness is included in the expired tax provisions.  Businesses also lose because of the expiration many tax breaks such as bonus depreciation, the research and development credit, and the increased section 179 election.
Ideally, the extenders will be extended, again and soon, without changes.  Because, at this point, worse than a delay, would be changes.  While the IRS can "turn on" or "off" the extenders, since they have been dealing with extenders for years, changes could wreak havoc this late in the season.  Changes mean: IRS software needs reprogramming, forms need changing, and tax preparation software needs updating.  The IRS is on record indicating that a late bill will delay tax season.  An already complicated tax year because of tax law changes and the new Affordable Care Act rules could be super-sized with a late passage of, or changes to, the extender tax provisions.  What should you expect, what should you watch for, and most importantly, what should you do?
Watch the developments over the coming days as this will be a much-publicized issue.  Regardless of the political drama and tax rule developments, before the holiday chaos really sets in, pull your tax records together, review your year and make notes to consider when preparing your return, and be ready to seek professional assistance if you need it.
Only time will tell if we a get a nice big "tax gift" and the extenders are passed before the end of the year or if all we get is a costly chunk of coal in the form of delayed passage or changes to the extenders.  Millions of early tax filers could have to wait to file their returns; or worse, tax refunds could be lower than expected and tax owed could be higher than expected -- or planned for based on if, when, and in what form, extenders are passed.
Close
Top 8 Financial Worries Of Americans
of

Why the Intersection of Data and Cultural Intelligence Mattersreddit
"Understand your user, and assume nothing,"  says Kate Watts, Managing Director, Huge Washington D.C.
This was just one of the striking comments set forth at a November panel I had an opportunity to moderate in Washington, DC entitled "Learning to Read the Cultural Landscape."  In a world where movers and shakers in the public and private sector scramble to compete for attention across platforms where Nicki Minaj's and Kim Kardashian's derriere's are high on the radar of the masses today, the question many professionals ask themselves is how to rise above the noise and capture the attention of today's popular culture, tech-savvy influencer.
In an era ripe with trust deficit coupled with glorification of the self(ie), successful professionals must become better experts at deciphering trends in digital behavior, leveraging lifestyle, and linking into public sentiment in a more consistent and organic manner.  In order to address such concerns, prominent individuals from both the public and private arenas came together in rare appearance to discuss challenges, triumphs and tips for the audience consisting of members from non-profits, public policy and commercial spaces.
As audience sipped wine from Washington Wine Academy, welcoming remarks were provided by Intel's Lisa Malloy who noted that the goal to become more entrenched in the modern consumer lifestyle, particularly that of milllennials, has been part of what has led to the company's interest in both wearable technology and Internet of Things. Introductory remarks by marketing software company Constant Contact echoed the need to leverage digital platforms to drive consumer and constituent connection.
Digital, however, is only the first part of the equation of success.  As previously quoted by "Gone Girl" author Gillian Flynn, "We have become creatures that we've made up of different flotsam from pop culture."  Thus, it is more critical than ever to understand trends, forecast, and values  within popular culture, as they actually then intersect with digital platforms, in order to truly obtain to get votes, likes, buys.  There is the sharing and shaping between the two that is symbiotic, undeniable, and without a doubt, powerful.  Such paradigm shifts were discussed and debated among the panelists during the evening, of which Huge was presenting sponsor.
A key topic during the evening was that of the growing importance of data mining, data capture and data deciphering as part of the recipe for successfully connecting with one's target audience.  Chuck DeFeo,  Deputy Chief of Staff and Chief Digital Officer at the Republican National Committee  and fresh from the recent mid-term election wins, commented, "Big data is actually really about getting small. It's about getting individualized.  Down to right message to create; knowing as much about the individual as we can.  We are using it to build meaningful relationships, people demanding it."
Dan McSwain, President of Geer and Senior Advisor to Rock the Vote and who drove the L'il Jon online video appeal to vote in the recent mid-term elections, added an important observation leaning more to that of the cultural side. "To reach people today, especially younger people, it's really about surprise and collision.  Surprise and collision are great tactical tools that we've seen work, and I definitely suggest them."
Another tip for connecting in the new era came from Craft partner, Brian Donahue who pointed out that many professionals need to become wiser and move from creating messages simply for the self. He also noted that social responsibility and the way in which it is presented will be key for organizations that want to get onto any radars at all.  "Younger demographics absolutely expect it, " he added.  "The want to participate in the lives they are building for themselves."
The undeniable impact of mastering public sentiment, as evidenced through pop culture norms, coupled with deep comprehension of digital behavior seems to be the wave of the future.  And those who will be able to operate within such parameters organically in an era where flux is the new norm will rise to the top.  Game on.
Follow Lauren DeLisa on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ultra_lauren
More:

Seattle Protects the Environment and Workers Tooreddit
Just in time for the holiday season, a bit of heartwarming news from the Seattle Times : two of our top chain retailers, Costco and Nordstrom , are opting to stay closed on Thanksgiving Day.
Why? To respond to the public backlash, of course, but also to ensure their employees spend Thanksgiving the way it's supposed to be spent, with family and friends.
Closing on Thanksgiving isn't the only way these companies are good to their employees. They lead Forbes 2014 Best Retail Companies to Work for Right Now list, with Costco at No. 1 and Nordstrom Rack at No. 2. Both companies not only have family-friendly policies, they pay their employees better.
In 2011, Nordstrom paid 60 percent more in hourly wages than the industry average. A typical Costco worker earned $45,000 in 2011 according to a survey by Glassdoor, compared to Sam's Club workers' average annual salary of $17,486 .
Certainly, there is a strong economic argument to be made for treating employees better. Frederick F. Reichheld's 2001 study The Loyalty Effect proved that customers are loyal not so much to a store as to its employees. Reichheld maintained that a five percent increase in the employee retention rate can increase a customer's lifetime value by as much as 75 percent, in part because of the high cost of bringing in new customers. It seems to be working: as reported in The Huffington Post last year, Costco's profits soared 19 percent even as the retailer paid substantially higher wages. Nordstrom Rack's sales increased 10.2 percent.
It's clear that employees and economics benefit from Costco and Nordstrom's decent labor policies. But closing on Thanksgiving could actively hurt consumerism, possibly over the long-term: once stores close down for one day, aren't these retailers in danger of training their customers how not to shop, especially in their stores?
I was struck once again at the differences between the Pacific Northwest and the rest of the country. Certainly, chains headquartered in other places are also closed on Thanksgiving: Barnes & Noble, GameStop, Joanne Fabric, Pier 1, Marshalls, TJ Maxx and Top 10 retailers Burlington (projected to be No. 6 in apparel company profits for 2014) and Dillards ( No. 2 ) are joining in.
But you have to wonder why any retailer would want to take an action to stem consumerism, their very life-blood, and why two of the chains closing for Thanksgiving would be headquartered in the Seattle area?
One clue is its politics. Washington State's Governor Jay Inslee is best known as the " greenest governor ." But he is also a crusader for worker's rights. He calls it "protecting our most vulnerable, and protecting our environment" and champions raising the State's minimum wage even higher than it already is, which at $9.32 is the highest state-wide minimum wage in the country. Seattle's city council voted this June to gradually raise its hourly minimum to $15 .
This might seem counterintuitive. The party line, especially in red states, is that environmental protection and jobs are in a heated battle for resources. Yet the Pacific Northwest is growing economically even while it fights against fossil fuel consumption, closing coal plants, denying coal port permits, increasing investment in renewables and reducing energy use.
And the dogma that lifting wages will bankrupt businesses? Nordstrom's and Costco wouldn't agree.
Have a lovely shopping-free Thanksgiving!
Photo courtesy of ilovebutter via Flickr cc.
More:

As Fewer Companies Control Our Media  Why Documentaries Matter More Than Everreddit
Films are incredible things. Magical things. Windows into worlds that we may never get to see and connecting with us on such deep emotional levels that we are forever affected by them and their messages.
Films cannot only entertain but can shift public perception in ways we never thought possible. Ten years ago, when I got the bright idea to eat myself into a stupor with fast food , I could never have predicted that teachers, parents, doctors and even personal trainers would still be using it as a tool to engage people on a deeper level about the food choices they make.
We have more access to nonfiction films than ever before, and today, more people are watching, sharing and talking about these films than at any other point in history. Thanks to the access places like HBO, Showtime, CNN and especially Netflix have given us to documentaries at the click of a button, we have been able to reshape and redefine the landscape of investigative journalism that was once only in the hands of major news networks...now it's in the hands of the people.
There have been so many films that have touched and altered my perception over the years that I couldn't begin to single out the few that have been the most impactful, but if we only look at some of the films of the past year and the conversations, debate and change they are driving, we start to see how important and irreplaceable these films and filmmakers are.
Whether it be the inside story of one of the biggest whistle blowers the world has ever known , or the battles of a few brave men trying to rescue mountain gorillas from the greed of multinational corporate interests, or an examination of how dams alter rivers & landscape s; documentaries are the stories of our lives and, more often than not, the stories most of us don't get to hear. That's why I'm so thankful that BRITDOC honors some of the most impactful films in their annual Impact Award.
Would people be pushing for the elimination of orcas in captivity had there been no Blackfish ?
Would we have seen Mayor de Blasio holding up a dime bag at City Hall last week were it not for the constant pressure being brought on from those affected by The House I Live In ?
Would we be having as many conversations about education and the achievement gap were it not for American Promise ?
Would there be a national awareness of the need to restore the collective voice of the Mayan people in Guatemala without Granito ?
And would there have been an international outcry for a UN investigation following the Sri Lankan Civil War had we not had No Fire Zone ?
These five films have created, and continue to drive, change. And thanks to BRITDOC, PUMA and NETFLIX, they will continue to get the recognition they deserve, including a $15,000 prize to continue the incredible work they've begun.
But the greatest achievement is the fact that the doors all these films open are one's that can never be shut. The seeds they plant in the minds of audiences are the beginnings of a journey to turn us ALL into agents of change. They truly represent the promise of what a documentary can accomplish. And it's not that we really need movies like this to remind us of everything that's wrong in the world today; the bigger question is...how could we ever live without them?
This is part of a series of blog posts about the winners of the BRITDOC Impact Award , which celebrates annually the documentary films that have made the greatest positive impact on society.
More:

R K Dutta to head 2G spectrum scamThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rochester by-elections sobering lessonDavid Cameron must reframe his response to Ukip
Rochester result proves that aping Farage does the PM no favours
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ee09b2ec-716b-11e4-818e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty hit fresh peaks as banking stocks rally on Kotak dealReliance Industries among Barclays' top 133 stock picks for 2015
Indian stocks today notched up their best gain in three weeks with benchmark Sensex surging 267 points and Nifty jumping by 75.45 points to hit new highs powered by a spurt in shares of lenders after Kotak Mahindra-ING Vysya announced India’s biggest banking merger.
The mood was positive across global markets after US shares provided another record-breaking lead yesterday.
Expectations that government will come out with more reforms in Winter session of Parliament also influenced sentiments, brokers said, adding that speedy cabinet approvals for development of infrastructure gave a boost.
The local currency also scripted a pull-back after plunging to 9-month low of 62.25 against US dollar yesterday. Rupee was last trading at 61.78 levels.
Besides banking sector, capital goods, consumer durables, oil & gas, FMCG, auto, realty and power stocks helped the BSE index settle at 28,334.63 — a new record at closing — gaining 267.07 points, or 0.95 per cent. Its previous record closing high was 28,177.88 reached on November 17.
Intra-day, it touched a new lifetime high of 28,360.66, bettering its previous record of 28,294.01 hit on November 19.
Heavyweights such as RIL, Hindalco, Cipla, BHEL, Hero Motocorp, ITC Ltd and L&T provided solid support.
The 50-scrip NSE Nifty went up by 75.45 points, or 0.90 per cent, to close at fresh high of 8,477.35, beating its earlier record high of 8,430.75 hit on November 17.
The index also touched lifetime high of 8,489.80, surpassing its previous record of 8,455.65 on November 19.
Kotak Mahindra Bank yesterday evening announced the buyout of ING Vysya Bank in an all-stock deal valued at Rs 15,000 crore, which is likely to set off consolidation moves.
Shares of Kotak Bank continued their rally, surging by 3.68 percent. ING Vysya counter ended 2 percent up. Other prominent gainers were Axis Bank, SBI, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank. They gained in 1-3 percent band.Yes Bank rose 4 percent.
Smaller peers, like City Union Bank, DCB, Dhanlaxmi Bank, Federal Bank and Karnataka Bank, logged 2-5 per cent gains.
Sectorally, the BSE Bankex rose 2.37 per cent, the best among peers. It was followed by the Capital Goods that rose 1.32 per cent, FMCG index 0.90 per cent, Consumer Durables 0.84 per cent and Oil & Gas index 0.86 per cent.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth a net Rs 477.15 crore yesterday, according to exchanges.
TAGS: Bse BSE Sensex Kotak Mahindra Bank
More from indianmarkets

After the normal Barbie doll  some other more accurate toysBy Alexandra Petri November 21 Follow @petridishes
Here is something else that upholds unrealistic beauty standards. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File)
Designer Nikolay Lamm, just in time for the holiday doll rush, has come up with the Lammily doll, the innovative toy whose claim to fame is that it — gasp! — has the body of an average nineteen year-old. “Life is beautiful and reality is all we have,” he told the Post earlier . Hear, hear! As Lamm realized, stretch marks and acne are fun if they’re a sticker. Anything is fun if it’s a sticker!
These toys are actually cool and a great alternative. But in keeping with this spirit that reality is beautiful, here are a few other more realistic toys, some probably less popular.
10. Hard Bake Oven: None of the recipes actually work the way they said they would work. Everything is either overcooked or underdone. Every time you try to substitute ingredients, it ruins everything.
9. Transformers:  Model card that, instead of turning into cool robots, transform into used cars that have decreased in resale value over time.
8. Elf on the Shelf: Same elf, but gives your information to NSA instead of Santa.
7. Real Operation: Just like the normal Operation game, except it won’t work unless you supply it with insurance information, the doctor turns out to be in-network, and the procedure is ruled necessary.
6. Dinosaurs: Now pink and fuzzy, like large chickens , the way history says.
5. Password Journal: Password now must be changed every three months and has to contain capital letters and numbers.
4. Where’s Waldo?, 21st Century edition: There is no book. You are given a phone and a crowded place to meet Waldo and have to locate him by texting. “Where are you?” “By the guy with the scarf?” “By the big plant?” “By the sand sculpture?” It takes at least half an hour.
3. Real Stuffed Cat and Dog: Mysteriously disappear deep into the bowels of the house for hours and don’t reappear until 5 in the morning at the foot of your bed to emit loud noises and demand toy food. Stuffed dog drags you outside during rainstorms to stare aimlessly at a bush and do nothing.
2. Nerf Gun, Second Amendment edition: Same toy, but no one can ever take it away from you, ever, under any circumstances, even if you hurt someone with it, and you can bring it into Starbucks with you in certain states.
1. Real Ken: Exactly the same, but it’s clear that his smooth area causes marital problems.
Alexandra Petri writes the ComPost blog, offering a lighter take on the news and opinions of the day.

Laurus Labs believes in excelling in its chosen segmentsFocused on research: Chava Satyanarayana, Founder & CEO, Laurus Labs (Photo: A Prabhakar Rao)
CATEGORY: Excellence in Performance & Business Scalability (Large Companies)
Ever heard of Efavirenz? Not many have, but pharma circles know its importance. It is an active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) - the vital substance in a pill or a capsule - in many anti-retroviral or AIDS-treatment drugs. And half the Efavirenz in the world is made at the Hyderabad-based Laurus Labs.
"My company does not want to be just another player in any product," says Chava Satyanarayana, Founder and CEO. "We want to be in the top three in every product we make. We do what we are good at and not what everybody else is doing." This focused view has enabled Laurus Labs to grow its revenue from Rs 9 crore in the first year - it was founded in September 2005 - to Rs 1,200 crore in 2013/14. In October-end, it also got Rs 550 crore in funding from private equity firm Warburg Pincus for an undisclosed stake.
Laurus Labs prioritises research and holds more than 100 patents. "For a typical pharmaceutical entrepreneur, the usual practice is to first set up a factory, then take up solvent recovery, followed by treatment of waste and only then look at research and development," says Satyanarayana. "But we went the other way round, starting with research." It first took up oncology drugs before adding anti-retroviral ones. "We worked on the problems faced by this segment and found solutions to them," he adds.
VIDEO: Laurus Labs CEO talks about the 4 'P's of sucess
What are these? A major issue with many drugmakers when Laurus Labs began operating was the cost and supply of APIs - many companies had to import expensive reagents, all the way from Europe then, to make these APIs. Laurus Labs found local substitutes. "In one anti-retroviral, we replaced a reagent called di-ethyl zinc, which cost $60-70 per kg, with a mixture of sodium hydride and zinc chloride, which cost $6 a kg and was easily available in Hyderabad itself," says Satyanarayana. "That was our first breakthrough in late 2007-early 2008." Another hurdle is scalability, which too Laurus Labs has successfully overcome. Starting with 15 people, it now employs 2,000 - 600 of them in R&D - and has two factories, both in Visakhapatnam. The Warburg Pincus investment will be used to set up a third unit in the same city.
My company does not want to be just another player in any product. We want to be in the top three in every product we make
CHAVA SATYANARAYANA
Founder and CEO, Laurus Labs
Laurus Labs makes six anti-retroviral APIs and 20 oncology-related ones. "In three of the six anti-retrovirals, we have made substantial improvements and they are generating a lot of revenue," says Satyanarayana. Its five most successful APIs - of which Efavirenz is one - together have a global market share of over 25 per cent. Its five biggest clients are Mylan, Aurobindo Pharma, and Strides Arcolab in India, Hospira in the US, and Aspen in South Africa. "These were our top customers by 2009 and they are our top customers today, contributing 75 per cent of revenue," says Satyanarayana. The customers, in turn, readily endorse Laurus Labs product quality."It is a highly focused and customer-centric company," says N. Govindarajan, CEO, Aurobindo Pharma.
Satyanarayana is also careful to give his scientists full credit. "The patents we hold are no doubt credited to the company, but we make sure the chemist responsible also has his/her name included," he says. "Scientists need respect and we make sure they get it." Laurus Labs' attrition rate at the research scientist, manager and above levels is barely two to three per cent. "We recruit the right people and retain them, spending substantially on periodic training," he adds.
Laurus Labs currently makes only APIs, but the third unit will make finished drugs as well, making it an integrated drugmaker. "But we want a business model that does not complete with our customers," says Satyanarayana.

Market looks for homestretch  kickMarket looks for homestretch ‘kick’
By: Adam Shell November 21, 2014 8:52 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Will stock prices rally down the homestretch of 2014? (Brandon Malone, Reuters)
Investors who aren’t greedy could easily close out their positions for the year in good conscience and walk away now with a gain of about 11% for the year. At that double-digit return pace, an investor could double his or her money in less than seven years. That’s how powerful holding stocks can be when prices are rising and you combine it with the wealth-building concept known as compounding.
“The S&P 500 has tacked on (more than) 10% for the year, which is nothing to sneeze at no matter what the market environment,” notes Paul Hickey, co-founder of Bespoke Investment Group.
But what if the U.S. stock market — which has fewer than 30 trading days left this year — has more to give? Stocks have found their groove again late in 2014, thanks to a strong corporate earnings season and fresh incoming economic data that point to better days ahead for the U.S.
History says the stock market, just like a good sprinter, typically ends the year with a strong “kick” in the homestretch. Going back to 1990, the S&P 500 has averaged a gain of 2.3% from Thanksgiving through year’s end, with positive returns 83% of the time, according to Bespoke.
A 2.3% gain in a roughly four-week span is a solid return. But it adds up even more if you tack that extra gain on to the market’s current 11% return, to an annual return of 13.3%. At that return rate, an investor can double his or her money in less than five years, which isn’t too shabby.
The market looks like it’s already sprinting to the finish line if today’s early trading action is any indication.
After a surprise interest rate cut by China and more hints from the European Central Bank that it will take more aggressive steps to boost the weak eurozone economy, U.S. stocks are in rally mode Friday morning. In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average, which posted its 27th record closing high of the year Thursday, was up as much as 175 points to an intraday record of 17,894.83, and the S&P 500 was up almost 16 points, or 0.8%, to 2068.72.

Potential 2016ers weigh in on Obamas new immigration policyBy Jose A. DelReal November 21 Follow jdelreal
On Thursday night, President Obama unveiled new executive actions on immigration reform. His would-be replacements weighed in on the announcement:
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton (D): “I support the President’s decision to begin fixing our broken immigration system and focus finite resources on deporting felons rather than families. I was hopeful that the bipartisan bill passed by the Senate in 2013 would spur the House of Representatives to act, but they refused even to advance an alternative. Their abdication of responsibility paved the way for this executive action, which follows established precedent from Presidents of both parties going back many decades,” she wrote in a rare public statement. “Our disagreements on this important issue may grow heated at times, but I am confident that people of good will and good faith can yet find common ground. We should never forget that we’re not discussing abstract statistics – we’re talking about real families with real experiences.”
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush (R): "President Obama has once again put divisive and manipulative politics before the sober leadership and sound laws required of an exceptional nation," Bush said in a statement. "It is time for Republican leaders in Congress to act. We must demonstrate to Americans we are the party that will tackle serious challenges and build broad-based consensus to achieve meaningful reforms for our citizens and our future."
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R): “You guys are trying to get me to take positions that I might take if and when I ever become a candidate for president,” Christie told reporters Wednesday, ahead of the president's speech. “If I were to run for president, I would then articulate [my position]."
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul (R): “President Obama is not above the law and has no right to issue Executive Amnesty. His actions blatantly ignore the Separations of Powers and the principles our country was founded on. The President has said 22 times previously that he does not have the power to legislate on immigration," Sen. Paul said in a written statement . "I believe that immigration reform is needed, however for true and effective reform, we must first secure the border. I will not sit idly by and let the President bypass Congress and our Constitution."
Texas Sen. Ted Cruz (R): “Today is a sad day in our nation's history. Tonight, just a few minutes ago, the president of the United States went on national television and announced he is defying the constitution, he is defying federal law, he is defying the American people,” said Cruz in a video posted to Faccebook . “Tonight, just a few minutes ago, President Obama announced that he is illegally granting amnesty to millions of people who came here illegally.”
Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R): “In Texas we know firsthand the problems brought by illegal immigration and bad federal policy. As we saw with the tens of thousands of unaccompanied minors who came across the border, a bad policy led to children being put at risk. The president’s decision tonight will lead to more illegal immigration, not less. It is time for the president and Congress to secure our border, followed by meaningful reforms. There is no more time for political grandstanding,” Perry said in a statement.
Florida Sen. Marco Rubio (R): “We need immigration reform But the right way to do it is to first bring illegal immigration under control by securing the borders and enforcing the laws, then modernizing our legal immigration system,” Rubio, who had led an earlier GOP push for immigration reform, wrote in a statement. “After we do these things, we will eventually have to deal with those here illegally in a reasonable but responsible way. The president’s actions now make all of this harder and are unfair to people in our immigration system who are doing things the right way.”
Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D): "Look, I was proud to vote for comprehensive immigration reform a year and a half ago, and the Republicans haven't done anything since then. They keep blocking bringing this to a vote. So, I support the president in taking what actions he can within the law to help families, to help businesses and try to patch up this broken immigration system,” she said on CNN.
Jose DelReal is a blogger for Post Politics.

CPI demands RBI intervention in SBI loan to AdaniHi Guest
CPI demands RBI intervention in SBI loan to Adani
After Congress questioned the logic of the $1 billion loan to the Adani group, the Communist Party of India (CPI) on Friday joined issue demanding RBI's intervention in the matter. The Congress had questioned the decision of State Bank of India to give $1 billion loan to Adani group for the development of Carmichael coal mine during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's just concluded visit to Australia. Dismissing it as "mere technicality," CPI refused to accept the defence of the SBI that it ...

Indian bonds  prices likely to sustain gains in coming monthsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

No drastic job cuts post KMB-ING Vysya merger: UdayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ukraine shelled from Russian territory: KievThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Union minister reviews arrangements for PM rally in KishtwarThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ministry calls for RGIA domestic terminal name changeMinistry calls for RGIA domestic terminal name change
Ashwini Phadnis
Tweet
New Delhi/Hyderabad, Nov. 21:  
The Ministry of Civil Aviation (MoCA) has ordered for immediate change in the name of domestic terminal at the Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (RGIA).
The order (a copy of which is available with Business Line) refers to the decision to "restore the name of the domestic terminal at the Shamshabad airport as N T Rama Rao Domestic terminal as it was known at the Begumpet airport".
The Ministry sent copies of the order to the Chief Secretaries of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh on Thursday.
The GMR Hyderabad International Airport Ltd (GHIAL), which owns the airport), has confirmed the receipt of the order.
The firm is in the process of readying a plan to change the signages at the airport.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Standard Chartered opens 100thbranch in UPStandard Chartered opens 100th branch in UP
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 21:  
The largest foreign bank in the country, Standard Chartered Bank, increased its total branches in the country to 100 when it opened a branch in Nakatia area in the Bareilly District of Uttar Pradesh.
The bank aims to tap the small and medium enterprises in the area with its products and services.
A spokesperson of the bank denied any new developments on the subsidiarisation route. After the RBI declared the guidelines for converting the local operations of foreign banks into wholly-owned subsidiary (WoS) over a year ago, there have been few takers for the new business model.
The RBI hopes to use the WoS model to insulate the Indian operations of foreign banks from adverse developments abroad.
The new guidelines mandate that any new foreign bank setting up shop in the country will have to embrace the WoS model, if they wish to open more than 20 branches. This, however, does not apply to those foreign banks which have already set-up shop in the country.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

No big job cuts after Kotak Mahindra-ING Vysya merger: Uday KotakNo big job cuts after Kotak Mahindra-ING Vysya merger: Uday Kotak
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 21:  
Kotak Mahindra Bank chief Uday Kotak has assured that there will not be “any dramatic” reduction immediately in the number of employees following the merger of ING Vysya Bank. While ING has around 10,000 employees, Kotak Bank has around 29,000.
“We believe total number of employees will grow over time, but we don’t see any dramatic reduction in the net number of people in a hurry,” the Executive Vice-Chairman and Managing Director of Kotak Bank Uday Kotak told PTI after he announced the merger deal last evening.
“We have no plans to do any massive rationalisation of branches or capacity. We are committed to growing, this is a merger for growth, not for cutting,” he said, answering a specific question on whether KMB will be pruning some jobs. ING Vysya Bank Deputy Chief Executive Uday Sareen said cost cutting was not the objective of the merger.
“At the heart of this deal is not cost-efficiency; yes it is cost-avoidance as there are synergies post-merger. But this is not one merger which talks about cost cutting and that is an extremely important point which we would like to communicate,” Sareen said.
“In any merger, there is a concern among employees...but at the heart of this partnership is our people,” Sareen added.
Some analysts have said that KMB may have to prune its expenses. In a service industry like banking, people are a major cost component. Meanwhile, Kotak said the merged KMB will not look at having a presence internationally.
“We will leverage on our cooperation arrangements, we believe the India opportunity is where we are good at and the core business model is to concentrate on the country’s diversified financial services,” Kotak said.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Surging Podemos rushes to get to the topSpain’s surging Podemos party rushes to get to the top
Tobias Buck in Madrid
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/697bfd1c-70dc-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

We have good chances of beating Australia at home  says Virat KohliPrint
Kohli said it was imperative to pick the right combination in Tests and not tinker much with the playing XI. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 21, 2014 8:12 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 9:02 pm
Set to embark for a gruelling Test tour of Australia starting December 4, star batsman Virat Kohli on Friday said that India will play aggressive and positive cricket in their four-match series and his young side can beat the Aussies in their own backyard.
“We are confident of our ability and character of players in the Test side. Everyone is keen to go out there and experience the condition in Australia and the challenge that it brings,” Kohli said at the pre-departure press conference.
“It has to be caution with aggression. First priority is to be positive and aggressive and then we dictate terms when we can. The intent has to be positive and aggressive and have that mindset. We obviously will have plan Bs and Cs to fall back on,” said the 26-year-old Kohli who will lead the side in the first Test in Brisbane.
Regular captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni has been rested for the first Test as he is recovering from a right thumb injury and he is expected to lead the side from second Test (in Adelaide from Dec 12-16) onwards. The third and fourth Tests will be played in Melbourne (Dec 26-30) and Sydney (Jan 3-7).
Kohli said it was imperative to pick the right combination in Tests and not tinker much with the playing XI.
“We have to figure out the best combination for the Test series. Test series is all about sticking to a particular combination and giving them confidence and not let them feel there are guys sitting out to replace them. We can’t go with a mindset that we will go there and see what happens,” he said.
“You have to keep thinking about winning all the time. We have good chances of beating them at home which we have done in the past. There is no reason why we can’t repeat that. All the people in the team are of aggressive nature,” he added.
The Indian team leaves for Australia during wee hours on Saturday.
The Delhi batsman said it was a blessing in disguise that the side would be playing in Australia before the World Cup as they would be used to the conditions prior to the mega event.
“The first focus is on the Test series and we will think about the World Cup after the tri-nation series. It will be a blessing before the World Cup to be playing in Australia. We are not going to be surprised by the tracks over there, which is going to be good for us,” he said.
Kohli, who will captain the Test side for the first time in Brisbane match, said personally also he would be looking forward to the tour after a decent performance in his previous visit to Australia in 2012.
“For me personally, the last tour was a milestone in my career. I was a different person and a different cricketer when I left the shore of Australia in 2012,” said Kohli, who scored 300 (with one century and one half century) runs in four matches in that tour which India lost 0-4.
“I am glad that I got the opportunity to captain the Test side, it is a dream come true for me. Hopefully we can start off on the right foot,” he said.
Asked if the cricketers were affected by the recent off-field happenings in Indian cricket, Kohli said, “Our focus has been on cricket throughout and we have not really focused on things that have been happening off the field. Anything regarding those things, the management will have a quote or an explanation.
“I would like to talk about cricket only and I can assure you the focus has been on cricket and what we want to achieve in the next six months. We have not been distracted by any off the field issues,” he said.
Team director Ravi Shastri said it was important to enjoy the Australia tour rather than be wary of the opposition.
“It is very important when you tour Australia that you enjoy the trip, and not be intimidated by Australia’s record in Australia. It demands tremendous self-belief and I believe this team has it,” he said.
“We have got an exciting bunch of young players but that does not mean they should be intimidated by the opposition. If you are prepared to guts it out, then there is no reason why you can’t perform. They are good competitors but we can show them that even we are good competitors. This bunch has it,” the former India captain said.
Coach Duncan Fletcher was not present at the press conference.
Kohli said he learnt a lot from the 2012 tour of Australia as he had never experienced an aggressive and hostile reception like that from the opponents.
“The last tour to Australia, I never experienced the aggression and that kind of an atmosphere. I will try to impart that experience to other players, of what to expect and what sort of mindset to go with. Once we go with a negative mindset that will keep catching up. You have to be positive every single day. That is something we will focus on going in this tour,” said Kohli.
“The way I batted in South Africa Tests, personally they were quite memorable for me. I am hopeful that experience will count. It helps mentally as well because you have performed well in difficult conditions,” he said.
He said travelling with an 18-member squad would help the team in case someone gets injured.
“It is not about having more options because as I said, you need to back a certain XI. Where it helps is the players who are sitting out can actually prepare in those conditions and if there is injury to anyone in the playing XI and someone else has to step in, he knows the culture, he knows what we are trying to achieve, he knows what’s going on in the squad.
“So a guy flying straight to Australia may not know what the team is trying to achieve for the last 20 to 25 days, so that makes a massive difference. And as I said, one person not on the same page can be very harmful,” he said.
The stylish batsman said having bowlers who can bowl over 140kmph will help in the adverse conditions in Australia.
“Any day, it’s an advantage when you have four bowlers who can bowl 140+ because you can compete on those pitches and strategise accordingly. For a captain that is a blessing because you have two bowlers upfront, one who can swing the ball and one who is bowling 140 and then you have two more coming in who can also bowl at 140+ for those other two spells.
“So, the batsman is never sure about going after the bowlers and that’s exactly what you want – control the game as much as you want. And that will be possible with guys bowling at speed and getting bounce on those wickets, It’s a great thing for Indian cricket. It’s gonna be a massive factor in Australia,” he said.
Kohli said had the team played the three Tests against the West Indies, who abandoned the tour midway due to a payment dispute with their Board, it would have helped the side before the series in Australia.
“What you said about West Indies series, it would not have been a false preparation. We would have been able to test ourselves in a Test scenario. The conditions might differ, you might bat in a different way but to have the mental discipline of playing yourself in, leaving a certain amount of balls and building up a Test innings is something that stays with you, no matter what the conditions are. There would have been positives from the series if it would have happened,” he said.
Asked if the team’s morale would get affected before the World Cup if they don’t fare well in the Test series, Kohli said they don’t want to get into such negative thoughts.
“That’s a big if. We have not really thought about that if. We are only thinking of the positive side. When the worst case scenario comes, we will plan it then. I think everyone is good to do that. We don’t even want that thought to creep into the side right now. That’s our job, to keep the negativity away.
“No matter what the results are, even if you are not doing well, as long as you can look into the eye of the opposition and make him feel you are there. And when the opportunity comes, you are gonna strike. That’s the kind of belief is needed in the team. This sort of negativity is not welcome in the team,” he said.
With Dhoni missing the two warm up matches and the first Test, Shastri backed Kohli as captain.
“MS has hardly missed a match in the last so many years. He has played every format for the last so many years, so it’s only fair that he gives himself time to be fully fit and come back. you have to go with what you have.
“Virat is leading the side and it might be his first Test as captain but I can assure you, you will see a guy who you feel has led in 20 to 25 Test matches. We will be out there putting our best foot forward. It’s a great opportunity for youngsters where if you have self-belief and back yourself that you will do well, you come out as a different cricket altogether.”
On former pacer Glenn McGrath saying that India would suffer a whitewash against Australia, Shastri said, “Glenn McGrath is entitled to his opinion. He is not going to bowl at the Indian batsmen, let him say whatever he wants to.”
Fletcher to join Team India directly in Australia
Indian coach Duncan Fletcher, who was not present at the pre-departure press conference in Mumbai on Friday, is reported to join the Virat Kohli-led team in Australia from his native place South Africa.
Kohli and Team Director Ravi Shastri addressed the media on the eve of the departure for the four-match Test series starting December 4 in Sydney and Fletcher, who is now settled in South Africa, has been on a short leave after completion of the ODI series against Sri Lanka.
“Fletcher’s wife is unwell and he had informed the board that he will join the squad directly in Australia,” a BCCI official told PTI.

BJP saffronising J&K  Northeast  says Ghulam Nabi AzadPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Chanderkote (j-k) | Posted: November 21, 2014 8:11 pm
Senior Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad today alleged that BJP was saffronising Jammu and Kashmir along with Northeast states of the country, saying the saffron party has sent hordes of RSS men to Kashmir valley and Jammu to polarise the society.
“BJP is saffronising Jammu and Kashmir and Northeast for its vote bank politics. They have sent hordes of RSS men from country to valley and to this area,” Azad told a public rally here in Ramban district of the state.
Flanked by AICC president Sonia Gandhi, Azad said “if they had sort votes it was ok–it would have been a symbol of brotherhood and unity. But they are here to destroy the fabric of brotherhood and communal harmony”.
“During the day they are seeking votes and during the night they are spreading poison to divide the people,” Azad said.
Maintaining that there was no differences between Hindus and Muslims in the region, the Congress leader said “India lives in these hills (of Chenab Valley) and … in this Chenab valley there is a beautiful thing that there was no division between Hindu and Muslims”.
He said “it was a mountain land cut off from Jammu and Kashmir as a paradise where peace and love was the foundation stone of this area,” he said.
“But today I am sorry that in democracy that every political party has right to field a candidate to win by seeking votes, for the first time I have seen in this Chenab Valley that there are dozens of helicopters flying over it.
“The Prime Minister is going to visit tomorrow -president of BJP has already visited and half-a-dozen of their ministers are ferrying here looking as it that Chenab valley is the area of some other country and they have come to invade it,” he said.

J&K polls: PDP patron grew older by one year in 6 yearsBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: November 21, 2014 7:51 pm
PDP patron and former Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Mufti Mohammed Sayeed has grown only one year old in last six years!
According to the affidavit filed by Sayeed for the assembly election from Anantnag constituency, the former chief minister is 72 years old.
However, as per the affidavit filed by him in 2008 assembly elections from the same constituency, Sayeed had declared his age as 71 years.
When asked for a comment, PDP chief spokesperson Nayeem Akthar said “there must be some error in recording figures”.
The PDP founder is not the only politician whose increase in age is not corresponding to the six years that passed by between the two assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir.
Congress candidate from Leh and Housing Minister Nawang Rigzin Jora, who declared his age as 53 years in 2008 polls, has shown his age as 56 years in this year’s elections.
National Conference candidate from Sonawari and Minister for Higher Education Mohammad Akbar Lone was 63-year-old in 2008 elections but grew by only four years to show his age as 67 this year.
However, some politicians have taken the opportunity to correct their age on record.
National Conference candidate from Gurez and Minister of State for Animal Husbandry Nazir Ahmad Khan was only 35 years old in 2008 polls. This year, he has shown his age as 49.

SPOTTED: The official IT couple  Anushka Sharma  Virat KohliPrint
Take it as an assurance, the Captain is booked! The Bollywood Beauty is also taken.
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 7:39 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 8:14 pm
The newest love birds of the Tinsel Town who admitted to their relationship only last night were spotted together yet again. And this time we CAN openly talk about them.
Hours later the Captain of the Indian Cricket Team Virat Kohli finally agreed to the fact that he is dating Bollywood actress Anushka Sharma, the couple was seen coming out of Karan Johar’s residence in Mumbai. Anushka wore a grey tee with denims, while Virat donned the hat, ooops! cap.
IN PICS – Virat Kohli-Anushka Sharma, Ranbir Kapoor- Katrina Kaif enjoy couples’ night out
After months of denying their relationship, the fans and followers of the lovely Anushka and talented Virat had lost hopes of them ever coming out with the already-known secret. But much to their respite, at the launch his clothing line -Wrogn, Virat revealed his deepest secret, or not so. He was quoted saying, “It is out in the open (Jo hai sabke saamne hai abhi). We are not hiding anything, we are not trying to hide anything. I don’t want to hide anything. But if you get repeatedly asked on the same thing and if it is made a matter of debate then both the individuals don’t feel it is right.”
Also read – Virat Kohli opens up on his relationship with Anushka Sharma, says we are not hiding anything
So, take it as an assurance, the Captain is booked! The Bollywood Beauty is also taken. But he won’t like talking about it in public. “We will not personally like to speak about it because it is something very personal for us and that should be respected by the media and everyone else as well,” Virat said.
The much in love couple had already been seen at a lot of events and places together and it was, but, a matter of common knowledge that the two are indeed in a relationship. But we like it when we hear the truth from the horse’s mouth. Don’t we?
And this is not enough. The latest we hear is Aditya Chopra, the head honcho of Yashraj Movies, is willing to make a movie on cricket and has contacted Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma to play the leads. A report published in Hindustan Times states that Rani Mukerji has even talked to the duo and Virat has asked for some time to think about it.
So, is the Indian Captain looking to try his luck in Bollywood? Time shall tell. Aye Aye Captain!

Dismantling of iconic warship INS Vikrant beginsBefore the Supreme Court's verdict, the Maharashtra Government had expressed its inability to maintain the vessel.
Written by Anjali Lukose | Mumbai | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:30 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 12:50 pm
The hull of the decommisioned Vikrant, which “once controlled the sea and ended a war”, was torn open on Friday at the breaking yard in south Mumbai, ending the journey of the country’s first aircraft carrier.
The first to fall, 15 minutes before sunset, was the angled deck, which will be remembered for launching the most iconic air raid which destroyed most ships at the Chittagong and Cox’s Bazar harbours in then East Pakistan, playing a key role in ending the 1971 war.
IB Commercial Pvt Ltd, which had won the bid to scrap the ship for Rs 63.02 crore in January, now hopes to earn a margin of 2-3 per cent for the scrap.
More than 60 per cent of the artefacts from the aircraft carrier, which was bought from Britain in 1957, was moved to the Maritime History Society in Mumbai while rest was shifted to the Naval Aviation Museum in Goa before she was handed over for dismantling.
IB Commercial Pvt Ltd had won the bid to scrap the ship for Rs 63.02 cr in January. It would take around six to eight months to dismantle the ship, said IB Commercial officials. (Source: Express photo by Vasant Prabhu)
At the breaking yard, huge cranes separated the ferrous from the non-ferrous parts as soon as labourers removed parts of the fallen angled deck. Metal inspectors went about recording the content of each piece of scrap metal and separating it.
“Everything that comes of the ship is quality product. The navy is not restricted by budget when spending on a ship, especially an aircraft carrier, so there is no impurity,” said Zuber Jaka, 22, director of IB Commercial.
Jaka said the non-ferrous parts of the ship earns the most and is exported. The ferrous scrap will be sent to the rolling mills and the “unrollable” parts — referring to thermocol — will be sent to the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board for “safe disposal”. If the ferrous parts sell for Rs 24 per kg, the non-ferrous parts sell for Rs 300 per kg, he said. And the ship with a gross registered tonnage of 21,067 tonnes, has a lot of it.
The company, which is paying Rs 1.40 lakh to the Mumbai Port Trust for using its land for ship breaking, will take another six to eight months to dismantle the entire ship.
“When we bought the ship, we were proud to get the opportunity to scrap ‘desh ki shaan’, but also a little sad. But the long delay and the wishes of many to preserve the ship made us feel bad about the lucrative deal we had struck,” said Abdul Karim Jaka, another director of IB Commercial.
The Jaka family is now relieved that the scrapping had begun. “The SC ruled in our favour as the authorities and the navy thought it was not feasible to convert it into a museum. We also offered to hand over the ship to those who protested against the dismantling after paying for the ship. Once everything failed and we got permission from the port trust to break the ship, we just got to work,” he said.
Oblivious to Vikrant’s historical achievements, the contractor who controlled the winch that brought down the angled deck said he cannot afford to be emotional. “This is my line of work so I cannot get emotional about these things. This is my second naval ship, and I have helped break many a ship in my 12 years of work. But this one was definitely the most famous,” said Ghanshyam Yadav, the contractor.
Earlier, the Maharashtra government had expressed its inability to maintain Vikrant, which was decommissioned in January 1997. In January 2014, during the hearing of a PIL which opposed the plan to scrap the ship, the Defence Ministry told the Bombay High Court that it had completed its operational life.
In the evening, AAP leader Meera Sanyal along with Vice Admiral (Retd.) I C Rao, who served onboard INS Vikrant as a chief engineer in 1975-76 came to the breaking yard to bid her farewell. “It is a national shame that we could not save an iconic ship like her. She is irreplaceable. During the ‘71 war, she cut off the Pakistani Army’s route and their morale was destroyed, shortening the war. I will keep complaining about the lack of public spiritedness, value of history and misgoverance. We sold our nation’s pride for a mere Rs 60 crore,” said Vice Admiral Rao. “It was like seeing our own house being brought down because we could no longer afford to live in it. She has now joined the world of scrap.”
As a memorabilia, the Jaka family has kept a metallic Ashok Chakra that was onboard the ship.
 

WeChat might soon enable you to shop online directlyPrint
Users can soon directly buy products from official e-commerce WeChat pages.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 7:20 pm | Updated: November 22, 2014 6:34 pm
If you think WeChat is just another WhatsApp-like messaging app, then Tencent, the makers of WeChat, would want to set things straight. WeChat has already combined the best of Facebook, Twitter and Skype and claims to be more innovative than its arch-rival WhatsApp. “We are an all-round social communication platform and not just an SMS replacement app like WhatsApp,” said Nilay Arora, VP Marketing and Business Development, 10c India (WeChat).
Since its launch in India last year, WeChat has added several interesting features like animated stickers, short video chats among several others and gave away free 1GB of cloud storage to its users. WeChat has already introduced official accounts through which users can connect to their favourite brands.
“Twitter is very public and many brands find it unfair. A common trend that we have observed is that people mostly tweet about brands when they are unhappy with the services and not when they are happy. Thus, a brand may have many highly satisfied customers but these customers never tweet about how good the brand is. While, if there is even one unhappy customer, that person will try to grab all the attention by tweeting something negative about the brand,” said Arora.
WeChat, through its official pages, is trying to do a Twitter by leveraging its platform to help consumers connect to their brands through an user-friendly chat platform which is personal.
Going forward, WeChat is looking to introduce gaming and wallet services in India. The WeChat wallet is popular in China where it is used to send money and do online shopping and the same might be introduced in India soon.
“Users can browse through products of e-commerce websites on their respective official WeChat pages. We are looking forward to introduce a wallet service through which users can directly buy products from official e-commerce WeChat pages, relieving them of the hassles of using their credit card everytime for purchases,” said Arora.
Arora said users can browse for products within the e-commerce WeChat page, share the product with their friends to get suggestions and then buy the same using their WeChat wallet.
On the gaming front, WeChat is aiming to integrate social games on their chat platform following what Facebook did earlier. “People loved to play games like FarmVille on Facebook, we might be doing the same thing with WeChat too as the parent company Tencent is already strong in online gaming,” said Arora.
When it comes to monetising, Arora said, “There are several ways to earn money from having an all-round communication platform. We are still in the process of expanding our user base in India, so, we are keeping all avenues open. We have a lot of monetising opportunities from official pages, featured content, wallet service, gaming, stickers and there is more to come.”

eBay announces Black Friday sale for IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rethinking PPP in India - Catalyzing Economy through Infra pushThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Styles blossom organicallyUpdated: October 30, 2014 17:09 IST
‘Styles blossom organically’
Vijay Siva. Photo: Special arrangement
TOPICS
Carnatic vocalist VIJAY SIVA answers readers’ questions.
What is voice culture? How does one improve it?
X. Rosario Rajkumar, Tiruchi
Vijay Siva: Voice culture is the skill of properly utilising the voice apparatus which covers the entire portion starting from the head to the abdominal muscles. One needs to train under a voice guru for deeper understanding. But some basics can always be followed like singing with the spine erect and the entire body relaxed; using a well-tuned tambura; and open throated singing.
What is your opinion about music reviews? Do they really help artists improve their performance?
E. Lakshmanan, Chennai
Rarely, yes. The best feedback comes from the guru or seniors. For the most part, Finnish composer Jean Sibelius’s comment on music critics continues to stand vindicated. (‘Pay no attention to what the critics say; no statue has ever been put up to a critic.’)
There are many kritis in apoorva ragas. Why don't master musicians like you sing kritis in such ragas more frequently and maybe popularise unexplored melodies?
V. Valli, Chennai
The answer lies in your question itself! Apoorva ragas are apoorva because they are not common.
Why? Either because of their potential to sustain extensive treatment (Punnagavarali, for example, has restricted prayogas and cannot exceed an octave) or because of the vibrations they emit. We clue into this from the way they have been employed by composers. It would require a genius to reinvent them.
You used to organise youth programmes and select rasikas followed by exams for the next level. I had been selected from my school, Kendriya Vidyalaya, Chennai, in 1994. It was so encouraging and motivating for young aspirants like us. Do you still help talented aspirants? Please provide details.
N. Ramya, Bengaluru
My friends and I still continue with that project, quietly. I can be contacted at nvijaysiva@yahoo.com
Even today people talk about how Ariyakkudi Ramanuja Iyengar’s kutcheri was always the best; his bani is still the best. What was so special about his concerts? I notice that your kutcheri format too is on the lines of Ariyakkudi.
Thirukkodikkaval K. Venkataraman, Chennai
At a time when music patronage was shifting from royal houses to sabhas and rasikas, there was a need to re-design the entertainment elements in Carnatic music in order to keep the patronage simmering, without compromising on values.
Ariyakkudi masterminded the change in the format with tremendous skill and foresight. This format continues to feed the music concert circuit and its economy today.
It is in sync with the Indian decorum of entertaining, be it food or storytelling, and hence special - highly satisfying to the mind and soul and also popular. My concert formatting is basically Ariyakkudi’s but cosmetically customised to suit my comfort.
I am a Carnatic music practitioner. While practising, I am able to sustain up to nishadam and on swaras beyond upper shadjamam. But I am not too comfortable at mel shadjamam. Also, my laya becomes erratic while singing along with the mridangam. Could it be due to lack of confidence?
Bala Krishnan, Chennai
No. It is the lack of technical knowhow. When you go beyond ‘dha’ or ‘ni’, wear a broad smile on your face and flush nasality into your tone. Listen to a lot of concerts concentrating on the chemistry between the vocalist and the mridangam artist. Practise often with a mridangam artist.
This familiarity will ease your lack of control over laya.
What is the future of Carnatic music? Is it economically viable especially for full-time musicians? How to get youngsters interested in this art ?
V. Nagarajan, Chennai
Shall answer all of them in one shot.
Nature’s way of helping the human mind mature and search for deeper happiness has kept the survival of Carnatic music, namasankirthanam, yoga, religious discourses and practices, unchallenged. Concern is to take it to the uninitiated early in their lives.
Piloting them into music appreciation, like we do for our children into cricket appreciation, through group programmes or individual interactions, is a sure way to disseminate.
Luckily many of the present-day musicians are equipped to do this. Support from parents, schools and sponsors can help. Rasikas can guide their acquaintance.
Also, making available authentic recordings can widen it further. At the macro level, the Carnatic music circuit today is on a cosy financial pedestal, much to the amazement of its counterpart across the Vindhyas and other nations. Many of us (full-time professionals) retained our growth rate during the recent economic meltdown. At the micro level, with adequate talent, one can launch a full-time career, initially with meagre returns; grow with experience, clean habits and constant fine honing of skills to attain the upper middle class league, before choosing to retire.
What happened to YACM, the organisation you founded along with some of your contemporaries and which was responsible for bringing young artists to the fore?
Vidya Raghavan, Virgiania, USA
I too am enquiring about its whereabouts but not its ideals! The drive to take music to the doorstep of the youth prevails and if each of us did our bit for it, the search for YACM will happily end.
Often, artists do not mention the name of the raga. Why not do so especially when the raga is a rare one? Also why does a vocalist remain silent when people walk out during the thani?
E.S. Chandrasekaran, Chennai
There are rasikas who expect these announcements while some detest it. In fact, my concert contract offers to circulate a song list with necessary details. But of late, there are very few takers for this! Understandable, given the popularity of the Internet and search engines.
Rasikas could attempt to cultivate the habit of registering in their mind small aspects of a new raga or song. Later on, they can educate themselves on more details (like most rasikas did till 1970s). After all, knowledge gained through effort lasts longer.
As for the thani question, if he/she requests them to stay back, it could be an embarrassment to the mridangam artist.
If expressed sternly, the rasika could take it as an insult! Silent and strong disapproval is the best he/she can express at that point of time.
Your concerts are interesting but they also leave us with an impression of having been in an ambience of strict discipline - under a headmaster or a preacher rather than in an atmosphere of friendly camaraderie. Any comments?
Sowmya. N, Chennai
I am happy that you have mentioned two categories of people who are or supposed to be responsible individuals, who respect norms, tradition and law.
Surely your perception would make my school headmistress (Mrs. YGP) and advisors proud. Wish I am blessed to naturally and spontaneously express the gentler side of me as well!
If an artist has to keep the style of his guru intact, how can new styles evolve? We find that over the years, you have developed a style of your own but within the paramentres of the DKJ bani. How does this happen?
K. Girija, Chennai
Styles blossom organically and are not synthetically generated.
The guru plays the first, silent catalyst in opening the vistas for exploration in the disciple, allowing various authentic contemplations to unfold - thus creating a new facet of his own style in his disciple. Like what Sri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa did to Swami Vivekananda and Vyasaraya Swamigal did to Purandaradasa. The curriculum for this: developing a healthy mind, discerning between long standing and short lived values in music and utilisation of the voice potential.
(To be continued)

Index moves stoke real estate bubble riskIndex moves stoke risk of real estate bubble
John Authers
Money will move on back of classification changes
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b02d0a00-6a7c-11e4-bfb4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CBRE s Workplace 360 and the training  transition and technology behind itLobbying
How employees at commercial real estate firm CBRE contributed to its Workplace 360 initiative
Commercial real estate firm CBRE this fall swapped out its South Wacker Drive address for digs on the top three floors of 321 N. Clark St.
In doing so, it threw the switch on its Workplace 360 initiative, which shuns assigned work spaces and goes paperless in an effort to promote more collaboration among employees. It also aims to make sharing information easier, eliminate waste and shine a light for clients looking to make similar moves.
CBRE's New Way Of Working
In 2014, CBRE has moved to New Way of Working culture, based on an agile working concept. Warsaw was the 6th CBRE office that has adopted its "Workplace 360" layout, following Amsterdam, Madrid, Los Angeles, Chicago and Prague.
In 2014, CBRE has moved to New Way of Working culture, based on an agile working concept. Warsaw was the 6th CBRE office that has adopted its "Workplace 360" layout, following Amsterdam, Madrid, Los Angeles, Chicago and Prague.
See more videos
Its 300 downtown employees have their choice of areas in which to sit — or stand, as the new equipment includes adjustable-height desks. The new 61,400-square-feet River North space boasts 14 types of work spaces, including offices for a day, huddle rooms and open team areas. It also includes an Oblong Mezzanine slide deck; video conferencing and project-display system; an art wall created by Chicago artist Chris Silva; and automatic coffee machines that dispense specialty drinks.
To encourage mobility, phone extensions follow workers to whatever stations they’re working at that day, and workers can print to any printer through ID cards. 
Jamie Georgas, managing director of the downtown Chicago office, and Meredith Bell, an associate in the company’s workplace strategy consulting practice, discussed elements of the move with Blue Sky Innovation.
The rationale
“One of the things that we’re challenging in this space is that one cubicle or one office is the best space to work all day,” Bell said. “We have an activity-based work model, where based on the activities you have, you have a choice of different spaces to support that. For example, if you’re just checking emails between meetings, you can work in the heart (a lobby-type area). There is an office for a day; if you want to reserve an individual space, you have that option. There is a focus room, which is first-come, first-serve, for the times like if you’re on a call and you need some quiet space, you can just jump in.”
There are no corner offices. “We have all soft seating in the corners to encourage collaboration,’ Georgas said.
The input
Employees could choose among nine office-change-related committees that they could join. The committees focused on furniture, art, health, wellness and more.
“Pretty much everybody in the office touched this in some way,” Georgas said. “A lot of our best ideas come from these committees. The entire Oblong room came from a committee. The health and wellness committee came up with having vending options. Our art piece was a huge committee involvement — the idea for our art wall, the idea of hiring an art consultant, finding the right person, doing a visioning session.”
The transition
“It was a couple-of-years-long process with the whole planning,” Georgas said, “and the change management really started a year ago.”
Actually a pretty crappy company to work for since they went public.
Spin Dr. Kevorkian

Four Critical Marketing Strategies for Growing Your BusinessDigital Oxygen starts and ends with design, with smart content woven into the mix.
What's on your critical short list and what can you pushback till later?
One key takeaway that should drive everything.
Invest in assets you control (site, content: text, images, video) - your renting on social and never forget this.
Sounds mundane, but everything starts with a web site with these hallmarks: loads in under 3 seconds, 30% of your design budget was spent on images, it's smartphone ready, has functional menus, working Google Analytics and Webmaster tools, has multiple calls to action on all pages.
Don't think consumers or professionals are buying your product or service by itself - they want a brand experience and a web site is the front end.
What you can expect to pay: $3-5K for a standard twenty page web site, $5-10K for over a hundred pages, anywhere from $35. per hour up to $125. for HTML work.
Yes, you can get custom programming cheaper; but all markets are crowded and your web site look and feel is a key determinant of branding and customer perception.
WordPress is the go to industry standard web site dev platform for good reason it's free, scales extremely well, has 10K+ plugins that extend it's functionality, has a huge community of pros dedicated to it, is updated frequently, stable and bulletproof in a design context.
Critical Design Issue takeaways for your Grease Board or Dinner Napkin
For good function web site design, think in iterative processes: 1.0 then 2.0 - don't get bogged down into feature creep. It's a time killer and 60 day project can easily turn into 3-4 months, costing you much more in the long run.
Give your designers (in house or agency) enough leeway to give them buy in to the project. You have to balance your business objectives with the creative process.
Build your site on a test server first and assess all functionality; then, move to your standard server.
Hosting is now almost all generic and the biggest "gotcha" we see with hosting is crowded servers. You need FTP ("file transfer protocol" for uploading) and CPanel Access - 99%  of most web hosts provide this functionality.
Don't stand up a web site without some kind of sales funnel with at least "crude A/B testing for product or service sales and an integrated newsletter list.
Recognize 30-50% of your traffic is coming in via mobile - let this be one of the key determinants of your design: less is more.
Traditional SEO should not even be discussed in any meeting about marketing strategy.
It's s a myth to think you can and should be manipulating search engines with back links, page keyword stuffing, duplicate content development, etc.
Save your money!
It's old school and much of these processes are no longer relevant to Google or any other search engine.
Today, SEO rankings are a primarily combination of creating and sharing great content, building a web site that works for your visitor, coupled with basic on page SEO best practices we've outlined below.
Think of Twitter as Google's new SEO discovery engine - use Twitter to tell Google what new content has been added to your site, with hyperlinks embedded in your Tweets to the blog post or page.
The Yoast plugin (free or paid) replaces a lot of old school heavy lifting and SEO agency fees.
Make sure your page construction HTML "score" is correct - use the W3C Validator to check your code by pasting in a URL and checking.
Write shareable smart copy: well written copy, educates and informs your audience.
Don't have a slow web site! Google penalizes sites with poor load times: checkout Pingdom's site to understand your critical load times for a page. You want to be less than 2.5 to 3 seconds of load time per page.
Great content builds lasting impressions and pays for itself many times over.
Don't ever substitute quantity for quality.
Your business will need both moving forward. But, don't confuse the two.
What you need to know to be effective with a content marketing strategy
Start slow: content marketing is a marathon process that is inherently iterative: you learn as you go.
Establish benchmark measurements at the outset: social engagement, revenue, email subscription, eBook download. Is your traffic converting?
Keep moving forward: don't get bogged down in the proverbial trenches.
Align content marketing with other strategies.
Involve your entire organization whether it's five or fifty people: great content ideas come in all shapes and sizes: sales, customer service and/or exec staff.
Probably 50% of the content across the social web "newsjacks" (see: any reference to pop culture any writer can dream up). Do it carefully.
Mix and match snackable short form (images, under 300 word blog post, videos) with long-form "evergreen" high value content.
"Chunk" and repurpose and syndicate content to leverage costs. An image curated and sourced for your web site should be featured on your pinterest boar d, shared on Twitter and recycled via multiple blog posts.
Use an Editorial Calendar (download sample) , it will help you organize and leverage downstream content marketing initiatives.
Lists may sound as boring as toast. They are not!
Your readers have an attention span of a gnat . - lists help to pull them into the content.
Your readers, visitors are preconditioned to engaging with content that uses lists.
Lists drive immediate engagement and move visitors into a sales funnel.
People want evidence, perspective and answers in your content and lists help to convey all.
Lists facilitate updates - there is no shame in cutting and pasting updated content via a list.
You can brand jack your biz into a list. Is this self-serving. Yes, but done frequently.
Lists facilitate content re-purposing via other content forms (email, other blog posts, social content) which is a fundamental "tool" in any content marketer's toolbox.
Every good blog post starts with a list: those scatter-shot ideas can then be fleshed or "listed" out, no pun intended.
Brands can be creative with lists: use them as a shorthand way to poll your staff, customers, partners, BOD members and any other stakeholders for company, product, customer wins and content marketing topics.
See texting as a way of life for many today. These people "live" on lists (stretching the metaphor a bit)- so, map your content accordingly.
Rent vs. Own Digital Strategy Takeaways
Remember your business is renting on social media and presence, content shared and more are all subject to change.
You have "command and control" capabilities with a web site and content.
And, you are investing in digital assets that will appreciate over time.

Modi Govts Make in India has right intent  wrong strategy‘Modi Govt’s Make in India has right intent, wrong strategy’
M Somasekhar
Richard D Aveni at the All Ladies League seminar on 'Strategic Supremacy' in Hyderabad. PV SIVAKUMAR
Richard D’Aveni says technology such as 3D printing is the future
Hyderabad, November 19:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s strategy to use the ‘Make in India’ campaign to turn the country into a global manufacturing hub is bang on, but it can be achieved through future technologies and not old-world thinking, feels international management expert, Richard D’Aveni.
India cannot ape the successful Chinese model of mass manufacturing at low cost in the future, for it is on the decline.
New technologies such as 3D printing are going to revolutionise the future, he told BusinessLine in an interview here.
Considered a leading expert in Corporate Strategy, D’Aveni from the Tuck School of Business at the US-based Dartmouth College, said, “India is in a good position to attract leading US companies pulling out from China and looking for options and investing resources into developing 3D printing, breakthroughs in cloud computing and new IT. It has both talent and intent.”
The challenge for companies like TCS, Infosys and Wipro is artificial intelligence, data analytics and cloud.
Right climate
However, India needs to create the right climate for ‘Make in India’. This demands a better IPR regime, no corruption, conducive bureaucracy and economic incentives.
He said not many American and Japanese corporates are willing to set up manufacturing bases, because they perceive India as ‘high risk’ in corruption.
The management expert and author of the 2012 book Strategic capitalism: The new economic strategy for winning the capitalist cold war, said India and the US have a natural alliance as they share common features like democracy, a sound legal system, economic models, and both oppose Chinese hegemony. Therefore a partnership will work well for both.
Technology
Commenting on the 3D printing technology, D’Aveni said that soon people will download their products instead of visiting stores; manufacturing and supply chains will be a thing of the past.
Mass customisation will be possible and the way goods are manufactured on mass scale will undergo a big change.
He cited the example of Google’s Project Ara which aims to create highly customisable and modular smartphones.
It is receiving huge attention as Google is attempting to change the way smartphones are made and sold.
Google and 3D Systems will be printing millions of smart phone modules for the project.
D’ Aveni was in Hyderabad as part of a lecture tour organised by the ALL Ladies League across different Indian cities.
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

Droidsphere: Pimp my phone!Tweet
Don't make do with your Average-Joe UI. Amp up your device with these nifty apps that are worth the swipes!
With Android OS accounting for almost 40 per cent of devices worldwide, you might be forgiven for feeling a bit 'insignificant'. But fret not, as these customisation apps will ensure that you don't end up being just a statistic.
Below are three apps that will add life to your mechanical device; one is a launcher,one lets you personalise your lockscreen and the other lets you feel one with your wallpaper.
Choose one or more to enhance your smartphone experience.
Apex Launcher
An unassuming app, the Apex launcher helps you create a customised homescreen experience for your Android device. It is one of the most popular launchers in the Play Store and comes with a plethora of features that include customisable icon grids, scrollable dock, and fancy transition effects among others. Apart from your homescreen, you can also personalise the format of your apps, the background transparency, dock settings, folder settings etc. This is just customisation galore!
And some might find that to be a problem. There are just way too many options, but that is a very subjective drawback. Regardless, the app experience is butter smooth and the UI looks simple and subtle.
Photosphere Free Wallpaper
The name is self-explanatory. Photosphere Free Wallpaper allows the user to set a 360-degree panoramic photo as your live wallpaper. The ‘live’ effect is absolutely real and you get this feeling that a GoPro camera is mounted on your forehead, shooting the scenery that confronts you. You can either use the default image (of a beach) or use an image from the gallery or pick one from the internet.
All you have to do is go to the app settings and choose the image and set it as wallpaper. You can interact with the app in the sense you can personalise the movement of the picture, speed of the camera scroll, and choose to allow the 360-degree rotation (or else it’ll be pointless). Its major party trick is that you can scroll the image even when you’re not on your homescreen. Major disappointment with the app is the compatibility issue with the custom pictures as they look stretched when applied as wallpapers.
GO Locker
Unlock possibilities with the GO Locker app! This smooth app lets you personalise your lockscreen with a wide range of themes. It lets you define shortcuts and various widgets. The app is designed to let you be productive without waking up the phone. You can access themes, wallpaper options, general settings and change the brightness of your screen and other basic settings you might find necessary. Quirky things such as setting sounds and patterns for locking and unlocking the screen add to the novelty of the app. GO Locker has its own “Theme Store” which lets you select the different skins to apply, which are categorised. A theme store within an app? Very meta from the developers.
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

Sharia fund finishes 5-yr term with 18%returnReliance Industries among Barclays' top 133 stock picks for 2015
India’s first fully Sharia-compliant and Sebi-registered venture capital fund has completed its five-year tenure with an annualised return of 18 %.
The fund’s investments and operations were in compliance with the Islamic finance rules, as audited by the Shariah advisor, Taqwa Advisory & Shariah Investment Solutions (TASIS), Mumbai.
Promoted by Secura Investment Management (India), the fund had invested in privately negotiated equity of commercial developers and realty companies in Kozhikode.
The first fund had a corpus of Rs 50 crore and was launched in 2009. Under the first scheme, Secura successfully implemented four real estate projects. “The profit distributed by Secura at 18% p.a. is highest in the industry. Secura has been catering to the needs of the masses, interested in interest-free Islamic finance. Investment in Secura Funds delivers ethical returns,” managing director of Secura Investment Management, MA Mehaboob said.
Islamic teaching encourages trading, investment and charitable giving, but frowns on the giving or receiving of interest, or riba, which it categorizes as usury. Sharia stipulates against earning fixed returns such as interest, warns against excessive speculation and shares the risk of the business.
TAGS: Sebi Sharia Fund
More from indianmarkets

FIIs buy $24-bn bonds in 2014  exhaust 98%limitReliance Industries among Barclays' top 133 stock picks for 2015
With foreign institutional investors (FIIs) buying $213-million bonds on Tuesday, total bond purchases so far in 2014 have hit $23.73 billion, surpassing the previous record of $10.05 billion in 2010.
FIIs bought 98.43% of the available $25 billion in government bonds, as of Tuesday, according to data published by the National Securities Depository Limited on Tuesday.
Currently, Rs 1,22,482 crore worth of government bonds have been purchased and leaving only Rs 1,950 crore under the $25 billion limit, according to the data.
With the kind of appetite FIIs have recently shown for Indian bonds, November is set to be the seventh consecutive month of net FII inflows after the $1.85 billion net selling by FIIs in April 2014.
The benchmark 10-year bond yield had ended at 8.15% on Monday, its lowest level since August 2013. The gains on Tuesday were triggered by reports that quoted finance minister Arun Jaitley saying on Monday that the rate cut would benefit the domestic economy.
In July, RBI had raised the limit available for FIIs by $5 billion to $25 billion but kept the overall limit intact by lowering the limits for long-term foreign investors such as sovereign wealth funds. RBI also extended the duration of the investments for FIIs to a minimum residual maturity although it refrained from imposing any lock in.
TAGS: FII Foreign Institutional Investors
More from indianmarkets

Overweight Cox & Kings on in-line Q2:BarclaysReliance Industries among Barclays' top 133 stock picks for 2015
Cox & Kings reported in line EBITDA of R450 crore and adjusted PAT of R1700 crore. The company has seen a strong season for its operations in the UK along with a visible uptick in India travel.
With the sale of the camping operations being completed in September, we expect the balance sheet consolidation to gather steam.
Management continues to guide for a steady reduction in debt on the back of strong cash flows. We adjust our EPS for the impact of the camping sale along with the higher depreciation charges in H1 FY15 than we expected. Our EPS is lowered by 6% but EBITDA for FY16 is lowered by only 2%. We raise our 12-month price target by 7% to R360 and reiterate our overweight rating.
Key conference call takeaways are management continues to guide for a 20%revenue uptick in India standalone operations as sentiment improves; overseas companies (PGL and Meininger) increased capacities and improved fills are expected to drive a 15% EBITDA growth in FY16 and FY17; management re-iterated its target of R500 crore in debt reductions p.a. in FY16 and FY17;  bookings for both PGL and NST remain robust with over 97% utilisation (season time) with 44% advance bookings for FY16 as well; and  the company has received permission from its board to raise R1,200 through QIPs.
By Barclays
TAGS: Cox & Kings
More from indianmarkets

BHEL plagued by slow order book & weak margins:KotakReliance Industries among Barclays' top 133 stock picks for 2015
BHEL’s financials will continue to be hit by (1) weak orders relative to its base size, (2) high proportion of slow-moving orders in its backlog, (3) potential gross margin decline on orders won in weak times and (4) higher provisions. Despite several moving variables, the stock is pricing in a benign scenario on all these and assigning a normalised exit multiple. Downside risks to our estimates on order inflows, gross margin, provisioning, staff costs and cash flows for FY2015-17 are higher than upside risks. We revise our target price to R200 (from R160) at 13x FY2017e EPS.
BHEL reported a sharp 32% y-o-y decline in revenues, with the decline largely concentrated in the power sector. Negative operating leverage led to continued weak EBITDA margin at 3%.
Execution was impacted on the back of a depleted backlog and large share of stuck projects. During Q2FY15, 3 GW of stuck projects did start moving again as payment cycle resumed. BHEL is positive on the remaining 12 GW of projects starting to contribute though does not expect a sharp up-tick in these projects over the next few quarters.
Q2FY15 order inflow improved from a low base to R12,900 crore, resulting in a flat y-o-y order backlog. Our analysis suggests that project awards could face delays led by delays in land acquisition and clearances, time gap in reallocation of captive coal blocks, etc. FY2016 ordering is contingent upon removal of key bottlenecks, as suggested above; we already bake in a strong order inflow.
By Kotak Institutional Equities
TAGS: BHEL
More from indianmarkets

Sebi puts jammers onstreetRecord cafe: States not prepared for GST, 27% rate can’t work
GST can never get started with a 27% rate because compliance would be very poor. Because of poor compliance, states will start losing revenue dramatically

Sebi tightens insider trade norms  easesdelistingReliance Industries among Barclays' top 133 stock picks for 2015
The class of deemed insiders, on whom the onus lies to prove it is not guilty of insider trading has been widened, with the Sebi (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2014, in place. The regulator’s board met in Mumbai on Wednesday to approve changes to the earlier regulations.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) said the definition of insider had been made wider by including persons connected on the basis of being in any contractual, fiduciary or employment relationship. Immediate relatives will now be considered insiders as will any person who has access unpublished price-sensitive information (UPSI). Directors and employees of a company remain insiders.
In a slew of changes, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) also amended the delisting regulations. A delisting can be now be considered successful if the shareholding of the acquirer together with the shares tendered by public shareholders hits 90% of the total share capital and if at least 25% of the number of public shareholders tender in the reverse book-building process (RBB).
Gautam Gupte, director, Ambit Corporate Finance, pointed out that asking a minimum of 25% public shareholders holding demat shares to participate could potentially make delistings more difficult because of the inherent lack of participation by small shareholders. However, others believe this would thwart moves by market operators to corner shares and tender them once the delisting was announced.
Most investment bankers, including Gupte, appreciated the option of making a direct delisting offer instead of a mandatory open offer under Takeover Regulations pursuant to an acquisition, though they wanted more details. Most bankers believe that companies would not mind making the mandatory open offer if the delisting failed and paying interest of 10% per annum due to the delay.
The proposal to use the stock exchange platform to avail of securities transaction tax benefits was also applauded.
The Sebi board also approved a proposal to review the policy that restricts persons or entities categorised as wilful defaulters from raising capital after going through the public consultation process. To encourage investments in infrastructure, Sebi approved amendments to the FVCI Regulations to allow foreign venture capital investors (FVCIs) to invest in NBFC-CIC (core investment companies), as defined by Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
Explaining the term UPSI, Sebi said it refers to any information not generally available and which could impact the price of the shares. In instances where it is permissible to disclose UPSI, it must be done at least two days prior to a trade. The rules announced by the Sebi make no specific mention of whether public servants are ‘insiders’ .
Insiders, especially those likely to have access to UPSI all the year round, can now have trading plans on the lines of those prevalent in the US. Lalit Kumar, partner, J Sagar Associates, observed that it was good to see the regulator aligning Indian practices with those overseas and providing flexibility to insiders. Third-party connected persons must disclose holdings and trading in a company’s shares. Derivatives trading by directors and key managerial persons in securities of the company is prohibited.
Sebi has said that the offer price determined through RBB shall be the price at which the shareholding of the promoter, after including the shareholding of the public shareholders who have tendered their shares, reaches the threshold limit of 90%.
In order to prevent promoters from misbehaving, Sebi has mandated that the promoter or the promoter group will be barred from making a delisting offer if any entity of the group has sold shares of the company six months prior to the date on which the board approves the delisting proposal. Timelines for completing the delisting process have been reduced from 137 calendar days to 76 working days.
TAGS: Sebi
More from indianmarkets

Enough is Enough: The Presidents Latest Wall Street Nomineereddit
I believe President Obama deserves deference in picking his team, and I've generally tried to give him that. But enough is enough.
Last Wednesday, President Obama announced his nomination of Antonio Weiss to serve as Under Secretary for Domestic Finance at the Treasury Department. This is a position that oversees Dodd-Frank implementation and a wide range of banking and economic policymaking issues, including consumer protection.
So who is Antonio Weiss? He's the head of global investment banking for the financial giant Lazard. He has spent the last 20 years of his career at Lazard -- most of it advising on international mergers and acquisitions.
That raises the first issue. Weiss has spent most of his career working on international transactions -- from 2001 to 2009 he lived and worked in Paris -- and now he's being asked to run domestic finance at Treasury. Neither his background nor his professional experience makes him qualified to oversee consumer protection and domestic regulatory functions at the Treasury.  As someone who has spent my career focused on domestic economic issues, including a stint of my own at the Treasury Department, I know how important these issues are and how much the people in Treasury can shape policies. I also know that there are a lot of people who have spent their careers focused on these issues, and Weiss isn't one of them.
The second issue is corporate inversions. Basically, a bunch of companies have decided that all the regular tax loopholes they get to exploit aren't enough, so they have begun taking advantage of an even bigger loophole that allows them to maintain their operations in America but claim foreign citizenship and cut their U.S. taxes even more.  No one is fooled by the bland words "corporate inversion." These companies renounce their American citizenship and turn their backs on this country simply to boost their profits.
One of the biggest and most public corporate inversions last summer was the deal cut by Burger King to slash its tax bill by purchasing the Canadian company Tim Hortons and then "inverting" the American company to Canadian ownership. And Weiss was right there, working on Burger King's tax deal. Weiss' work wasn't unusual for Lazard. That firm has helped put together three of the last four major corporate inversions that have been announced in the U.S.  And like those old Hair Club commercials used to say, Lazard isn't just the President of the Corporate Loopholes Club -- it's also a client. Lazard moved its own headquarters from the United States to Bermuda in 2005 to take advantage of a particularly slimy tax loophole that was closed shortly afterwards.  Even the Treasury Department under the Bush administration found Lazard's practices objectionable.
The White House and Treasury have strongly denounced inversions, and rightly so. But they undercut their own position by advancing Mr. Weiss. Already Senator Grassley has denounced the move as hypocritical, and Senator Durbin has expressed his opposition to the nomination over the inversion issue. The Independent Community Bankers of America, which represents smaller banks from across the country, has opposed the nomination as well -- only the second time in thirty years that they have publicly opposed a presidential nomination.
The response from the White House to these concerns has been two-fold. First, they say that Mr. Weiss was not involved in the tax side of the Burger King deal. But let's speak plainly: This was a tax deal, plain and simple. It was designed to reduce Burger King's tax burden, and Weiss was an important and highly-paid part of the team. Second, the White House claims that Mr. Weiss is personally opposed to inversions. Really? Did he work under protest, forced to assist this deal against his will? Did he speak out against tax inversions? Did he call out his company for profiting so handsomely from its tax loophole work? The claim of personal distaste is convenient, but irrelevant.
Third, there's the larger, more general issue of Wall Street executives dominating the Obama administration, as well as the Democratic Party's, overall economic policymaking apparatus. I wrote about this problem a couple of months ago on The Huffington Post in more detail.
Here is what I wrote then:
Just look at the influence of one mega-bank -- Citigroup -- on our government. Starting with former Citigroup CEO Robert Rubin, three of the last four Treasury secretaries under Democratic presidents held high-paying jobs at Citigroup either before or after serving at Treasury -- and the fourth was offered, but declined, Citigroup's CEO position. Directors of the National Economic Council and Office of Management and Budget, the current Vice Chairman of the Federal Reserve and the U.S. trade representative, also pulled in millions from Citigroup.
That's what the revolving door looks like at just one Too Big to Fail Bank. What about others? The influence of Goldman Sachs in Washington has been much documented, including here at The Huffington Post. JPMorgan? Shortly before the [Eric] Cantor episode, another former member of Congress -- Democrat Melissa Bean -- took the same senior job at JPMorgan Chase previously held by Democrat Bill Daley before his recent service as White House Chief of Staff. Yes -- this is just a single position at JPMorgan Chase, evidently reserved for the latest politician ready to cash in on Wall Street.
I could go on -- and I will. Soon after they crashed the economy and got tens of billions of dollars in taxpayer bailouts, the biggest Wall Street banks started lobbying Congress to head off any serious financial regulation. Public Citizen and the Center for Responsive Politics found that in 2009 alone, the financial services sector employed 1,447 former federal employees to carry out their lobbying efforts, swarming all over Congress. And who were their top lobbyists? Members of Congress -- in fact, 73 former Members of Congress.
According to a report by the Institute for America's Future, by the following year, the six biggest banks employed 243 lobbyists who once worked in the federal government, including 33 who had worked as chiefs of staff for members of Congress and 54 who had worked as staffers for the banking oversight committees in the Senate or the House.
In recent years, President Obama has repeatedly turned to nominees with close Wall Street ties for high-level economic positions. Jack Lew, who was a top Citigroup official, now serves as Treasury Secretary. The President's choice for Treasury's highest international position, Nathan Sheets, also comes from Citi. For the number two spot at the Federal Reserve, the President tapped Stanley Fischer, another former Citigroup executive. A Bank of America executive, Stefan Selig, was put in charge of international trade at the Commerce Department. The President's two recent picks for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission -- including his choice for Chairman -- are lawyers who have spent their careers representing big financial institutions.
There's plenty of financial expertise in this country. People with banking experience haven't all flocked to the biggest banks; community banks and regional banks, along with smaller trading houses and credit unions, have some very talented people. Nor must every government official come from the financial sector; executives from other business areas, lawyers who have practiced in a wide range of fields, academics, financial advisers, non-profit employees, think-tank researchers, and people with experience elsewhere in government have deep wells of knowledge -- and perspectives that sometimes differ from those who run Wall Street banks.
The over-representation of Wall Street banks in senior government positions sends a bad message. It tells people that one -- and only one -- point of view will dominate economic policymaking. It tells people that whatever goes wrong in this economy, the Wall Street banks will be protected first. That's yet another advantage that Wall Street just doesn't need.
I have voted against only one of President Obama's nominees: Michael Froman, a Citigroup alumnus who is currently storming the halls of Congress as U.S. Trade Representative pushing trade deals that threaten to undermine financial regulation, workers' rights, and environmental protections. Enough is enough.
It's time for the Obama administration to loosen the hold that Wall Street banks have over economic policy making. Sure, big banks are important, but running this economy for American families is a lot more important.
Follow Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Twitter: www.twitter.com/elizabethforma
More:

BJP talking in different voices on abrogating Art 370: OmarAbdullah said that “we are still far away from a BJP government in J&K”.
Written by Bashaarat Masood | Beerwah | Posted: November 21, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: November 21, 2014 12:11 am
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said that his party “can’t support” those who are against Article 370 of the Constitution and accused the BJP of doublespeak on the issue.
Omar hoped that PM Narendra Modi would bring some clarity on the issue when he visits Kishtwar in Jammu to address a rally on Saturday. “There are multiple statements depending on where they are standing. In Jammu, one hears a different point of view and in Kashmir one hears another,” Omar said on the sidelines of his Beerwah rally. “I am hoping when the PM comes here, there is some clarity on exactly where they stand on Article 370”. In Jammu the BJP talks about abrogating Article 370 and in Valley they speak of picking up guns if it is abrogated, Omar said referring to a statement by BJP candidate Hina Bhat.
Omar said that Kashmir’s identity is its flag and Article 370 and that the NC can’t support a party that is against them. While acknowledging that a Modi-factor would play a part in Jammu and parts of Ladakh, he said it would not be a factor in the Valley.
The CM also hit back at the Congress after Congress leaders accused NC of creating hurdles in implementation of “pro-people” policies. “When I was seeking votes for Rahul Gandhi, nobody said NC is a bad party,” he said. “Now that we are contesting the elections separately, everything bad is in us.”

Why a college degree shouldnt be a commodityBy Danielle Douglas-Gabriel November 20 Follow @DaniDougPost
Isn't there more to college than just serving the labor market? (Washington Post)
On a recent episode of NBC's prime-time drama Parenthood, Drew, the lovable grandson in need of a haircut, struggled with an age-old decision: declaring a major. Coming from a low-income, single-parent household, he felt obligated to choose a practical course of study--economics--that would guarantee him a paycheck. Forget his passion for the arts. He, like so many students, had the bug placed in his ear that college is strictly a means to an end.
Of course, getting a job is critical, especially in the era of five-figure student loan debt. There are tons of kids just like Drew, for whom a solid job after graduation is key to financial security for them and their families. And the government, perhaps in recognition of this reality, has called on colleges to do more to prepare students for the workforce. But that agenda is increasingly overshadowing the point of an education beyond being a direct pipeline to a job.
In its latest Survey of Young Workers , the Federal Reserve said educational programs should be aligned with the needs of the labor market for students to get the most out of their education. That's the sort of philosophy that underpins the Obama administration's push for students to pursue degrees in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM). Graduates with STEM degrees are indeed more likely than their peers to have a job, according to a recent Census Bureau report .
Meanwhile, policymakers are deriding liberal arts studies as having little value. President Obama  took a shot at the humanities earlier this year, when he said Americans would be better off pursuing a skilled trade than an art history degree.
It's true that liberal arts majors don't always have an easy career path, but researchers at the Association of American Colleges and Universities found that over time they are employed at the same rates and can earn similar salaries as people with professional degrees.
And a  recent survey by salary information firm PayScale showed that the top three college majors most likely to lead to underemployment were criminal justice, business management & administration and health care administration—all majors that at first blush look eminently practical.
Another study from the Hamilton Project discovered that regardless of major "median earnings of bachelor's degree graduates are higher than median earnings of high school graduates...This is true at career entry, mid-career and end of career."
That bit of information should put some parents at ease, but only looking at the economic value of an education may be a disservice to students and society at large. In a recent piece  for The Washington Post, St. John’s College President Christopher B. Nelson argued that the "lens of economics distorts our judgment about the true worth of higher education."
The purpose of college, he said, is to produce mature, analytic thinkers."The educated graduate is an independent learner, able to seek out answers to whatever questions arise, and able to direct his or her own learning in accordance with the challenges that life presents in the circumstances of his or her own life," Nelson wrote. That sort of critical thinking can arguably be achieved with an art history or engineering degree.
College as a commodity is the kind of thinking that has fueled enrollment at for-profit colleges, places that often promise a direct route from the classroom to the workplace. Revelations of the shady marketing practices, overpriced services and uneven performance of some of these schools ultimately led the government to impose restriction s on how much debt their graduates can hold. Some say those rules should be extended to all colleges to reign in the runaway costs of attendance that has grown faster than the rate of inflation.
Ultimately, the biggest reason that degrees have become commodified is their cost. It's a whole lot easier to justify a bachelor's degree in Russian literature when it costs $3,000 a year, as opposed to $12,000. Cost containment would go a long way to allowing students, like Drew on Parenthood, to pursue what they are passionate about, not just what is more likely to pay the bills.
Related:

Uninor appoints Vivek Sood as CEOUninor appoints Vivek Sood as CEO
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 20:  
Uninor today announced the appointment of Vivek Sood as CEO. Morten Karlsen Sørby steps down as CEO of Uninor due to illness in his immediate family and will assume a new role in Telenor Group.
Uninor has also appointed a new CMO, Upanga Dutta replacing Rajeev Sethi, who moves to Grameenphone as CEO. All the changes are effective December 1, 2014, but Morten will remain as an advisor to the Uninor top management until January 1, 2015.
“With these executive changes, Telenor aims to stimulate further growth and strengthen our position with customers in these markets,” says Sigve Brekke, Executive Vice President and Head of Telenor in Asia.
Vivek Sood is moving back to India from his position as CEO in Grameenphone, the largest mobile operator in Bangladesh. During his two-year tenure Grameenphone has significantly strengthened its market position and gained financial strength. Under him Grameenphone crossed the 50 million customer milestone and became first country within the Telenor Group to do so. Before moving to Grameenphone, Sood was the chief financial officer at Uninor. He has more than 20 years of experience with companies such as Tata AIG Life Insurance, Hutchison Telecom, Tupperware India and Hindustan Lever Limited (Unilever).
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

HC cancels Rampals bail in 2006 murder caseHC cancels Rampal’s bail in 2006 murder case
PTI
Tweet
Chandigarh, Nov 20:  
The Punjab and Haryana High Court today cancelled the bail of controversial ‘godman’ Rampal in a 2006 murder case and ordered that he be taken into custody immediately.
The High Court pronounced the cancellation of bail immediately after Haryana Advocate General and Station House Officer (SHO) of Barwala police station in Hisar moved an application stating that Rampal had been arrested in a contempt of court case.
The Bench comprising Justices M Jeyapaul and Darshan Singh ordered that he be arrested immediately in the 2006 murder case.
The court, which had suo motu taken up the issue of cancellation of bail on November 10 when Rampal failed to appear in the contempt case, had on November 18 reserved the order after hearing the defence, the state and amicus curiae.
Rampal was nabbed last night at his ashram in Barwala after an over two-week tense standoff between police and his supporters, who were resisting his arrest after non-bailable warrants were issued against him for not appearing in the contempt case.
The HC has also directed that Rampal must be produced at 2 p.m. in the contempt of court case after Attorney General B R Mahajan and Barwala SHO Anil Kumar moved an application informing the court that Rampal was arrested last night.
A large number of security personnel had been deployed around the High Court complex.
Rampal is on bail in connection with a murder case registered in 2006 after a clash at his Ashram at Kainthola in Rohtak district where one person had died and some others were injured.
The self styled ‘godman’ had failed to appear before the High Court on three dates — November 5, November 10 and November 17.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Be briefed for breakfastIf you would like to update your preferences, please use your PC. This application may not be functional on a mobile device.

Sign up now to our new essential daily email briefing of the best of the stories from across the webIf you would like to update your preferences, please use your PC. This application may not be functional on a mobile device.

It s hard to break the glass ceilingWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

New deal for investorsTweet
SEBI’s new regulations on material disclosures, insider trading and delisting reduce the wiggle room for market offenders
Of the many decisions taken by the Securities and Exchange Board of India this week, the regulation to tighten disclosure requirements for companies post-listing is likely to have the most significant impact on investors. Presently, a company seeking to go public for the first time is subject to onerous disclosures through a prospectus, which discusses threadbare the firm’s financials, business prospects, risks and regulatory issues. But the information flow often dries up the moment the company is listed. Though Clause 36 of the listing agreement requires firms to regularly intimate material and price sensitive information to the bourses, such disclosures are piecemeal, discretionary and short on information critical to investment decisions. Some companies interpret the clause narrowly, religiously disclosing events such as natural calamities, fire and strikes which physically disrupt their operations, but ignoring far more material developments such as acquisition attempts, fraud by key employees or regulatory actions which affect them.
In its new regulations, SEBI has done away with such discretion and ambiguity by clearly listing out 16 broad types of material developments that companies must report to the bourses. This will ensure that public shareholders have more regular and meaningful updates about the companies they own and are not disadvantaged when compared to brokers and institutional investors, who have a cosy relationship with company managements. A full-fledged regulation that mandates such disclosures is better enforced than a listing agreement, which is only in the nature of a contractual obligation. The change should empower the regulator to take more stringent action in cases of default, which is rampant today. Forget material events, a significant number of listed companies presently skip even basic disclosure of financial results and shareholding patterns. If SEBI’s new disclosure rules aim to reduce information asymmetry, the redrafting of the insider trading regulations of 1992 attempt to improve market integrity. Though India’s insider trading laws are quite stringent, successive amendments to them to plug loopholes over the last two decades have led to drafting errors and inconsistencies. The law has been strengthened by expanding the definition of ‘insider’ to include not just employees but all those who deal with a listed company. SEBI has also laid down tests for price sensitive information and mandated prior disclosure by insiders planning to trade on a stock. SEBI is also tweaking its delisting regulations to specify clear milestones for completion of the process by companies and reducing the time for this from 137 to 76 working days.
These measures supplement the effort in the new Companies Act to strengthen the governance structure for listed companies and afford greater protection to small investors. But past experience suggests that strengthening the regulatory framework alone does not improve compliance. SEBI and the exchanges need to work on prompt detection of rule violations and take quick punitive action against offenders if companies and market participants are to stop taking the retail investor for granted.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Merchants of death in Indian pharmaMerchants of death in Indian pharma
Dinesh Thakur
Tweet
PTI Beyond the scandal Indian medicines continue to be sub-standard, if not lethal
The Bilaspur sterilisation tragedy and the role played by drug companies shows up the regulator in poor light
As the sterilisation tragedy unfolded in Bilaspur, where as many as 14 women succumbed to medical misconduct, the media was all over the local administration, rightfully asking some tough questions. Barkha Dutt from NDTV interviewed Raman Singh, chief minister of Chhattisgarh and pointedly asked him about “political accountability” for the tragedy. This was the line of questioning on news channels and newspaper reports.
In the last few days, local newspapers carried news of arrests of Ramesh Mahawar of Mahawar Pharmaceuticals and Rakesh Khare of Kavita Pharmaceuticals after reports emerged that the antibiotic Ciprofloxacin allegedly manufactured by these two pharmaceutical manufacturers was laced with rat poison.
One newspaper quoted GN Singh, the Drug Controller General of India, saying “if the drugs are found to be substandard, we will suspend the license of the manufacturer”. Apparently, they had done this in 2012, when Mahawar Pharmawas stopped from manufacturing medicines after it was found to have produced “sub-standard” drugs for 90 days.
The basis on which it was allowed to resume production after the ban is not entirely clear.
An incident of this nature begs the following questions: Who is responsible for public health in India? Is the role of the national regulator is limited to handing out punishment to those who indulge in fraud retroactively? Why don’t our regulators to work proactively and protect public health?
Ailing systems
In May 2012, the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Health and Family Welfare submitted its report to the Rajya Sabha on the functioning of the Central Drugs Standards Control Organization (CDSCO).
The following are excerpts from this report: “There is sufficient evidence on record to conclude that there is collusive nexus between drug manufacturers, some functionaries of CDSCO and some medical experts.” “… the Committee is disillusioned with the qualifications provided in the age old Rules for the head of a crucial authority like CDSCO. The extant Indian system is nowhere in so far as sheer competence and professional qualifications are concerned when compared with countries like USA and UK.” “…is a matter of grave concern that there are serious shortcomings in Centre- State coordination in the implementation of Drugs & Cosmetics Act and Rules.”
That was over two years ago. Yes, there has been an increase in the budget and resources allocated to the CDSCO; some processes and coordination between the central and State health regulators have been streamlined.
But these perfunctory changes do not address the root cause of the problem. It is important to judge the performance of the regulator not in terms of how many inspectors it has, or what kind of budget it commands, but in terms of its core mission; how effectively does it protect public health? On this scale, what rating would you give the CDSCO? I would give it a F. Let me explain why.
Cheating all the way
When my case against Ranbaxy broke in May 2013, the CDSCO made public commitments to inspect the facilities that produced adulterated and substandard drugs for the US market. We are yet to hear the outcome of these inspections.
In the meantime, 15 other well-known, India-based pharmaceutical companies, whose medicines are used extensively in India, have been cited by the US FDA for “data integrity”. During the inspections that the FDA conducted of their manufacturing facilities, it was found that these companies were faking test results to make bad medicines look good.
Some of these facilities have been put on an import-ban list. Examples of the cited behaviour include releasing failing product, reprocessing failing product with different test parameters to make it pass, backdating test results and the list goes on.
Should we not expect the CDSCO to the samein India? If large, seemingly reputable pharmaceutical companies are cited for such behaviour, what about the hundreds of small outfits such as Mahawar Pharma and Kavita Pharma? Who is keeping an eye on them?
The standard justification used by both the industry and the CDSCO is that problems with the FDA inspection are related to documentation. They say the standards for documentation that India requires are different from those expected by the FDA.
Well, let them explain that to the families of the 14 women who were murdered in Bilaspur last week. It is not enough for the CDSCO to penalise fraud after a tragedy occurs; its mandate ought to be to protect the citizens of this country from fraudulent drug manufacturers, from their adulterated products entering the supply chain. It is in this mission that it fails spectacularly. Revoking licenses retroactively is an easy face-saving measure; one that doesn’t absolve it from its primary responsibility.
Need an overhaul
I have argued in the past that the entire regulatory system for medicines in India needs a fundamental overhaul. Change begins at the top. India needs a clean, internationally experienced, medical doctor to head its public health mission whose integrity is beyond reproach.
If Raghuram Rajan can run the RBI, why can’t a trained medical doctor of Indian origin run the CDSCO? Only such a person can overhaul the rot that exists within the CDSCO.
The law governing public health dates back to 1940. Yes, it has been amended, but has not caught up with times. The interests of individual States that derive licensing revenue from pharmaceutical manufacturing facilities need to be reconciled with the overarching need for public health.
The position of the head of CDSCO needs to be at the Ministerial level so that Cabinet meetings on drug policy are not dominated by the commerce department, which routinely ignores quality concerns and promotes Indian business regardless of publicly acknowledged quality-related issues.
Only an effective leader can oversee such a fundamental overhaul of this ineffective regulator.
One had high hopes from Harsh Vardhan, who recently left the health ministry because he seemed to understand the challenge we face. He rightfully called the CDSCO “a snake pit of vested interests”.
Sadly, he did precious little to fix this mess despite my offer to help. Let’s hope that the tragedy in Bilaspur serves as a wake-up call for the current government. If it doesn’t take up this cause, it will be an opportunity lost for generations to come.
The writer is the executive chairman of Medassure Global Compliance Corp and was the whistleblower against Ranbaxy Laboratories
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

When plantations become tourist hotspotsWhen plantations become tourist hotspots
Tharian George K
Tea and beauty Will it all last? CURIOSO/SHUTTERSTOCK.COM
The Kerala government should mull over the environmental effects and the possibility of plantation activity being abandoned
Perhaps, no State in India has the geophysical diversity of Kerala.
It is a confluence of mountains and midlands, networked by about 44 rivers and the plateau of the coastal belt, embellished with unique backwaters and bordered by the sea on the west.
The tea plantations in the highlands to paddy cultivation in the wetlands even below sea level in Kuttanad bear out the diversity of cropping systems in the State.
However, the land is vulnerable to environmental problems, especially with the interventions in the highlands where plantation crops such as tea and cardamom are cultivated. An estimated 1.4 million households are dependent on Kerala’s plantation sector.
Vulnerable sector
Despite the fluctuating fortunes of the four crops over time, the plight of the plantation sector in Kerala since the late 1990s has attracted wide attention. The growing uncertainties in the market have contributed to the abandonment of prescribed agro-management measures, and have led to labour retrenchment, lockouts and resistance to routine tripartite wage negotiations. These issues have been considered the inevitable outcomes of trade reforms initiated since the early 1990s.
It is perceived that the domestic plantation sector has not been competitive, and is vulnerable to external competition. Meanwhile, there has either been a decline or stagnation in the share of farm gate price in the value chain, with limited survival options for producers.
The two available options for survival are either to restructure the existing arrangements or to identify new sources of income.
The former has serious limitations, and so the attention has been on exploring new avenues. It is in this context that the unique geophysical features of the highlands offer scope for eco-tourism in the tea, cardamom and coffee growing regions.
. There are someinbuilt advantages: (i) the plantation land as well as the unique ecosystem, which are the fixed assets-cum-commodities for sale, are inexhaustible at least in the short-run; (ii) additional investment in the renovation of fixed assets and operational expenses is negligible except for extra facilities to be provided for accommodation; (iii) sustained support by the government for the popularisation and promotion of tourism; and (iv) higher returns for land compared to all the farming options.
Fundamental issues
The informal efforts by the planting community have gained legitimacy with the cabinet decision of the Kerala government to allow 5 per cent of the plantation land to be utilised for tourism and for growing medicinal plants, floriculture and vanilla. Despite the exciting opportunities, the new survival strategy raises certain issues from a long-term perspective.
First, all the plantation crops had been exempted from land ceiling legislations enacted in the State primarily under the presumption of the existence of scale economies in plantation agriculture.
Second, the new survival strategy is a bail-out mechanism for the benefit of those who own land and does not address any of the deep-rooted issues.
Third, the possibility of tourism leading to a gradual abandonment of plantations looms large in the absence of a regular monitoring mechanism. Fourth, the potential risks associated with the present interventions will expose the limits to the carrying capacity of the prevailing ecosystem.
Moreover, due to the contiguous nature of land in the State, the environmental impact of the new interventions in the highlands will have a cascading effect on the midlands and low-lying areas.
The apprehensions on the potential consequences of the tourism industry in the plantation sector are: (i) given the emerging trends in Kerala’s land market, plantation land will be ultimately taken over by real estate dealers who are keen to appropriate maximum returns in the shortest possible time defying socio-economic and environmental issues; and (ii) issues related to waste generation and disposal in the long-run.
The lingering issues pose serious questions about the survival of plantations and their stakeholders, not to mention the environment itself.
The writer is the joint director of the Rubber Research Institute of India. The views are personal
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Online shopper base to grow to 100 millionOnline shopper base to grow to 100 million
Our Bureau
Right click Rajan Anandan, VP and MD Google India at a press conference in the Capital on Thursday. KAMAL NARANG
Over 50 million new buyers to come from Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities: Google report
New Delhi, Nov 20:  
Rising consumer confidence and growing internet penetration is set to help e-commerce become a $15 billion market by 2016. According to an online shopping growth trends report released by Google on Thursday, India’s e-tailing market is at an inflection point and will have nearly 100 million online shoppers by 2016.
The online shopper base was pegged at 8 million in 2012 and grew to 35 million by 2014.
Gender bender
The research which was done in collaboration with Forrester Consulting revealed that women buyers are set to become one of the significant contributors to the growth of online shopping.
Out of the 100 million buyers, nearly 40 million women are estimated to shop online in India by 2016. The research said that women buyers in Tier 1 cities were found to be far more engaged in online shopping and outspend men by 2x. Categories like apparels, beauty & skincare, home furnishing, baby products and jewellery were largely being driven by women consumers.
The research was conducted among 6859 respondents covering both online buyers and non-buyers in 50 cities and town. Factors like convenience and variety is what led the respondents to buy online. Over 60 per cent respondents also felt that buying online was directly co-related with social status.
Google India MD Rajan Anandan said, “The online shoppers base will grow 3x by 2016 and over 50 million new buyers will come from Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities. The consumer confidence to shop online has grown significantly in last year and a half. Nearly 71 per cent non-buyers from Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities said they plan to shop online in next 12 months.”
The research also reveals that mobile is at the heart of online shopping. One out of three buyers in Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities are transacting through mobile. Added Nitin Bawankule, Industry Director for Ecommerce, Local and Classifieds, Google India, “The e-tailing industry needs to act now to cater to this strong user growth trend. Improved customer experience across all touch points, easy to use mobile apps can create a strong pull for non-buyers to shop online in Tier1 and Tier 2 cities.”
Barriers
In terms of challenges, 62 per cent buyers said they were not satisfied with their online shopping experience, while 67 per cent said the current return process was too complicated and expensive.
Among non-buyers, trust was a major issue with 55 per cent saying they did not trust the quality of products sold online. Respondents expressed concerns about safety of online transactions
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Mumbai among worlds best cities to live and work in: INSEAD surveyQuality of life: The financial capital came 13th in overall attractiveness. KISHOREJ\SHUTTERSTOCK.COM
It is the only Indian city to appear in the list of 15 best cities worldwide
Dubai, November 20:  
India’s financial capital Mumbai is among the world’s most attractive cities in terms of professional and private life in a list topped by Dubai and followed by Amsterdam.
INSEAD, one of the world’s leading and largest graduate business schools, carried out the survey titled ‘INSEAD Alumni’ and found that Dubai was rated world’s most attractive city to live and work in. Surprisingly, London ranked 10 and Paris 11.
Mumbai, which ranked 13, is the only Indian city to appear in the list of 15 best cities worldwide.
It came 13th in overall attractiveness, seventh in economic dynamism, 15th in quality of life and fifth in cost of living, INSEAD said.
Dubai was followed by Amsterdam which rated second, then Toronto, Singapore, Madrid, Hong Kong, New York, Tokyo, Shanghai, London, Paris, Milano, Mumbai, Moscow and Sao Paulo respectively.
“To some it might come as a surprise that Dubai has been ranked as the best place to work globally by the INSEAD Alumni Association, but for INSEAD in the region this is not a revelation.
Top of the list
Dubai ranked first in economic dynamism, third in overall attractiveness and stood received the fourth place in quality of life and cost of living.
INSEAD Alumni Association France recorded and assessed the responses of 835 INSEAD Alumni with international working experience.
The assessments were drawn from 30 criteria dealing with professional and private life that include economic dynamism (quality of labour, access to funding, etc), quality of life (sports and cultural facilities, air quality, etc) and cost of living (real estate, dining and entertainment, etc) among others.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Bulgari re-enters India  opens first boutique store in DelhiHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Bulgari re-enters India, opens first boutique store in Delhi
Meenakshi Verma Ambwani
Tweet
New Delhi, November 20:  
Luxury jewellery company Bulgari has re-entered India and opened its first boutique store at New Delhi’s DLF Emporio after getting nod from the Foreign Investment Promotion Board to set up single retail brand stores under a joint venture.
A part of the LVMH Group, the Italian brand is known for its jewellery, watches, accessories and fragrances. Earlier, the brand was present in India through a franchise partner, but withdrew its stores in 2011.
“Indians are very big jewellery consumers and are buying more than any other nation. But they are largely buying from family and neighbourhood jewellers, who are essentially local players. We are selling jewellery across many countries and believe we will be able to get a growing market share out of the total cake. As the market is expanding, there is room for everybody to grow,” Jean-Christophe Babin, CEO of the Bulgari Group, told Business Line. He said Indian consumers buy Bulgari products when they travel abroad and contribute significantly to the company’s business when they are out of the country. Now that the company is establishing its boutique stores in the country, it hopes to get bigger business.
“In the current joint venture, we have a majority stake and we decide everything and we believe we can represent the brand in a more complete way and present all the facets of the brand and have more control over the distribution.” The company did not give specifics about its Indian partner.
Asked about expansion plans, Babin said, “Given the distribution of demographics in the country, there is room for growth for luxury brands in 5-10 cities in the coming years. But the point is that there are not the right kinds of retail spaces or malls in these cities that meet the requirements of luxury brands.”
He said the company could look at opening boutique stores in luxury hotels but added that these had limitations as they attract limited traffic and are not enough to develop a big luxury business.
“Our expansion strategy will need to be a combination of luxury malls and selective luxury hotels,” Babin added. For now, the company is looking out for the right kind of luxury retail spaces to open additional boutique stores.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Further stimulus by Japan foolhardyNovember 20, 2014 6:11 am
Japan’s stimulus plan is not courageous but foolhardy
William White
It carries risks that could seriously affect the global economy, writes William White
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5dfdcf52-6e56-11e4-afe5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How fund managers are playing PutinSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Food supply: The big catch© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/8aecf716-6e49-11e4-afe5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fish farming has become a victim of its own success and is struggling to keep its product healthyJapan A ballot on Abenomics
“The agricultural revolution meant that people no longer needed to hunt,” says Alf-Helge Aarskog, chief executive of Marine Harvest. “That is the same as we are doing [in fishing].”
Fish cultivation spans centuries – manuscripts show that the Chinese grew carp around the 5th century BC. The ancient Egyptians also attempted farming fish, and there are indications that Mediterranean civilisations cultivated oysters. But it has been over the past half century that aquaculture developed into an industry.
Farmed fish production has grown by 13 times since 1980, with the industry producing $144bn worth of salmon, shrimp, trout, scallops and many other species in 2012. The amount of captured wild fish has remained stagnant since the 1990s at around 90m tonnes a year as a result of the depletion of key grounds and the introduction of quotas.
The steady rise in demand for seafood catapulted farmed fish production above global beef output in volume terms in 2010. Shrimp and salmon, species where farming has boosted production, top the list for the total global seafood trade, which was worth $136bn in 2013.
More video
Industry executives say farming has brought two crucial changes that have underpinned growth: consistency of supply and much lower consumer prices.
The buoyant outlook has attracted new investors. Mitsubishi , the Japanese trading house, recently bought Norwegian salmon farmer Cermaq for $1.4bn, suggesting that multinationals have woken up to the financial potential of the sector.
But after two decades of strong performance, the seafood farming industry is facing growing pains. Dubbed the “blue revolution” in the mid-20th century, fish farming was initially seen as an environmentally friendly way to produce food using limited resources and agricultural waste.
No longer. In the 1980s, it came under pressure for the overuse of antibiotics in fishfeed and environmental issues such as destruction of mangroves and pollution from wastewater.
Thousands of miles from the fjords of Norway, a flight over Surat Thani, in the southern part of Thailand, reveals the most acute challenges facing the farming industry.
In the South China Sea, the devastating impact of the so-called early mortality syndrome hitting shrimp is clear. The disease has ravaged Thailand’s shrimp industry since 2012. But it is only a sign of a much bigger problem: high-intensity farming pollutes and can foster the spread of disease.
Audun Lem, a seafood expert at the FAO in Rome, says that while farming has worked hard to improve its environmental record, “the problems from the 1980s and 1990s still stain the industry”.
Once the largest producer of shrimp in the world, Thailand’s production is set to drop by a third to about 200,000 tonnes. The disease has also hit neighbouring Malaysia, Vietnam and China and has spread as far as Mexico. The result is a sharp fall in shrimp supplies, which have pushed up prices by 35 per cent over the past five years.
“Since the disease hit, survival has fallen by half,” says Daniel Gruenberg,
a consultant in Thailand.
This epidemic, along with the white spot disease that hit shrimp farms in the 1990s and the salmon anaemia that devastated Chile’s salmon industry four years ago, has helped make fish health a priority. But while the challenge of disease has grown, veterinary science – still in its infancy in the fish industry compared with agriculture – has struggled to cope.
Frank Asche, a marine economist and professor at Norway’s University of Stavanger, argues that the fish farming industry is still learning ways to deal with disease. “Like agriculture, we need to prevent and cure.”
Science is starting to help. In Japan, genetic information and classic breeding methods are being combined to develop strains of fish less susceptible to disease.
Takashi Sakamoto, a researcher at the Tokyo University of Marine Science and Technology, has developed a flounder immune to some viral infections. “Using genetic information we can create more disease-resistant fish,” he says. “That is where the world is going.”
Aaron McNevin, director of aquaculture at the World Wildlife Fund, says efforts to fight disease have eased pollution because healthy fish require fewer chemicals. “Pollution is still ubiquitous but improving. Biosecurity has facilitated lower pollution loads,” he says.
Industry executives and conservationists worry that a move to countries where there is less regulation could hurt the industry. Myanmar has become a new production centre for shrimp. India’s industry is expanding fast, while farmed tilapia, a firm freshwater fish, has proved popular in Brazil and several African countries.
Along with disease and pollution, the other big problem facing the seafood industry is rising costs.
Rick Barrows, a researcher at the US agriculture department, has been studying alternative fish feeds to move away from the traditional, and increasingly expensive, feed: other fish.
Farmed fish typically are fed the wild variety – mainly anchovies caught off the coasts of Chile, Peru and elsewhere. Salmon farmers, for example, use 1.4kg of fish feed to produce a single kilogramme of salmon, which has come down from a 3:1 ratio in 2000. Mr Barrows’ trial diets include organisms such as yeast, bacteria and algae.
When the sector was in its infancy, supplies of fishmeal were abundant and prices relatively low. But in recent years, as aquaculture consumption jumped, the price of fishmeal in producers such as Peru has also hit record highs.
The sharp price increase has accelerated efforts to replace proteins from fish with plants, such as soyabean and sunflower seeds. But there is a catch. While companies have managed to lower the fish content to about a quarter of the total used in the feed, they still rely on wild fish for the Omega-3 fatty acids that are beneficial to human health. Mr Barrows calls a substitute for fish oil “the holy grail” for the industry.
The experience of the agriculture and livestock sectors shows that the challenges are solvable. But the easy years of growth, when output boomed and prices declined, are firmly behind the seafood industry. The sector has entered uncharted waters.
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

The crowded dollar trade with buck at 7-year highThe crowded dollar trade Nov 20, 2014 - 1:19 pm
With the dollar at a 7 year high against the yen, Delphine Strauss, currencies correspondent, asks David Bloom, currency strategist at HSBC, what it will take to reignite its rally against other major currencies. Also, does the Save our Swiss Gold Initiative threaten the SNB's cap on the Swiss franc, and should investors worry about the consensus prevailing in forex markets?

Apple is planning to bundle Beats on iPhoneShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Beats on every iPhone
Nov 20, 2014 : Apple is planning to bundle the subscription music service it acquired from Beats into its iOS operating system. FT global media editor Matthew Garrahan talks to Lex writer Sujeet Indap about the implications for the music industry and streaming rivals such as Spotify.
Links:  Apple plans to push Beats to every iPhone  /  Credits: Produced and filmed by Gregory Bobillot. Edited by Josh de la Mare. Video courtesy of Beats. Stills from Getty.

Samsung Gear S: Smartphone on the wristShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Samsung Gear S: Smartphone on the wrist
Nov 20, 2014 : It might not make the cover of Vogue magazine, but the Gear S’s 4G connectivity makes it feel like a smartwatch for the future. The FT's Tim Bradshaw tries one on.
Credits: Produced by Paolo Pascual and Tim Bradshaw. Edited by Paolo Pascual. Additional still pictures from AFP and Samsung.

Square to launch Register app worldwideSquare to launch free Register app worldwide
Sarah Mishkin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d107b440-6f2d-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Goldman Sachs/NY Fed: wrong door© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/6ec3bad8-70d9-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Start-ups struggle to deal with criticism© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/97259b4a-70c5-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Samsung Gear S: a smartphone on the wrist© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d796f0be-6e47-11e4-afe5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Iron ore miners: Fe-ling forecasts© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/31de0e82-709f-11e4-9129-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pandora: striking the right note© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/4f75e186-70d1-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Technip: trial and error© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/cacc9996-70af-11e4-9129-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Salman Khan introduces Iulia Vantur as girlfriend to family on Arpita s weddingPrint
Salman and Iulia are said to have spent a lot of time together during Arpita's wedding ceremonies.
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 1:31 pm | Updated: November 22, 2014 2:04 pm
And you thought it was over? Well, we also did. But apparently, it’s not. We are talking about Salman Khan’s alleged relationship with Romanian model-actress Iulia Vantur.
The duo is said to have spent a lot of time together during Salman Khan’s sister Arpita’s wedding ceremonies. The superstar has even gone ahead to introduce Iulia as his girlfriend to his family members. (Read: Salman Khan calls Katrina Kaif – Kapoor)
According to a report published in Times Of India , a source present at the wedding says, “ Salman and Iulia were always together. There have been rumours linking him to Jacqueline Fernandez and Daisy Shah, but the fact is that Salman is in love with Iulia. She is very comfortable with his family too.”  (See Pics:  Arpita Khan’s wedding album)
Reportedly, Iulia has been staying in a five-star hotel in Bandra, which falls very close to Salman Khan’s Galaxy apartments. And apparently, it’s Salman Khan who pays all the bills.
Going by the history, Salman Khan has always had a liking towards the lighter skin. From Katrina Kaif to Elli Avram, the actor keeps a soft corner for the ‘phirangi’ beauties. Having said that, we do believe that Iulia Vantur is more than just the fair skin as Salman Khan is looking forward to get settled in his life with the pretty lady.
Also read – Salman Khan to marry soon? Sister Arpita Khan drops ‘kaleera’
Iulia Vantur had earlier made an appearance in an item number in Atul Agnihotri’s ‘O Teri’. It’s also said that at the start it was Arpita Khan who didn’t quite approve of this relationship, as she thought that Iulia was using her brother as a ticket to Bollywood. But guess, all is well now and with Salman looking ‘desperate’ to have the ‘kalirey’ dropped on him, we guess, we’ll see a grand wedding in the ‘Khan-daan’ soon.
Looks like, from calling ex-girlfriend ‘Katrina Kapoor’ to almost confirming his relationship status with Iulia, it’s Salman Khan who really stole the thunder at Arpita’s wedding. But, will we see this story going into fruition? Guess, we’ll have to wait!

Home is where the heart isUpdated: November 20, 2014 20:27 IST
Home is where the heart is
PREETI ZACHARIAH
animal
It’s not just his spiritual inclination, but also compassion for animals that made Leslie Robinson give up a comfortable home in the U.S. to open a shelter for strays in Tiruvannamalai
“All you need is love”, sang the Beatles nearly half a century ago but the sentiment is evergreen believes Leslie Robinson of the Arunachala Animal Sanctuary and Rescue Shelter, Tiruvannamalai, who strives to elevate the quality of life of the stray animals in the area, “This is a no-kill shelter and we treat any animal in need by offering not just medical help and shelter but also demonstrative love. Our belief is that deep healing will only take place if an animal feels secure, cared for, and loved.”
Leslie, who describes himself as an ageing expatriate warrior, is a citizen of the United States of America. A graduate in business and actuarial mathematics from the University of Michigan, he worked in actuarial firms and his own consultancy for several years before embracing spirituality and inevitably drifting towards India. “I used to be really rich. But I’m poor now. The money would have really come in useful though,” he smiles, crinkles forming around his periwinkle blue eyes.  
Despite the slightly run-down nature of the shelter and the all-pervasive smell of animal waste that drifts towards us, Leslie appears almost unfazed by the challenge he faces every day. “Yes, it is not easy but it has been an amazing journey so far and we have managed to transform the lives of the people and animals in this area.  Since we started in 2007, we have rescued over 2000 animals, sterilised more than 5000 dogs and doled out close to 10,000 rabies injections. There are far fewer cases of rabies today and the dogs in the area are less aggressive,” he says, adding that there have also been a considerable number of other animals like monkeys, cats, livestock, birds and reptiles treated here. They also organise puppy adoptions in the town, he says. His initiation into the realm of animal welfare was rather serendipitous. Though Leslie admits to having always loved animals, his journey really began in 2006 when he came to the sleepy, little temple town for a two-week break, “Some days before I was to leave, word spread that the Municipality was going to start killing dogs street by street to cull the population. I started making phone calls to all the people I knew and we managed to stop it. But the area was overrun with dogs, so I knew that unless a clear population control policy was put in place, the killing would start again. So I decided to stay back and do it,” he says.
The shelter which houses anywhere between 125-175 animals and has a staff of around 18 offers the following services — an ABC sterilisation and anti-rabies programme, a clinic, hospital and hospice facilities, a sanctuary for homeless animals, an effective adoption program and a 24/7 animal rescue facility, says Leslie. Though it certainly is a remarkable achievement for someone who claims to have just been, “a person passing through,” far more needs to be done to sustain it.
Animal work may often be seen as a thankless, uphill task, but Leslie is convinced that it trickles down to making people better human beings. “People who learn how to love animals, change for the better. Love is such a fierce, powerful force and your heart cannot remain untouched by it. When your heart opens up, you become a nicer person. And nicer people become communities that are nicer to each other. As Mahatma Gandhi says, ‘The greatness of a nation can be judged by the way it treats its animals.’ And I believe he is right.”

Grounded in eruditionUpdated: November 20, 2014 18:08 IST
Grounded in erudition
Saleem Akhtar, the recipients of this year’s Majlis-e-Farogh-e-Urdu award
TOPICS
books and literature
Sharif Husain Qasmi and Saleem Akhtar, the recipients of this year’s Majlis-e-Farogh-e-Urdu award, look at the poets through the prism of psychoanalysis and search for Urdu works beyond the pale of colonial rule.
Literature can only survive in the soap-opera driven post modern world only if it offers a window into a world shaped by felt cultural heritage. The longed-for world, if not completely lost, has been rapidly fading away from view. Poetry does narrate the tale of snapped ties that leaves people teary-eyed but prose writing firmly grounded in scholarship, tradition and cultural sensitivity remains unsung and prose writers except novelists hardly get recognition.
To supplement what has been left out, a reputed literary organization of Qatar, Majlis-e-Farogh-e-Urdu initiated awards that are given annually to prose writers one each from India and Pakistan.
The award carries a cash prize of Rs.1.50 lakh and a gold trophy. As many as 36 great exponents of prose both from India and Pakistan have so far received the awards.
“The prowess of prose rooted in cultural and historical sensibility provides a shield from the scourge of cultural homogeneity and the contemporary internet and mobile driven society leaves no stone unturned to trounce the written word and that is why our organization goes beyond poetic symposiums and honours eminent scholars,” says Mohammad Atiq, Chairman, Board of patrons of Majlis-e-Farogh-e-Urdu Adam (organization for promotion of Urdu Literature), Doha.
This year two eminent scholars and critics Professor Sharif Husain Qasmi (Delhi) and Professor Saleem Akhtar (Lahore) have received awards.
Having authored more than six dozen books in various genres, Saleem Akhtar, blazed a new trail in Urdu literature by zeroing in on the deepest recesses of the human consciousness. His focused appraisal of Iqbal, Ghalib, Manto and Josh set psycho and analytical criticism in motion in Urdu.
Analysing the letters of Ghalib from the backdrop of psychoanalysis, Akhtar observes that Ghalib’s much admired poetry betrays a marked narcissism but his letters reveal blatant sycophancy and a sickening longing for the mundane. Helplessness, a deep rooted sense of insecurity and death wish provide the scaffolding of his prose but his letters do indicate narrative trickery.
Ghalib’s masterstroke of self parody is fully reflected in his prose. Akhtar has written extensively on Iqbal, Ghalib and has also produced six collections of short stories, one novel, two biographies, autobiography and two travelogues.
An internationally recognised scholar of Indo-Persian literature, Qasmi writes in English, Urdu and Persian with equal case. His perceptive writings are braced for acquainting us with what has not been told by the colonial historians. Hardly any detailed account is available in Urdu about what was written prior to the colonial rule.
The cultural and literary history related to 8th Century to the Mughal empire that reveals a very strong bond of cultural unity is almost neglected and Qasmi’s writing urges us to look beyond the history of colonialism.
His pellucid prose backed with historical evidences invites the readers to merge with the page of historical narrative that is abound with innumerable literary exposition of felt heritage.
Selected by an independent and highly respected jury headed by Professor Gopi Chand Narang, former President National Academy of Letters, India and Intizar Husain, eminent fiction writers (Pakistan), the writing of this year's awardees make it clear that cultural unity hold the key to peace in the sub continent and it could only be provided by the Urdu literature.

Voices from the sidelinesUpdated: November 20, 2014 20:33 IST
Voices from the sidelines
books and literature
Sudha Menon’s latest book Gifted tells the empowering stories of 15 differently-abled achievers in the country
“Ordinary people with extraordinary courage” forms the crux of author and former journalist Sudha Menon’s latest book Gifted. Launched recently at Starmark in the city, the book is a collection of stories of 15 people with disabilities. With two decades of journalistic experience to back her, Sudha travelled across the country to meet these “everyday people”, whose stories, she feels, “must be told”.
Ashwin Karthik, a software engineer who is a quadriplegic, Dr. Suresh Advani, a pioneering bone-marrow transplant specialist bound to a wheel-chair, visually-impaired George Abraham, who fights for the cause of those like him…Sudha tells the stories of men and women who “started life with a terrible disadvantage”.
Sudha spent two years on the book, which she has co-authored with V. R. Ferose, the founder of the India Inclusion Summit. Around 30 people were interviewed in the process, 15 of whom were selected to be featured so that there was a “diversity of stories”.
Sudha says that working on the book has changed her in many ways. “I realised we need to be grateful for what we have; that we need to appreciate the little things in life.”
Every person Sudha interviewed left an impression on her. “It was an emotionally taxing experience,” she says. She also realised how much the system has failed people with disabilities in India. “We marginalise them; pretend they don’t even exist. How many such people do we see in a museum, a sports shop or a book store? There are no public toilets for people with disabilities in our cities,” she says. “The failure of the system in our country is shameful.”
Sudha says that the government must create public spaces that are inclusive of the differently-abled. “When we plan a new railway station, for instance, we must ensure that there are ramps to enable access to people with disabilities,” she adds.
Sudha has two other titles to her credit — Legacy, a book of letters written by inspirational men and women of the country to their daughters, and Leading Ladies that tells the story of women who hold prestigious positions in various organisations.
The 48-year-old quit her job in the media in 2009 to write. “I’ve always wanted to become a writer,” she says. Her father, a railways trade union leader, ensured she was surrounded by books in her younger days. “I grew up reading a lot of Russian classics,” she says. “Even back then, I wanted to tell stories.”
About writing fiction she says, “Some day, I will. May be when I’m 80 or something. Till then, there’s so much to observe and write about in real life.”
Sudha is next working on a women-oriented subject. “I’m fascinated by the stories of women,” she says. “She becomes the focal point of expectations of everyone in the family.”
Sudha enjoys writing non-fiction, for she finds the true stories of people to have all the elements of a gripping best-seller — drama, romance, action. “Why would I want to create an imaginary world?”

ID Theft Can Take Heavy Emotional Toll on VictimsID theft can take heavy emotional toll on victims
Herb Weisbaum TODAY contributor
Email
Identity theft is in the news so often that it’s easy to lose sight of how devastating this crime can be.
Dealing with a stolen debit or credit card number is generally quick and easy – you make a call, get a new account number and card, and have any fraudulent charges or withdrawals wiped away.
When a crook steals your Social Security number or other personally identifiable information and pretends to be you, he can drain your bank accounts, get new credit cards in your name, steal your tax refund or use your insurance for medical procedures.
Ahn Young-joon / AP
Victims of identity theft can feel incredibly vulnerable and helpless, because the system didn’t work for them.
“It’s been a nightmare,” said Diane, a victim in Minnesota, who says she’s had her life turned upside down by an identity thief. To protect her identity, she did not want NBC News to use her last name.
“My husband and I would have survived better had our house burned to the ground, or if we had been burglarized or robbed at gunpoint. There would have been less hassle, less stress and less indignation,” she said. “It caused the death of our marriage and of everything we’ve known to be safe and secure. I have no hope or faith or trust in anybody anymore.”
Diane was one of 200 identity theft victims who took part in a survey done by the non-profit Identity Theft Resource Center (ITRC). The new report highlights the many emotional and behavioral effects of identity theft and how they can continue for years after the initial crime.
Eva Velasquez, IRTC’s president and CEO, says victims feel incredibly vulnerable and helpless, because the system didn’t work for them. They often spend days, weeks, months, even years trying to unravel the financial tangles left by the crime.
“When something is an ever-present part of your life, it can lead to feelings of depression. You feel that there’s no way out and no end to it,” Velasquez explained.
Video: For the past 13 years, the number one complaint to the FTC has been identity theft. Cyber security expert Jim Stickley says to protect yourself you should keep confidential information in a safe place, watch out for vacation rentals that request private information, and be careful of first-time jobs that look too good to be true.
Nearly 70 percent of those in the survey indicated they were afraid about their personal financial security. About half felt helplessness or betrayal and 65 percent experienced anger or rage. Other emotional responses included shame or embarrassment (29 percent) and overwhelming sadness (32 percent). A small percentage (7 percent) said they even had suicidal feelings.
“We’ve heard from victims who actually compare this to having a disease where they feel that their identity theft issues are in remission, but they’re never fully cured,” Velasquez told NBC News. “You can think you’ve taken care of it, and then it pops up again a year or so later.”
Many identity thefts begin with data breaches at retailers, such as the widely-reported cases at Target and Home Depot. Thankfully, in most cases the thieves do not get Social Security numbers. Last year, about 62 percent of the breaches were credit and debit card numbers. Only 14 percent involved Social Security numbers, according to researchers at Javelin Strategy & Research .
Of course, if that’s your number, you could be in for rough ride. As Alphonse Pascual, a senior fraud analyst at Javelin points out, a Social Security number is all a thief needs to access an account at two-thirds of the largest financial institutions in the U.S.
When will it end?
For Diane and her husband Dean, their “rollercoaster ride through hell” started 14 years ago when they signed up for online banking.  A few days later, before they had even logged on, all of their checks started bouncing. They contacted the bank and learned that someone had gained access to their accounts and drained all of them – stealing about $45,000.
“They’d emptied our checking, savings, money market accounts and CDs, everything and anything we had in there,” Diane told NBC News.
The bank gave them a new account and replaced the missing funds.  But it happened again. And then, again.
Diane said they had the money from their bank accounts stolen three times in 45 days. And even though the bank replaced it every time, the damage had been done.  Things started to snowball out of control.
Because of all the bounced checks, they faced a mountain of late bills.
Their stellar credit history was destroyed and the interest rates on their credit cards skyrocketed – going from six to 29 percent.
Trying to deal with the cascade of problems took so much time – Diane was making 15 to 17 calls a day – she had to quit her job.  
“I would get off the phone and just sit there are cry, because no one wanted to help us,” she said.
Eventually, Diane said she had to see a therapist and was given medication for stress, anxiety and depression.
“I haven’t had a good night’s sleep since the year 2000 when this happened,” she said. “I am totally exhausted.”
This summer, 14 years after an ID thief targeted them, Diane and Dean filed for bankruptcy.
“We had to stop the nightmare. We couldn’t do it anymore,” she said. “This has ruined everything.”
And yet, they are still looking over their shoulders, realizing that their personal information is out there, and could still be used against them.
A reality check
It’s estimated that more than 13 million Americans were victims of identity theft last year. And those numbers are probably grossly underestimated.
“People need to understand that anyone can become a victim of this crime – no matter your age or income level,” the Identity Theft Resource Center’s Eva Velasquez said. “While there are things you can and should do to protect yourself, the reality is, it can happen to you.”
The ITRC has a list of identity theft protection tips .
Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow him on Facebook and Twitter or visit The ConsumerMan website.
Tags:

How this seemingly innocuous tweet forced a British MP to resignBy Adam Taylor November 20 Follow @mradamtaylor
(@EmilyThornberry)
To readers outside of Britain, it may be hard to understand exactly why the tweet picture above could lead to a senior politician resigning. It probably seems completely innocuous, if not bland: A picture of a house, decorated with flags, with a white van parked outside. The photograph is accompanied with a very basic description. What exactly is there to get annoyed about?
However, it's this very picture, tweeted out just a few hours ago, that led the Labor party's shadow secretary general   to resign from the front lines of British politics. Emily Thornberry's resignation came on the same day  of an important by-election.
To understand why the picture caused such outrage, you have to be able to read the coded class messages many thought were contained in the image. Thornberry may not have intended to send these messages, but class-conscious Britons found them anyway -- and right now, these messages might be more important than they have been in any time in recent years.
— Emily Thornberry MP (@EmilyThornberry) November 20, 2014
First, consider the flags in the photograph. Two of them are St. George's Crosses, the national flag of England. Another flag is that of West Ham, a professional soccer club based in East London. These flags may seem like nothing -- decorations for a patriotic sports fan -- but in the United Kingdom, they carry a lot of weight.
The English flag in particular has long been linked with far right political groups like the British National Party and the English Defense League, leading to a stigma that's been hard to shift: In 2012, one poll suggested 24 percent of English people considered the English flag to be racist. Then there's the West Ham flag. The football club is based in a working class area of East London, and at the height of Britain's football hooliganism era (the 1970s and 1980s) the club's fan base gained a reputation for violence and links to the far right. Things have changed, but that reputation has stuck: The terrible film " Green Street Hooligans " used West Ham's fans as a model, for instance.
The white van is also an especially potent symbol in the United Kingdom. The "white van man" is a well-known stereotype in the United Kingdom. The stereotype goes that the "white van man," who usually works in a trade like plumbing or electrical work (hence the van), is a particularly vocal member of the working class. While the term was occasionally a celebration (the tabloid newspaper The Sun ran a column where they asked a "white van man" his thoughts), it was also used as an insult and "white van men" were viewed with derision and contempt .
On an ordinary day, Thornberry's picture might not have meant much. But there's a wider context here. Thornberry had traveled to Rochester, a small town not too far from London, because there was an election that day, an election that had been triggered by the local MP Mark Reckless' shock defection to the upstart U.K. Independence Party in September. If Reckless wins this election, as he is widely expected to do, it will be UKIP's second seat in parliament, and could be a harbinger of more success to come.
Reckless' win would be a blow for Britain's established right wing party, the Conservatives. UKIP has wooed many Conservatives by pursuing a line further to the right: In particular, they take an especially tough line on membership of the European Union and immigration, appealing to the more conservative of the Conservatives.
However, it's also a problem for Labor. The left wing party was once seen as the voice of the British working class, but in recent years that relationship has been fractured. Many were affected economically by immigration and globalization, and felt that Britain was changing, but not in their favor. Since Tony Blair's election in 1997 and the re-birth of the party as "New Labor," the party's leadership was no longer associated with the unions and the working class: Now most of their top leaders are part of Britain's Oxbridge-educated political elite.
Emily Thornberry, who represents the well-to-do London seat of Islington South and Finsbury in parliament, would appear to be part of that elite. By tweeting out a photograph of a small house, with a bunch of symbols of the working class, it really looked a lot like she was trying to make some sort of statement. People noticed.
Political blog Guido Fawkes pointed to her $3 million home in Islington, which it noted was "just one of the many properties she owned." UKIP leader Nigel Farage asked what she was "trying to imply" about Rochester in a tweet. Tabloid newspaper The Sun later ran a headline that said she was "only here for the sneers."
Friday's Sun front page Only here for the sneers #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers pic.twitter.com/nCwdFAfJuE
— Nick Sutton (@suttonnick) November 20, 2014
Thornberry at first tried to deflect the criticism, telling reporters the furor had been caused by "prejudiced attitude towards Islington." Later, however, she apologized,  taking to Twitter again to say sorry that there was nothing wrong with flying the England flag. However, it was too late.
"Betrays your real thoughts about the English working class you claim to represent," one Twitter user wrote in reply . "You despise us. We hate you."
Thornberry's resignation came just as the polls closed.  The British press is reporting that she resigned after Labor Party leader Ed Miliband, hoping to win an election next year, made it clear he was "furious" about the tweet. "Earlier today I sent a tweet which has caused offence to some people," Thornberry, a close ally of Miliband, said in a statement. "That was never my intention and I have apologized. However, I will not let anything distract from Labor’s chance to win the coming general election. I have therefore tonight told Ed Miliband I will resign from the shadow cabinet.”
As my colleague Griff Witte noted  today, the Rochester by-election was already a big deal -- a confirmation of UKIP as a force to be reckoned with, and a green light to any other British politicians thinking of making the jump to the upstart party should Reckless win. Now, no matter how ridiculous the scandal that brought it is, Thornberry's resignation has also confirmed just how easy it is for a politician to fall afoul of the shifting dynamics in Britain's political world.
For many people, however, the political intrigue was irrelevant. That apparently includes the white van-owning, England-loving West Ham fan at the center of the scandal. “I’ve not voted yet and I’m probably not going to vote,” the man, who owns the flags and the van pictured in the tweet,  told Buzzfeed News .
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

Scandal Season 4  Episode 9By Bethonie Butler November 21 Follow @bethoniebutler
Warning: This recap contains spoilers.
We’re nine episodes into the fourth season of ‘Scandal’ and what have we learned? Papa Pope still holds all of the (kill) cards.
Much of the episode was focused on Rowan’s movements as Jake and Olivia tried to track him down. “As for my father, hunt him, find him and kill him,” Olivia tells Jake and Fitz.  I don’t watch Game of Thrones, but I imagine that this is what’s it like.
Jake’s got Olivia’s back.(ABC/Tony Rivetti)
In the background, Olivia still found time to take on a crisis — someone (Elizabeth, ahem) leaked the photos of Cyrus and Michael. She also gave an impassioned speech using the phrase “bitch baby” multiple times and took an ill-timed dance break. Way to multi-task, Liv.
Tonight marked the return of Mama Pope, who was found in (I think) the same hole where Huck and Jake were held by Rowan. Maya Lewis didn’t offer much in the way of information about her husband, but she did have some great lines –among them, “look around boo” and “girl, you need to move on.”
The view wasn’t exactly pleasant. Quinn finally got a hold of Olivia to inform her that Kubiak was dead and had been working with Elizabeth North and her lover, Vice President Andrew Nichols. Their motives became pretty clear over the course of the episode –  they’re pushing Fitz to go to war with West Angola following the terrorist attack that targeted Andrew. But it turns out that they’re involved with a group called WACO (an acronym in which the WA is for West Angola). And that terrorist attack? Staged.
The only thing Quinn can’t figure out is why the group has photos of Olivia. It’s a wonder Quinn and Huck were able to do their jobs in spite of the drama in their own lives. Huck’s wife still doesn’t believe his I-was-a-spy story and Quinn (along with Jake and Huck) realizes that Rowan is trying to erase any trace of B613 and that she’s in danger of getting killed.
Last gladiators standing. (ABC/Mitchell Haaseth)
Upon finding out her would-be fate, Quinn tracked down Charlie to warn him, which led to old habits. Quinn wasn’t too happy when she discovered that Charlie had been tasked with killing her. But Charlie proved his love(?) by giving Huck the B613 files he needed to convince Kim that his spy story is the truth.
Meanwhile, fellow Spy Dad Rowan was laying low, presumably in a B613 safe house. It turned out that he was actually in Olivia’s apartment, casually uncorking wine and listening to Stevie Wonder’s “Songs in the Key of Life.” The two shared one of their trademark exchanges of run-on sentences. Olivia: “You’re a sick lonely man who only knows how to lie and call it love.” Rowan: “There would be no Olivia Pope if not for me.”
Olivia reached for a gun that Rowan left precariously in her reach and it proved to be a test from her dear old dad. The gun turned out to be unloaded, but Papa Pope learned that his daughter was willing to kill him. He left her with this parting message: “No matter how hard you try to deny it, you will miss me when I’m gone.”
Despite her shattered nerves, Olivia managed to come up with a great solution for Cyrus’s publicity nightmare, advising Cyrus and Michael to tie the knot. At first, Cyrus refuses, opting instead to offer his resignation, which Fitz reluctantly accepts. Olivia figured the only way to reach Cyrus was to act like him, which sounded something like this: “Who are you, Cyrus? Are you a little bitch baby?”
Fun fact: “bitch baby” is a made-up phrase used by all #Shondaland writers, generally describes self-pitying person or behavior. #tgit
— shonda rhimes (@shondarhimes) November 21, 2014
By the end of the episode, Olivia did what anyone under that much pressure would do. She danced! With Jake! This scene, expertly paired with Stevie Wonder’s carefree “Don’t You Worry ’bout a Thing,” led us to the winter finale cliffhanger. While dancing, Olivia pulled a Kelly Taylor and told Jake that she wanted both him and Fitz and that she chooses…herself. “You can dance with me or you can get off my dance floor.”
Jake only left the dance floor to grab some blankets, but it was long enough for Olivia to disappear. Just as Jake realized the woman he loves was no longer in the apartment, Fitz learned (from VP Andrew) that Olivia has been kidnapped. The worst part? Whoever took her had the nerve to spill some du Bellay on her minimalist couch.
It will be several weeks before we find out to whom we should send the dry cleaning bill. ‘Scandal’ returns January 29.
Lingering questions: Are Cyrus and Michael actually going to get married? Are Abby and Leo Bergen a thing? If so, poor David Rosen. Where is Papa Pope headed? What does Mama Pope know about Rowan’s actions? And most importantly, where is Olivia?
Bethonie Butler is a producer and a reporter on The Post’s engagement team. She oversees online comments and has also contributed to The Style Blog and She The People.

Qdoba Gambles on All-Inclusive Pricingreddit
How do you set your brand apart in a tough, competitive marketplace? Mexican fast-casual chain Qdoba is finding that the concept "No charge" can help.
Last month, the chain, owned by Jack in the Box, announced a new simplified pricing structure. Essentially all entrees are $7.80 or $8.40 depending on protein selected. That's a bit higher than previous entry prices, but now customers can add on as many additional components--including house-made guacamole, 3-Cheese Queso, Queso Diablo and others--as they want without additional cost. It was a gamble, but "it was really important that as we tried to differentiate the brand we didn't just differentiate it with the food but also differentiated it in the way we provide the service," Jack in the Box Chairman, President and CEO Lenny Comma told analysts this week.
"Our guests told us that they hated being nickled and dimed for add-ons and upgrades and they have responded favorably to the new pricing structure," Comma said. This pricing model not only simplifies service it also creates a more upbeat experience for crew as well as customers.
"If you can imagine going down at Qdoba line and having the service provider have to tell you, with all the different things that you wanted to add to your meal that that was going to be extra, what it created was this tension between the guest service person and the consumer where there was stress from our employees as they kept having to nickel and dime the consumer," he said. "As a result of that, we are seeing, at least qualitatively, that the consumers are quite pleased with the guest service and the change. It's just much simpler and it's much more focused on a quality meal."
Initially, Qdoba saw some resistance from consumers who focused on the higher-priced starting price points, but that was expected, Comma said. "We hypothesized that as folks started to experience burritos with guacamole and with Queso Diablo and those types of things, grilled vegetables, that the finished product would bring them back and that essentially they would in their minds develop a new consumer value proposition that says essentially, this food is way better and its worth a little bit more." Consumers also like the predictability of the new pricing model, he said.
Qdoba didn't rejigger its pricing model because sales were slow. On the contrary, it has performed better than sibling Jack in the Box in the past year. Same-store sales rose 5.7% for its fiscal year at company-owned Qdoba stores, compared with 2% for company Jack in the Box.
Qdoba has marketed its new pricing approach primarily through digital media (using the hashtag #FreeYourFlavor) and Comma coined a new social-media-influenced term when he told analysts that the chain has "some exciting new items we are launching in a few weeks that we think will be instantly Instagrammable."
Follow BurgerBusiness on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BurgerBusiness
More:

You Can Train Your Brain To Make Smarter Money Decisions. Here s Howreddit
They say money can't buy happiness, but who hasn't pictured how wonderful life could be if you bought that must-have tech gadget or new set of wheels?
Of course, you've probably also experienced the letdown that accompanies the realization that such purchases don't actually provide the lasting euphoria you'd imagined.
And, somehow, even though we know saving money will make us happier in the long run -- by helping us afford that down payment on a home or ensuring a more secure retirement -- it's much more difficult to psych ourselves up to save instead of splurge.
In other words, the human mind doesn't always work in our best interests when it comes to spending decisions. But the good news is that scientists are trying to tackle the problem -- and uncover how we can retrain our brains to make better choices.
Scientists like Dr. Ryan T. Howell, an assistant professor of psychology at San Francisco State University and the cofounder of Beyond the Purchase , a website dedicated to studying the psychology behind spending. Each and every day at the university, Howell's Personality and Well-Being Lab  aims to answer one crucial question: "Can money make us happy if we spend it on the right purchase?"
Curious to hear the results, we tapped Howell to share with us the main takeaways from his research -- and divulge some of his favorite psychological tricks for making smarter money moves.
LearnVest: What are the key traits of people who are happy with their spending decisions?
Dr. Ryan T. Howell: To maximize happiness, the very first thing you need to do is get out of credit card debt. You may get some momentary joy from making a purchase you really want, but the financial stress of debt will make you worse off -- it's pretty much the worst thing in the world for your happiness.
Second, we found that happy people follow a particular pattern when spending money after their essentials are paid for: They save or invest about 25 percent of it. They take about 12 percent and earmark it for charities, religious organizations or gifts for other people. And they spend about 40 percent on meaningful life experiences. Those are the three most salient characteristics of happy spenders.
RELATED: The One-Number Strategy: A New Approach to Budgeting
You mentioned that spending on experiences -- rather than stuff -- tends to make us happier. Why is that?
Experiential purchases make us happier than material items because of the advantages that are inherent to experiences. And all of the research shows that if you pick material items that meet those same needs, they'll make you just as happy.
For example, my grandmother loved to play board games. You have to buy a material item -- but it's one that facilitates a relationship. Material items that bring us closer to friends or family or bring a sense of competence, like books or musical instruments, those make us just as happy. They mimic what a life experience does naturally.
I'd recommend asking yourself these questions: Is this purchase happiness-oriented? Is it going to bring me closer to friends and family? Is it going to make me feel competent? Is it going to express who I am? Am I doing this because of my internal values? If the answers to those questions are yes, you're probably fine to buy it.
RELATED:  Will That Purchase Really Make You Happier? 3 Questions to Ask
Why would someone splurge on things that don't actually make him happy?
I think the most likely reason would be something we call "transformation expectation." It's this really weird experience people have while shopping, where they think a purchase is going to transform their life. The problem is that it often doesn't.
In our research, when we ask people to recall the last time they spent money on something that they thought would make them happy, a typical story is: "I went into the mall, and I envisioned myself buying these shoes. I thought they would make my life so much better. I thought that people in my social network would be impressed." They expect people will notice and compliment them on those shoes -- and then they're quite disappointed when it doesn't happen.
What happiness research shows is that when you put your joy in the hands of other people, you're not going to be as happy as when it's internal and true to who you are.
Is it possible to trick our brains into not overspending?
There are things you can do to limit the pleasure of buying in the moment. For example, people report that shopping is often an emotion-fueled experience. But what we found is that there's something about tracking your spending that takes the emotional, addictive quality of shopping away -- and makes it rational.
So one way to train your brain is to instill a rule that, any time you spend, you have to write it down. We found that just the knowledge that you have to track a buy makes it more difficult to make those spur-of-the-moment purchases. You're much more likely to spend your money in wise ways.
There's also  research  that shows spending money is much easier when you're paying with credit. People use credit cards for convenience reasons, which means there's not that immediate, painful experience that makes you think twice about the purchase. So if you think you're not managing your money well, the most obvious place to start is with managing your cash. Psychologically, it's more difficult to overspend  when using paper bills -- you're not pushing the pain into the future.
RELATED:  6 Times We Tend to Overspend (and How to Stop)
Most of your research focuses on spending. But what have you found to be the biggest barriers when it comes to saving?
Gallup came out with a poll  that found most people actually report more enjoyment saving money than spending it. But there's a difference between enjoying something and actually doing it: I might say I enjoy running, but I tend to eat more doughnuts.
So I think the problem is that most people don't have a goal for their savings. There is a ton of research that shows one of the best things you can do is have a tangible goal to save for . That's because we get a lot of anticipatory happiness from saving: We think, "I'm going to Paris. It's going to be awesome. I'm going to eat cheese." And that brings us lots of joy.
But if you don't have anticipatory happiness, you'll say, "I want to enjoy the fine things in life right now." People need to have a vision -- that's why all the marketing materials for retirement illustrate the kind of life you want to experience in your golden years. Bottom line: You're much more likely to be successful at saving if you have a clear goal.
This post originally appeared on LearnVest .
More From LearnVest

Could You Pass the Gravy Fear and Anxiety in the 2014 Workplacereddit
By: Jim Finkelstein, Sheila Repeta and Molly Gauss of FutureSense, Inc.
With the holidays looming, many of us are preparing for a month of dinners with friends and family. As we enter into the season, we optimistically await these meals. But we've all been there -- one wrong word, a funny look, or the murmured political statement slips out -- it's no longer smiles and fun. Tension, agitation and awkward looks replace the smiles, stories and laughter.  And yet it's not the holiday dinner table that is relegated to this experience.
In the late 2000's many high performing and culturally stable organizations felt the same "holiday dinner table" experience and succumbed to the pressure of the "Great Recession" and took necessary and/or preventative measures to weather the financial apocalypse unraveling before them. Oftentimes this meant operating lean through budget cutbacks, minimal staffing and layoffs, etc.
And just like that, a sudden crisis leveled many stable cultures bringing them to their knees through two simple emotions -- fear and anxiety. Employees who survived the fiscal firestorm were happy to find themselves still employed in the workplace found themselves looking over their shoulders wondering what could be coming and employing a new modus operandi. The stable, strong culture eroded with the infusion of fear in the business reality.
We know the data. Most of the workforce is not and has never been fully engaged. And why are they disenchanted? Or better yet why can't we engage them? Maybe it is because we constantly talk about culling the herd, shedding the skin and other descriptive terms for downsizing, rightsizing, outsourcing, resourcing. All have the same effect. They send shudders through a workforce.
Is fear subtly infused in your organization's culture? HuffPost blogger David Peck shares five signs of workplace fear and stress that are often overlooked. Included in this list are:
• Only hearing good news from your employees
• Employees not challenging one another
• Having employees that show up as "yes men" (or women) in the workplace
And now our economy still wrestles with the "R" word -- recovery. What happened in a narrow window of time to instill the fear into organizational cultures is taking years to recover. If you think that fear is still permeating your culture, there are some things you can do to address it.
Ways that organizations can overcome fear in the workplace and create a fear-free culture:
1) Be transparent. Studies have shown that when employees do not know the answer to a question -- "Is there another round of layoffs?" "Will we be relocating headquarters to a more affordable location?" -- they will fill it in with the worst-case scenario. Giving employees access to as much information as possible as early as possible will help to mitigate fear as it will promote trust and openness so the fear of the blindside erodes.
2) Be vulnerably transparent. In the spirit of transparency, there are often times leaders do not know the answers to the questions employees have. To save face, leaders often avoid the topic entirely. To openly admit, "I do not know" goes a long way in building trust with employees.
3) Increase and model self-awareness and emotional intelligence. It is very easy for fear to take over employee's emotions. We must have self-awareness about who we are in the workplace and what we are feeling. When we take time to notice what thoughts are occurring and recognize how this may affect our actions, we are able to handle our fears with control. They are then less likely to completely take over our behavior.
4) Dialogue. If a leader finds his/her staff stuck in "yes" mode out of fear, create opportunities for staff to talk openly about what is going well and what needs to be done better. Host plus/delta meetings where employees discuss the opportunities to change processes, procedures and policies that will make the workplace more efficient. Create safe spaces for employees to debate and/or dialogue options and opportunities that are out there.
5)Encourage discussion about fear. We must take time to acknowledge, recognize and voice our fears. It is helpful to gain perspective from other people. This will help re-frame our fear from a difference viewpoint and realize our fear may not be as scary as it seems.
Be the Change -- Creating a Culture Free of Fear
As our organizations face increased competition for market share and brand recognition, we often look to develop the "secret sauce" -- culture. And nothing kills culture faster than fear.
Fear potentially creeps in when employees try something new, worry about failure, experience conflict with coworkers, rejection of ideas, or even when they are just feeling stuck. As important as it is to have operations running as effectively and efficiently as possible, we also must have employees working in a culture free of fear.
We must understand the types of fear before we can work on creating a fear-free culture.
Fear of the Future
Fearful questions arise in the workplace. Will my performance meet my supervisor's expectations or will I get a poor performance review and lose my job? Will my new colleagues like me, and will our team work well together, or will there be mistrust and dislike? Will I get the raise that I need to pay my rent increase?
We must recognize that all of these are thoughts of what may or may not happen. A manager who shows up as controlling and giving detailed input on every decision is often driven by the unknown -- that things will go exactly as he/she plans. This fear of the unknown typically leads to a culture of distrust and micromanagement.
Fear in the Past
Have you ever worked with someone who can't let go of what happened a year ago? I have, and it affected our team's culture because we kept re-living what didn't go right rather than focus on learning from our mistakes . This mentality is draining to be around and takes away from a team's innovation and excitement. Many fears that exist are rooted from negative experiences that have occurred. It is essential to move on from these thoughts.
Fear in the Present Moment
Fear in the present moment is called panic -- that sudden and unreasoned fear in the face of real or perceived danger. In order to be an effective leader and get through times of "panic," we need to move our attention to whatever situation we are faced with right now.  When we go beyond the top 1 percent, 2 percent or 5 percent of the population, this is the place from which many people operate.
Fear of the Incomprehensible
There are other fears that the average person can't even comprehend. The first is the fear of being homeless -- and yes, this happened during the last housing crisis with employees living in their cars, on the streets, and without the knowledge of their co-workers. This is a fear that is paralyzing and embarrassing. The second is a fear of being dependent on others -- particularly for Boomers who have entered "Act 3" and fear being a burden on their children;  and for children who can't find work and need to move back in with Mom and Dad.
Once we recognize the types of fear, it's time to identify how organizations can overcome the lethal culture killer.
6 ways that organizations can overcome fear in the workplace and create a fear-free culture:
1. Confront conflict with others face-to-face. Many times, we are afraid to have critical conversations because we are scared or uncomfortable. Conflict resolution is key for organizations to move forward. We must be able work through issues effectively and in a mature way instead of being scared. This is one way we are able to grow.
2. Increase and model self-awareness and emotional intelligence. It is very easy for fear to take over employee's emotions. We must have self-awareness about who we are in the workplace and what we are feeling. When we take time to notice what thoughts are occurring and recognize how this may affect our actions, we are able to handle our fears with control. They are then less likely to completely take over our behavior.
3. Overcome resistance to change. The only thing constant in life is change. It is inevitable that things are not going to stay the same. Organizations need to adapt quickly to new situations and people. We must let go of expectations about what we think should happen and shift our mindsets to see the good in all new opportunities.
4. Promote a positive mindset within employees. Organizations need to recognize the good that we do. Inspiration and enthusiasm is contagious and can help us thrive to reach our highest potential.
5. Be transparent. Organizations should be open and honest with all employees to avoid ambiguity. Fear is less likely to occur when organizations share with everyone what is going on and create a space for open dialogue and communication.
6. Encourage discussion about fear. We must take time to acknowledge, recognize and voice our fears. It is helpful to gain perspective from other people. This will help re-frame our fear from a difference viewpoint and realize our fear may not be as scary as it seems.
As we think about our "work family" this holiday season, we must be proactive and think about what our organizations can do to create a fear-free culture. These six tips will help us and our organizations create this environment. The possibilities of growth and development will be endless.
Jim Finkelstein is the President and CEO of FutureSense, Inc. Jim is a student of people and is constantly searching for ways to help understand their uniqueness. He has dedicated his career to helping organizations improve their effectiveness through strategy and execution of simple and proven solutions. He believes in getting stuff done.www.futuresense.com. Jim is the author of Fuse: Making Sense of the New Cogenerational Workplace (Greenleaf Book Group, 2011). He is an Adjunct Faculty member at Sonoma State University in their Executive MBA program You can follow him on Twitter @futuresense.
Sheila Repeta is a Senior Consultant at FutureSense, Inc.  Sheila joined FutureSense in January of 2011.  She earned her Bachelor's and Master's degrees in Communication from the University of Illinois. She has worked with several Fortune 500 companies working in HR and Training and Development.  In addition to that work, she has taught communication and organizational development in various colleges and universities for nearly 10 years.  Helping organizations align their business strategy with their people and processes, spending time with her 3 sons, and running melts her butter every day.
Molly is currently pursuing her master's degree in Leadership and Organizational Development at Chapman University and also works at Chapman on the Strategic Engagement and Development team.  She received her undergraduate degree in business administration with a minor in leadership studies from Chapman University and is passionate about making a positive difference in the lives of others. Molly is an Orange County native and enjoys cooking and yoga. You can connect with Molly through LinkedIn.
Follow Jim Finkelstein on Twitter: www.twitter.com/futuresense
More:

21 Unmistakable Traits of a Heart-Centered Leaderreddit
There is a great cost when you neglect the human connection point in business.
Over the past 20 years there has been a significant amount of data showing that investment in the human element in business is a profit-making proposition. It is no secret that programs directed at employee engagement, leadership development, wellness, and employee assistance all show a significant return-on-investment for employers. One example of this research is a 2012 Towers-Watson study of 50 global companies, comparing those with low regard for sustainable engagement strategies versus those with high regard for such. These strategies include a people-first leadership approach, along with emphasis on work-life balance, job clarity, supervisor support, and ethical business practices. The study found that those companies with low engagement had an average operating margin under 10 percent, whereas for those with high engagement, the average one-year operating margin was close to three times higher, at just over 27 percent. There is strong evidence that these results may be due to the positive impact that a more heart-centered leadership approach has on employee performance.
In essence, heart-centered leadership is not a singular gold standard or an ultimate pinnacle that only a rare few can achieve. It lies in your ability to stop, go inward, and reflect on the course of action that you know is the right one rather than succumbing to external pressures and circumstances. Leading from the heart is not just a nice idea or theory or some magical dream. By embracing a heart-centered approach to leadership, you will be in a more powerful position than you could possibly have imagined. After all, what can be more powerful than motivating an associate to go the distance for you and your organization because he or she is inspired by you and respects you so highly? More importantly, you will genuinely and deeply touch the lives of others by your actions.
So, what does it take to be a heart-centered leader? If the following 21 traits sound familiar, you may be well on your way to a form of leadership driven by the principles of authenticity and integrity rather than the pursuit of profit at any and all cost.
You Might be a Heart-Centered Leader if...
You tell the truth.
You trust your associates to do the right thing.
You are able to relinquish control. As leaders, we don't really have it anyway. Our associates do. If you think that's not true, try getting anything done without them.
You know your impact and are mindful of how your words and actions may be interpreted in formal and informal ways.
You aim to serve the people that you are leading, not the other way around.
You are open-minded and do not judge or assume, but come to understand a situation or behavior.
You take care of your "whole-self"--physically, mentally, emotionally and spiritually.
You have the willingness to look in the mirror and come to terms with your own character flaws.
You are committed to personal and professional growth.
You strive to mentor others and surround yourself with people that have skills, talents and styles different from your own.
You are empathetic and strive to maintain the self-esteem of others.
You have an "open-door" policy.
You believe that, given the right support, people rise to the occasion on their own and actually feel good about being held accountable.
You develop strategies that involve, promote, call upon, and inspire associates to participate fully in creating, renewing, or revitalizing the organization.
You have compassion for yourself and others.
You replace blame with responsibility.
You believe that people have positive intentions, even if associates' behavior appears to illustrate the opposite.
You are committed to making a difference not only in your own life, but in the lives of your associates and society as a whole.
You listen before speaking.
You create an environment where feedback is expected and appreciated.
You are not afraid to admit your mistakes.
The original version of this article first appeared on Inc.com
Follow Susan Steinbrecher on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SteinbrecherInc
More:

Sensex spurts 267 points on FII inflowsSensex spurts 267 points on FII inflows
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 21:  
The equity markets ended the week on a high, touching all-time peaks of 28,334.63 on the Sensex (up 267.07 points) and 8,477.35 (up 75.45 points) on the Nifty.
Banking and financial stocks led the charge, with the BSE Bankex up 478.83 points, closing the day at 20,683.54. News of the merger deal between ING Vysya and Kotak Mahindra continued the bull run on the two stocks, with both seeing much action on volumes. Kotak Bank was up 42 points to hit Rs 1,199.15 and ING Vysya closing at Rs 816.80 (up 2.6 points). SBI (Rs 305.5), ICICI Bank (Rs 1,730.70) and Infosys (down over 79 points to close at 4,146.15) were the other big movers of the day.
Other top gainers on the 50-stock Nifty were Hindalco (up 4.30 points), Axis Bank (up 10.30 points) and Reliance (up 16.95 points). Jindal Steel (down 3.30 points to close at Rs 142.95), Tech Mahindra (down almost 30 points) and Sun Pharma (down 10 points) were the biggest losers on the Nifty. Among sectoral indices, healthcare and IT took a beating.
The small- and mid-cap spaces, however, didn’t share the same enthusiasm, with the BSE Smallcap falling almost 11 points (11,325.84) and the madcap index ending the day lower by 7.94 points (10,195.79).
Jayant Manglik, President – Retail distribution at Religare Securities, said: “The equity markets gaining nearly a per cent on Friday shows that investors are hopeful for the announcement of new reforms in the upcoming winter session of parliament, which begins next week. However, lack of broader participation in the rally made the stock selection difficult for traders.
“We believe this upward would continue but broader participation is required to regain the momentum."
Volatility in the markets was down 2.20 per cent, with the NSE India Vix closing the day at 13.8525.
Global market
World shares headed for a second week of gains on Friday after more reassuring US data, while the yen pulled out of its dive as Japan’s finance minister warned its recent weakening had been “too rapid’’.
Euro zone stocks were set for their first weekly gain this month after an early rise, with traders spurred on by signals from Mario Draghi that the European Central Bank is becoming increasingly agitated by the bloc’s feeble growth and inflation.
Germany’s DAX, France’s CAC and pan-regional Euro STOXX 50 were all up between 0.8 and 1 per cent by 0915 GMT, leaving them on course for weekly gains of 3 per cent, 1.3 per cent and 2 per cent, respectively.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Ceremony not amount to anointment of Naib ImamBarack Obama’s bid to regulate internet access divides civil rights groups
The Delhi High Court today said the ceremony (dastarbandi) to anoint Shahi Imam Maulana Syed Ahmed Bukhari’s son as the Naib Imam of Jama Masjid “would not amount to an appointment”.
A bench of Chief Justice G Rohini and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw made the observation after taking into account the contentions of the Centre, Delhi Wakf Board and petitioners, who have challenged the ceremony, adding that in such a situation there is no need to stay the function.
The court also noted that under the Wakf Act, 1995, the law only “provides for a mutawalli (manager) of a wakf and contains no provision for appointment of Imams of Wakf properties, even if a masjid”.
“We are of the opinion, that in the face of the contentions of the petitioners that Maulana Syed Ahmed Bukhari has no right in law or otherwise to anoint his son as the Naib Imam and which is supported by the Delhi Wakf board…
“…the anointment ceremony (Dastarbandi) scheduled on November 22, 2014, even if not stayed, would not amount to anointment/appointment of the said son of Maulana Syed Ahmed Bukhari as the Naib Imam of the Jama Masjid. We, therefore, do not feel any need to pass any ad-interim order restraining the same,” the bench said.
The court also did not restrain Bukhari from holding the ceremony at Jama Masjid, as sought by the petitioners, saying he and his family have been using the same as their residence for the last several years.
“However, we clarify that the ceremony so held and the anointment made therein of the youngest son of Maulana Syed Ahmed Bukhari or any other person as the Naib Imam of the Jama Masjid shall be subject to further orders in this petition and shall not vest/ create any rights or special equities in favour of any person,” the court said.
It also issued notice and sought responses of the Archaeological Survey of India, Delhi government, DDA, MCD, city police, Wakf Board, CBI as well as Bukhari by the next date of hearing on January 28, 2015.
The bench also noted that “no answer is forthcoming” from the Wakf Board as to why it “has not exercised any rights or supervision over the Jama Masjid” or why it has “allowed Maulana Syed Ahmed Bukhari to appropriate all earnings from the said Masjid and also not taken any action for accounts thereof being not rendered inspite of court directions”.
The court’s order came on three PILs challenging the Shahi Imam’s decision to appoint his son as the Naib Imam.
Yesterday, during arguments on the three petitions, the Centre and the Wakf Board had submitted before the court that the ceremony by Jama Masjid Shahi Imam anointing his son as his deputy and successor has no legal sanctity.
The Board, in its response to the court’s query as to what was their legal position on the issue, had also said that it would be holding a meeting soon and action will be taken against Bukhari for what he has done.
Earlier, the Centre had said that the Mughal-era mosque Jama Masjid is a Wakf property and it has to decide how the rule of primogeniture applies on anointment of new Shahi Imam, which has come under challenge.
ASI had also requested the court to declare the city’s Jama Masjid as an ancient monument because of its national importance while contending that it needs to be protected.
The PILs filed by Suhail Ahmed Khan, Ajay Gautam and advocate V K Anand had said Jama Masjid is a property of Delhi Wakf Board and Bukhari as its employee cannot appoint his son as Naib Imam (deputy Imam).
The petitions had said Shahi Imam had announced on October 30 that his 19-year-old son would succeed him as the next Shahi Imam and the ceremony of ‘Dastarbandi’ would be held on November 22.
The pleas had alleged that the Shahi Imam was a public post and not the “personal property” of Syed Ahmed Bukhari and IMAMAT (the position of a divinely-appointed leader) is not transferable.
The PILs had also asked the court to declare as invalid the appointment of Bukhari as the Shahi Imam of Jama Masjid and had also sought directions for Delhi Wakf Board to take over the affairs of Jama Masjid and appoint a new Shahi Imam.
Bukhari had recently sparked a controversy by announcing that he has invited Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif for the ceremony for anointing his son as the deputy Imam but did not invite Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
More from miscellaneous
Editorial: Relook that tax model How can finmin get it so wrong, for the second time?

$1 billion loan to Adani: No viability issues  but disbursal after scrutiny  says SBISpiceJet set to fly into even more turbulence
Even as the State Bank of India has come under criticism from the Congress party for its decision to lend $1 billion to Adani Mining, the Australian subsidiary of Adani Enterprises, for its project in Queensland, SBI chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said the project will be viable providing good quality coal at low prices. Speaking to reporters after a review meeting with finance minister Arun Jaitley, she also expressed hope the RBI would consider a cut in key rates by the end of the fiscal. Excerpts:
The Congress party has questioned SBI’s decision provide loan to the Adani Group for development of Carmichael coal mine?
There are no environmental issues. Greenpeace can raise concerns anywhere but the Queensland government has said that there is more threat to the Great Barrier Reef from farm run-offs and star fish attacks than from the Abbot Point port. They have looked into it in great detail and this is an issue that I have checked with the deputy premier of Queensland. He has said there are no environmental issues.
Will the project be viable?
Over there, coal is available at $42 FOB (freight on board) whereas even today, globally the minimum price for coal is $62. So there is no viability issue. The quality of coal is also excellent and it is of a non-polluting nature. For us, this is just an MoU and not a loan sanction. Before sanctioning, the project will have to go through proper due diligence on the credit as well as viability. The board will also take a call and only then money will be given.
What is your expectation on a rate cut now that inflation is easing?
That is a question that the Reserve Bank of India can only answer. But the fact is that all parameters indicate that there will be a further fall in inflation. Between November and January, with the base effect, it might go up a little bit. But by March, it will be well below the path indicated by the RBI. The RBI Governor has repeatedly said that he will be data driven so hopefully we can hope to see some kind of a turn in the rate cycle, possibly by the end of the fiscal.
Nearly 75 per cent of bank accounts under the Jan-Dhan Yojana are dormant…
Yes, transactions are not taking place. But we will have to guide people. There also have to be financial literacy classes. Also, once the direct benefit transfers start flowing, many of these accounts will see transactions. Remember, this is just the first phase, we had started the scheme on August 15. We can not expect thing to happen overnight but we have hope that many of these accounts will become operational over a period of time.
TAGS: Adani Enterprises Gautam Adani SBI
More from companies

Yes I can  says Obama on immigration actionYes I can, says Obama
Edward Luce
President puts it all on the table with immigration action
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6e1e0428-7127-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rochester election shows culture wars dividing UKUber should not run down the messenger
John Gapper
It is perverse to be angry that others are upset with you if you pride yourself on annoying them
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/156d909c-6f23-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tech firms needs to learn to take criticism© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/97259b4a-70c5-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Review  The Hunger Games: Mockingjay© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1442c036-70ac-11e4-9129-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A guide to Iran nuclear talksFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Obamas executive powerNovember 18, 2014 2:30 pm
Why Obama is testing the frontiers of executive power
Jacob Weisberg
A Republican majority has prompted the president to act alone, writes Jacob Weisberg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4a5e8462-6f0c-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

rules for hedge fundsNovember 16, 2014 11:56 am
Stringent rules for hedge funds make the financial system fragile
Sebastian Mallaby
Charging 2 per cent to hold assets when returns are low is wrong, writes Sebastian Mallaby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e7bab232-6c17-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ukips Reckless wins Rochester by-election© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c77d2ccc-7138-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sothebys chief Ruprecht to step downSotheby’s chief Bill Ruprecht to step down
By Elizabeth Paton in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8dfd21bc-7108-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

City Insider: Sir Mike Jackson  g7enius idea© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c28c9c40-70d2-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The fine line between privacy and secrecyThe fine line between privacy and secrecy
By Matthew Vincent
Data concerns have become a distraction from the need for transparency
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1ea15186-70d0-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ineos boss pitches frackingFracking debut of Ineos boss points to less gassing and more drilling
Jonathan Guthrie
Jim Ratcliffe’s big problem is footloose environmentalists
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9ac6fc9a-70e2-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EM corporate hard-currency debt: a bank run in the makingSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Trinamool Congress MP Srinjoy Bose arrested in Saradha scamSrinjoy Bose, Trinamool Congress MP and editor of the Bengali daily, Pratidin
Trinamool Cong MP accused of criminal conspiracy
Kolkata, Nov 21:  
Srinjoy Bose, Trinamool Congress MP and Editor of Bengali daily Sangbad Pratidin, was arrested on Friday by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in connection with the Saradha scam. According to sources, he was arrested after a six-hour interrogation.
A Rajya Sabha member, Bose runs a multi-billion-dollar cargo handling and port infrastructure business in India and Dubai through outfits such as Ripley & Co and EC Bose & Company. He is also the editor of the Trinamool’s mouthpiece, Jago Bangla.
His father Swapan Sadhan Bose was also a Rajya Sabha MP (2005-2011).
A major patron of the city-based Mohun Bagan football club, the family was once close to the CPI(M)-led Left Front before shifting allegiance to Mamata Banerjee’s Trinamool Congress.
Confirming the arrest, a CBI spokesperson said Bose had “prima facie” involvement in the case relating to Saradha Realty. He is accused of “criminal conspiracy”, “misappropriation of funds” and “deriving undue financial benefits”.
Saradha Group Chairman Sudipta Sen had, in his tell-all letter to the CBI before his arrest in April 2013, accused Bose of “extorting money” from him.
Suspended Trinamool Congress MP Kunal Ghosh had also alleged Bose’s involvement in the scam. Ghosh was executive editor of Pratidin before taking charge of Saradha’s vast media empire. He was arrested by the State police in November 2013 for involvement in the ponzi scam.
Still in judicial custody, Ghosh was also booked by the CBI in a chargesheet presented in October.
The Saradha Group operated various ponzi schemes offering massive returns. It went bust in April last year, leaving lakhs of small investors and depositors bankrupt in West Bengal and neighbouring States.
Though the Mamata government resisted a CBI probe, the Supreme Court ordered an investigation by the central agency in May this year.
The CBI has so far arrested six persons (including Bose) for alleged involvement in Saradha scam.
The others arrested in this connection include businessmen father and son Sajjan and Sandhir Agarwal, East Bengal Club official Debabrata Sarkar, former DIG of of police and senior Trinamool leader official Rajat Kumar Majumdar, and Asamese singer-filmmaker Sadananda Gogoi.
Ministers summoned
The CBI has also summoned West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra for questioning.
Mitra, however, avoided appearing before the probe agency citing health reasons. He is now admitted in the state-run SSKM Hospital.
The agency today also questioned State Textile Minister Shyama Prasad Mukherjee and former Trinamool Congress MP Somen Mitra in connection with the scam.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

10 superfoods for excitement under the sheets10 Superfoods for Men to Have a Great Time in Bed
Bollywoodshaadis.com –  Thu 20 Nov, 2014 6:58 PM IST
Print
It has been proved that making love tops the list of things men usually think about. But with hectic schedules and tiring routines, you hardly get the time or have the inclination to even hold your wife's hand, let alone make love! But physical intimacy is vital to keep the flames of passion burning. If you are one of those men who struggle to get the “magic” back under the sheets, we have an easy remedy for you- raid your kitchen. Yes, you can both enjoy these yummy treats and get in the mood for "some love" as well.
Recommended Read:
 
#1. Vanilla
The smell of vanilla itself does a lot of things to the body, doesn't it? That apart, it is any woman's favourite fragrance. Its aroma has therapeutic, relaxing effects that help you soothe down the tired body and get into the naughty mood.
Easy tip: Order a large tub of vanilla ice cream or gift her a vanilla fragrance, and be ready for surprises.
 
#2. Oysters
The high levels of zinc in oysters work on the hormones for both men and women, which increase the lovemaking desire dramatically!
Easy tip: Take her out for a fancy dinner and order some oysters. Gulp them down and be ready for a wild night!
 
#3. Chocolates
A delicious way to be great in bed is to have a chunk of dark chocolate. It has chemicals that not only work on the stress and relax the mind, but also improves the feelings of pleasure and excitement.
Easy tip: Pick your favourite chocolate while you get back from work. Need we say more?
 
#4. Pomegranate
This fruit is full of antioxidants and improves the blood circulation to the sexual organs, making them more sensitive to touch.
Easy tip: Have a bowl of pomegranate for dessert tonight!
 
#5. Red wine
Often called the ladies' drink, this one will work wonders for your girl. The chemicals in red wine help in working on the oestrogen (female hormone) levels, increasing the pleasure in women. But this one works for men too; you can enjoy the heated benefits as well!
Easy tip: Find a reason to celebrate tonight, and get home a bottle of red wine.
 
#6. Bananas
Bananas are a must for the production of sex hormones. Having this fruit everyday provides the body with minerals that can encourage pleasure and excitement.
Easy tip: How about enjoying some bananas after dinner, while watching a movie maybe?
 
#7. Almonds
This is probably the oldest known aphrodisiac (mentioned even in the Bible!). Have a handful of almonds everyday and see how its works towards a mindblowing performance! The fragrance of almonds is also known to boost the desire for intimacy.
Easy tip: Apart from munching on some almonds, how about an almond oil massage session?
 
#8. Caffeine
Any foods or drinks that have caffeine in them, like tea or coffee, can improve the blood circulation in the body including to the genital organs. But don’t overdo this, as it can have side effects like restlessness.
Easy Tip: Relax with some black coffee with your sweetheart before bedtime.
 
#9. Chillies
The spicier your food, the more excited you feel! Chillies release endorphins when you start feeling the heat, thus working great for your physical desires.
Easy tip: Have a spicy, hot chilli chutney or pickle with your dinner and get ready for a wild night!
 
#10. Strawberries
Sensuality has always been directly associated with strawberries. There have been numerous movie scenes where strawberries have been a part of the passionate love making. The vitamin C in the fruit along with antioxidants, works on the hormones and gives the pleasure that you crave for.
Easy tip: Top all your desserts with this yummy fruit to surprise your wife with not just your cullinary skills, but more as well!
 
YOU MAY LIKE TO READ:
1 - 4 of 50

Leopards reside in human habitats: studycuriosity
It was found that they are not ‘stray’ or ‘conflict’ animals, but residents in human-dominated areas, said Vidya Athreya of Wildlife Conservation Society.
Outside their protected areas, leopards often reside in human habitats, but avoid encounters with people, a new study shows.
Some researchers radio—collared five leopards in Maharashtra and Himachal Pradesh, for the first time in India, and recorded their movement patterns in human—dominated areas outside their protected habitat.
It was found that they are not ‘stray’ or ‘conflict’ animals, but residents in human-dominated areas, said Vidya Athreya of Wildlife Conservation Society.
Moreover, two of the females even gave birth to cubs during the course of the study, confirming their residence.
A number of cases of man—animal conflict involving leopards, hit by habitat loss, have been reported from all over the country.
The study, however, found that the big cats applied tactics to avoid encountering people, despite dependence on their resources.
Firstly, the animals mostly moved at night, which timed perfectly with low human activity. They also spent more time closer to homes, less than 25 metre in many location recordings, at night, than during the day.
“This gave them an access to people’s livestock, and yet kept them safe from people,” Athreya explained.
Scientists from Norway, Asian Nature Conservation Foundation and experts from the forest departments of Himachal Pradesh and Maharashtra took part in this study.

Holder announces new guidance to law enforcement officers ahead of Ferguson decisionBy Abby Ohlheiser November 21 Follow @abbyohlheiser
Attorney General Eric Holder talks with Capt. Ron Johnson of the Missouri State Highway Patrol at Drake’s Place Restaurant in Florrissant, Mo., on Aug. 20. (Pablo Martinez Monsivais/Reuters)
Attorney General Eric Holder announced Friday that the Bureau of Justice Assistance and the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services will provide law enforcement officers with “a new guide” that will compile “information, tools, and best practices to maintain public safety while safeguarding constitutional rights during First Amendment-protected events.”
“The Justice Department encourages law enforcement officers in every jurisdiction to work with the communities that they serve to minimize needless confrontation,” Holder said.
The announcement was made in a video released Friday morning. Holder didn’t mention Ferguson by name in the video, but a grand jury decision on whether to indict Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson for the fatal shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown is expected to come within the next few days.
The grand jury is examining whether the Aug. 9 shooting was justified. Potential charges against Wilson could range from first-degree murder to involuntary manslaughter, though many protesters in the St. Louis suburb are anticipating that Wilson will not be indicted.
“Over the past few months, we’ve seen demonstrations and protests that have sought to bring attention to real and significant underlying issues involving police practices, implicit bias and pervasive community distrust,” Holder said in the video. “In most cases, these demonstrations have been both meaningful and responsible and have brought vital issues to the attention of the public at large.
“Similarly, I want to emphasize this, the vast majority of law enforcement officers have honorably defended their fellow citizens engaged in these peaceful protests.”
Holder said that peaceful protests “have the potential to spark a sustained and positive national dialogue,” but cautioned that “as we’ve seen, durable relationships between the police and their communities do not develop overnight.”
He also addressed First Amendment demonstrators in his message, saying that “the most successful and enduring movements for change are those that adhere to nonaggression and nonviolence.” He encouraged demonstrators to act “in a way that respects the gravity of their subject matter.”
In a new video released Friday, Attorney General Eric Holder announced "a new guide" to help law enforcement officers "maintain public safety while safeguarding constitutional rights during First Amendment-protected events." (Department of Justice)
[This post has been updated.]
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

Si se pudo: How two top Spanish-language newspapers covered Obamas immigration announcementBy J. Freedom du Lac November 21 Follow @jfdulac
In a prime-time address on Thursday President Obama announced his plan to use his executive authority on immigration policy, protecting millions of illegal immigrants from deportation. (AP)
Eight months ago, in a widely discussed editorial, two of America’s leading Spanish-language newspapers — California’s La Opinión and New York’s El Diario La Prensa — hammered President Obama over immigration.
“Obama recently called himself the ‘champion-in-chief’ on immigration reform — a title that, without legislative approval of reform, only reflects the impotence of what he was unable to achieve,” the partner newspapers said in a joint editorial. “Reality rules the day, like the fact that his administration has carried out record numbers of deportations.
“Obama has an opportunity to change this path and do the right thing.”
On Thursday, Obama outlined a plan to provide administrative relief and work permits to as many as 3.7 million undocumented parents of U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents, as well as an additional 300,000 young immigrants who were brought to the country illegally as children.
Reaction from La Opinión and El Diario was mixed. On the front page, both papers declared “Sí se pudo” (yes we could), and added: “Thank you, Mr. President! Keep it up!”
"Sí se pudo." @LaOpinionLA 's front page, via @Newseum pic.twitter.com/0Yu80yJNZX
But an editorial published by both papers  is less effusive.
“This is a positive, although incomplete measure,” it says.
“This action is a temporary fix for a situation that requires broader and more permanent changes which can only be achieved through the legal process – with a comprehensive immigration reform. Otherwise, the measure will either expire or have to be extended every two years by whoever sits at the White House.
“For this reason, the action’s reach is limited, and leaves behind millions of people who could have been benefited. But at least millions of families won’t have to fear deportation for a while, and they won’t be separated.”
The editorial calls on congressional Republicans to act: “Instead of complaining about Democrats posturing to court Latino votes, Republicans have a unique opportunity to compete for the same electorate with a reform.”
You can read the full editorial here (or  here , if you prefer to read in Spanish).

Blaming Israel for Palestinian violence is racist: it denies that Arabs are moral agentsBy David Bernstein November 21
So says Alan Johnson in The Telegraph , responding to how the media covered the recent terrorist atrocity in Jerusalem, in which four Israelis (plus a policeman) were murdered while praying in a synagogue (example from the Canadian Broadcasting Company: “Jerusalem police fatally shoot 2 after apparent synagogue attack”.) Here’s an excerpt, but read the whole thing:
Palestinians are understood as a driven people, dominated by circumstance and emotion, lacking choice, below the age of responsibility, never to be held accountable. Israelis are the opposite; masters of all circumstances, rational and calculating, the root cause of everything, responsible for everything.
It is, palpably, an Orientalist view of the Palestinians as the Other, except this time they are affirmed as noble savages. It’s a bit racist, to be honest. For example, the Liberal Democrat David Ward MP tweeted that the Palestinian synagogue terrorists had been “driven to madness” – which not only removes agency from them but also sanity.
I would add one thing that Johnson leaves out. The description he provides of how Israelis are understood fits very nicely into traditional anti-Semitism, making it possible to blend modern leftist Third Worldism with more traditionally right-wing hostility to Jews, thus appealing to a broad swathe of European opinion.
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.

eBay partners ShopYourWorld for  Black Friday  sale in IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Supply gap high in refrigerated vans  pack houses: NCCCDPlea for greater attention to develop integrated cold chain
Ahmedabad, Nov 21:  
Looking at the growing demand for integrated cold chain, the National Centre for Cold Chain Development (NCCCD) has projected the need to create 30,000 pack houses and 60,000 refrigerated carriers (known as RTU - reefer transport unit) in the country.0
Speaking at the NCCCD ICE Conference 2014, Pawanexh Kohli, chief advisor and CEO, NCCCD informed more than the cold storages, there is a greater need to develop integrated cold chain across the country to meet the growing demand from horticulture sector.
“New thrust should be given to develop complete cold chain. At present there is a gap of 30,000 pack houses and 60,000 refrigerated carrier against the requirement,” said Kohli addressing the media here.
According to Kohli, India has 31 metric tonnes of cold storage capacity ready but there is deficit in refrigerated transport facility to move the produces from one place to another.
Kohli also mentioned that in coming years, fresh investments will take place in the pack houses and refrigerated carriers.
Gujarat has set up about 120 cold storages in a span of past three years, with an estimated investment of about Rs 500 crore. B R Shah, Director, Department of Horticulture, Government of Gujarat said, “In Gujarat there are currently about 450 cold storages, while most of them are being used for potato. Now we are seeing proposals coming from districts like Sabarkantha, Rajkot, Mehsana and Bhavnagar to build cold storages for onion, vegetables and lemon.”
According to Shah, Gujarat is the only state to provide power subsidy for setting up a cold storage. “Apart from 35 per cent central subsidy and additional 15 per cent state subsidy, Gujarat is providing power subsidy of Rs 1 lakh per year to the cold storages,” he added.
There are currently 15-20 proposals pending to set up cold storages in the state, he informed.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

ECIL secures export order from Toshiba CorpHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
ECIL secures export order from Toshiba Corp
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov. 21:  
Electronics Corporation of India Limited (ECIL) today, received an export order from Toshiba Corporation, Japan worth $ 300,000 for supply of 8.5m S Band Antenna and 4.2m C Band Antenna.
The Antenna Systems form part of Weather Monitoring Radars and will be integrated with Transmitter, Receiver and Radar Processor provided by Toshiba, Japan. They will enable accurate prediction of weather and are the state-of-art technology products meeting international standards. The purchase order was handed over by Group Manager, Toshihide Banba of Toshiba Corporation to P Sudhakar, Chairman & Managing Director, ECIL .
ECIL and Toshiba have also signed an agreement to address the domestic and international market for Doppler Weather Radars providing a technically superior, highly reliable solution with greatly reduced operating costs and eco-friendly system.
Earlier, ECIL along with Toshiba had bagged an order from Indian Meteorological Department for supply of Solid State Doppler Weather Radar. This Radar at Srinagar will be operationalised by Jan, 2015 enabling the accurate prediction of weather and help the civilian authorities in taking preventive measures while addressing natural calamities.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Mega farmers meet in Gujarat to mark Dr Kuriens birth anniversaryMega farmers’ meet in Gujarat to mark Dr Kurien’s birth anniversary
Rutam Vora
Amul modifies milk pouches with National Milk Day’s logo featuring Dr Kurien
Ahmedabad, Nov 21:  
It will be a unique tribute to the father of the milk revolution in India, Dr Verghese Kurien on his birth anniversary on November 26. The Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) is coordinating a mega farmers’ meet at each district headquarters across Gujarat to commemorate the birth anniversary of Dr Kurien.
“All the dairy cooperatives have agreed to commemorate this day as National Milk Day. The federation is coordinating meetings of farmers at district levels across Gujarat on that day and remember Dr Kurien’s contributions for development of dairy sector,” R S Sodhi, managing director, GCMMF, told BusinessLine. GCMMF markets milk products under Amul brand.
According to Sodhi, the meetings are arranged to discuss about Dr Kurien and his work of building the dairy sector. The way he turned-around the milk-deficient country into milk-rich and created avenues for women empowerment and employment for the smallest of the farmers. Also, the chief minister Anandiben Patel is likely to attend a farmers’ meet in Banaskantha district on November 26, sources informed.
The 17 member Unions of GCMMF have a farmer member strength of 35 lakhs spread across 16,000 villages of Gujarat.
All the dairy unions in the state will bring their respective farmer and milk producer members from across the districts to the local headquarter for the meeting. The meetings are seen crucial to sensitize farmers and their next generation about the success of dairy sector.
“It is unfortunate that new generation of milk producers are losing interest from dairy business. But for this, commercial dairy farming has to be encouraged. Farmers should be able to earn cost-plus from the dairy business,” said Sodhi adding that the event will help to sensitize farmers about this.
Adding further, Sodhi informed that during the celebrations of the National Milk Day and make a consumer-connect with Dr Kurien, all Amul milk pouches will carry National Milk Day’s logo featuring Dr Kurien during these days.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

IIT-M becomes first full member of CMSIIT-M becomes first full member of CMS
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, November 21:  
Indian Institute of Technology, Madras, has become the first IIT to be made a full member of the CMS (Compact Muon Solenoid) collaboration of CERN (Conseil Européen pour la Recherche Nucléaire), the European Organization for Nuclear Research, where physicists and engineers are probing the fundamental structure of the universe.
CERN is known for the discovery of the Higgs boson in 2012. The world-wide-web (www) was also invented at CERN. It is not only an international lab for fundamental research in experimental high energy physics but also provides a platform for innovation in technology through international collaboration. The two experiments that discovered Higgs boson are ATLAS (A Toroidal LHC Apparatus) and CMS (Compact Muon Solenoid).
IIT Madras’ admission as a full-member of CMS was made possible by a presentation made to the CMS Collaboration Board by Prafulla Kumar Behera of the Department of Physics at IIT Madras. He emphasised IIT Madras’ capabilities in experimental research, particularly in high-energy physics.
In addition to Behera, a second faculty member involved in this work is James Libby. Two graduate students have already joined the group to work on the CMS experiment. Although India has been part of the CMS experiment since its inception, IIT Madras is the only IIT invited to join the CMS experiment as a full member, according to the press release from IIT Madras.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Naidu favours interlinking of Krishna-Godavari riversNaidu favours interlinking of Krishna-Godavari rivers
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov. 21:  
The Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababau Naidu today said interlinking of the Krishna and Godavari rivers would be able to address the drought problems in Rayalaseema region of the State.
He said Andhra Pradesh is best suited to embark upon intra-state river linking to provide farmers with assured flow of water, keeping in mind annual variability of flood water flow.
During the “Jal Manthan “ Conference on inter-linking of rivers held at Vignan Bhawan, New Delhi today, he highlighted some of the concerns of the State and how these could be addressed by harnessing the potential of rivers by tapping the waters which flows down into the sea.
Mentioning about rivers in Andhra Pradesh, he mentioned that at 75 per cent dependability in all four perennial rivers of Godavari, Krishna, Penna and Vamsadhara and about 1,460 TMC of water is available which cater water to over 80 lakh farmers all over the State.
He said out of 199 lakh of cultivable area only 101 lakh acres irrigate area, still a balance of 97.81 lakh acres area is to be irrigated. Andhra Pradesh Government proposes to utilise 150-200 TMC of water which can bridge 15 lakh acres through inter-linking. The Handri-Neeva Srujala Sravanti and Veligonda projects can be implemented within 3 Years.
The Centre had announced Polavaram as a national project where more than 50 per cent of the project works, particularly, canals are completed. The State intends to complete this project within 4 years.
If the right canal of this project is linked with the river Krishna and about 70 TMC of water could be drawn to from Godavari. It is proposed to complete this work by June 2015, he said.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

IRDA seeks previous 4 years data from life insurersIRDA seeks previous 4 years’ data from life insurers
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov 21:  
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) has asked life insurance companies to submit data for the last four years to the Insurance Information Bureau (IIB).
The data should be submitted in the prescribed format from the year 2010-11 to 2013-14 before December 15, 2014, Sriram Taranikanti, Executive Director, IRDA said in a circular.
In addition, the insurers would need to submit data for the periods ending September and March of each financial year within a period of one month from the last day of respective month.
``It may be noted that the Bureau would also undertake other analytics work including those sought by the Authority and also the insurance industry from time to time,’’ the circular said adding that IIB could also prepare standardised reports relevant to the industry.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Stocks jump on China cut  Draghi hintCentral bank action bolsters stocks
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f2383914-712b-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ukip defeats Tories to win second by-electionBristol in strong position for devolution
The result shows British politics have become “unpredictable beyond comprehension”, said Ukip leader Nigel Farage. He admitted he had no idea whether his anti-EU party – which won May’s European Parliament election in the UK – could turn its two by-election victories into a general election breakthrough .
The defeat was a personal embarrassment for David Cameron, prime minister, who visited Rochester several times during the campaign and had obliged his cabinet members and MPs to follow suit.
Mr Cameron vowed to win back the seat in the general election but there was no sign that the by-election upset posed an immediate threat to his position as Conservative leader, largely because opinion polls show he remains more popular with voters than his party.
Political analysts saw in the Rochester result another example of how unhappy Britain’s voters have become with the country’s three main political parties . Mr Cameron has presided over an economic recovery that has delivered growth and 1.6m new jobs over the past four years, but which has also seen falling real wages and cuts to increasingly strained public services.
Two images from Rochester captured the breakdown in relations between Britain’s voters and its political elite.
The first was of a victorious Mr Reckless, arms aloft and enjoying his triumph over his former colleagues in the Conservative party, claiming that Rochester was a staging post for even greater things.
The second was posted on the Twitter feed of the Labour MP Emily Thornberry , an “image from Rochester” depicting a white van outside a terraced suburban house draped in red and white England flags of St George.
Ms Thornberry’s tweet came to symbolise the rupture between Britain’s political class – she is a wealthy lawyer living in an affluent area of north London – and the patriotic, football supporting, “white van man” that Mr Reckless now represents for Ukip.
Ms Thornberry resigned as shadow attorney-general after critics said the tweet was a sneering comment on the sort of white working-class voters who have switched to Ukip in droves in recent months.
She denied that was her intention, but her resignation – endorsed by Labour leader Ed Miliband – was a reflection of the panic sweeping through the political establishment over its perceived detachment from voters.
More video
Mr Miliband will face more questions about how far apart his party has grown from its core supporters. The Labour leader lives in a multimillion pound house in the same part of north London as Ms Thornberry.
Her resignation helped Mr Cameron and his party, who were able to turn a humbling defeat by Ukip into a story about Mr Miliband’s fumbling leadership of the Labour party.
Comment
What Ukip’s win in Rochester means for its chances in 2015
Last night the UK Independence party won its second seat in Britain’s parliament, writes Matthew Goodwin, Chatham House fellow and Nottingham university associate professor.
The result was not simply a product of national winds concerning public anxieties over immigration and the established political class. It also reflected uniquely local factors: Ukip’s improved campaigning at the grassroots; the reluctance of Labour to invest seriously in the campaign; and the failure of the Conservatives to find a strong alternative candidate or deliver a coherent anti-Ukip strategy.
Continue reading
But the rise of Ukip has exposed a dangerous gulf between voters and the main political parties, which shows no sign of narrowing with less than six months until the next general election.
Senior Tories are fretting over the possibility that Ukip, far from fizzling out, is pumping itself up and momentum could continue until polling day in May next year.
Come next year’s election: “They could go down to 10 per cent,” said one senior Tory MP. “On the other hand they could go above 20 per cent.” At that level, Nigel Farage’s party could win numerous seats and hold the balance of power.
After all, less than two months ago Mr Cameron was boasting at the Tory conference that he would win Rochester and Strood and crush the “turncoat” Mr Reckless under the weight of the party’s campaign machine.
Both Tories and Labour spent the campaign attempting to address Ukip’s appeal on immigration by setting out increasingly tough policies on migration from the EU, to no avail.
They discovered that Mr Farage likes nothing more than to lure the mainstream parties on to his pitch. He cannot lose – he can always trump his opponents by saying he would simply deal with excessive immigration by taking Britain out of the EU.
Mr Cameron has not given up yet and has promised a “major speech” on immigration soon, but as his US election adviser Jim Messina has warned, the issue is a distraction: “Every day we don’t spend talking about the economy is a day wasted.”
The Labour recriminations over Ms Thornberry’s resignation will buy him some time – but not much. Ukip has gained further momentum from Rochester and both Conservatives and Labour have less than six months to find a way of stopping the onward march of the “people’s army”.
Related Topics

Dovish Draghi speech hits the euroDovish Draghi boosts hopes of ECB stimulus
Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e2bcc510-7160-11e4-818e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Miners lead FTSE to best level in a monthMiners lead FTSE to best level in a month
Michael Hunter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a4bcbea6-7169-11e4-b178-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brazil investor in Club Med bid talksBrazil investor in Club Med bid talks
Adam Thomson in Paris
Tanure aims to join China’s Fosun with fresh offer for holiday group
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ad8f0506-7174-11e4-818e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hornby back on track as losses narrowHornby back on track as losses narrow
Tanya Powley, Manufacturing Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/99333422-716c-11e4-b178-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

America excels at absorbing not expellingAmerica excels at absorbing immigrants
Gary Silverman
There is simply no precedent in US history for deporting so many people in one fell swoop
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9f20702c-70ac-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hillarys 2008 lead was never as big as her 2016 one isBy Philip Bump November 21 Follow @pbump
A quick point that's been made a few times by a few people (especially Bloomberg News's Dave Weigel), but which deserves a more thorough look. Hillary Rodham Clinton led in 2008 presidential primary polls, as we all remember, which has often served as a "however" point in analysis of how she looks for 2016. "Hillary leads by a wide margin, however she led in 2008, too."
And that's true. But her lead in 2016 is substantially larger than what she enjoyed eight years ago. By way of example. Here's how the polling looked in the Democratic primary in New Hampshire in 2008, via Real Clear Politics .
Clinton led, often by a wide margin. Her largest lead was just over 21 points. (The numbers above are the Real Clear Polling average, incidentally, not raw poll numbers.)
Iowa was much closer. In fact, Clinton often trailed other candidates, including former North Carolina senator John Edwards.
Her largest lead in Iowa was 7.2 points.
Now compare that to 2016 polling -- which is still early, but a poll taken today is only about 50 days before the start of the polls above.
Hillary Clinton was the front-runner in 2008, ahead of Edwards and Obama, until she wasn't. Clinton is the front-runner for 2016, as well, ahead of a healthy dose of empty space and then Vice President Joe Biden and Sen. Elizabeth "No, Really, I'm Not Running" Warren (D-Mass.). It's a whole different race.
However, that can change.

Joe Arpaio files lawsuit against Obama over immigrationBy Hunter Schwarz November 21 Follow @hunterschwarz
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio in 2013. (Ross D. Franklin/AP)
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio filed a lawsuit Thursday in a U.S. District Court against President Obama over his executive action on immigration.
In the complaint, Arpaio calls the executive action and the 2012 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals “unconstitutional abuses of the President’s role in our nation’s constitutional architecture and exceed the power of the President within the U.S. Constitution.”
“The President cannot simply announce sweeping new rules and implement them by giving a speech,” the complaint reads.
The suit was also filed against Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services Director Leon Rodriquez, and U.S. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr.
Both Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer (R) and Gov.-elect Doug Ducey (R) released statements Thursday voicing their opposition to Obama’s executive action.
“[Obama's] new executive action sends a disturbing message about the way this President perceives his role as leader,” Brewer’s statement said.
Ducey called on Obama to “sit down and work with both sides of the aisle on a realistic solution, not further divide the country and exacerbate this problem after six years of inaction on his part.”
Reporter for The Washington Post. Formerly of the BuzzFeed Los Angeles bureau.

US stocks rally on global central bank movesFriday, 21 Nov 2014 |  4:00  PM ET
CNBC.com
What drove China's surprise rate cut
CNBC's Michelle Caruso-Cabrera dissects moves by the Chinese Central Bank.
U.S. stocks ended the week at highs as markets rallied on overseas central banks' stimulus efforts and an encouraging domestic outlook.
Early on Friday, China's central bank made its first interest rate cut in more than two years and the European Central Bank took action to stimulate the economy.
"The reason that Europe and China are doing this is not positive," said JJ Kinahan, chief strategist at TD Ameritrade, although he noted that weakness abroad has likely made high-yielding U.S. equities and bonds more attractive. "The close today will be interesting if people want to get out of their positions (to limit risk next week)."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at a record for the 28th time this year but failed to regain the intraday record it set in the morning of a more than 170-point gain, with most blue chips trading higher. Caterpillar led gains with a rise of more than 4 percent after Stifel initiated coverage with a "buy" rating and a price target of $122.
The S&P also lost some of its early gains in its 45th record close for the year, with the materials sector continuing to lead sector advancers, up more than 1 percent.
"Materials are globally exposed companies and trade with a direct correlation to global activity," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott.
The Nasdaq lost most of its morning gains but recovered slightly in the close.
"I can't point to anything newsworthy," Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at The Lindsey Group, said of the slight afternoon selloff. "I think the market going into today was overbought."
In an surprise move after the close of the Shanghai exchange for the week, the People's Bank of China cut its benchmark interest rates on Friday for the first time in more than two years to lower borrowing costs and lift a cooling economy back on track. The one-year benchmark lending rate has been trimmed by 40 basis points to 5.6 percent.
One-year benchmark deposit rates would be lowered by 25 basis points, the PBOC announced, adding that the reductions would be effective on November 22.
Read More Cheap credit in Europe, China: Too little, too late?
Major European national stock indices closed sharply higher after European Central Bank President Mario Draghi reiterated dovish statements in a speech at a European banking conference in Frankfurt on Friday. Later in the day, the ECB also announced that it has begun buying asset-backed securities.
"I don't think it's really important to rationalize which is more important," Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities, said in reference to the two central banks' moves. "One impacts the market now, one later."
The Euro fell more than 1 percent against the U.S. dollar to below $1.24.
"If this is a lesson to be learned, when inflation isn't a problem and the economy is a problem, central banks will stimulate," said Nick Raich, CEO of The Earnings Scout. "The one thing market bears have underestimated is central banks' willingness and readiness to accommodate."
He noted that worsening economic conditions were behind the central banks' action, although he said China's slowdown has abated.
Stimulus by central banks overseas would not necessarily translate into Fed action in the United States, analysts said.
"We're going towards diverging monetary policy, we're tightening," Hogan said, although he noted the Fed showed some concern that global slowdown would affect the U.S. economy.
On Thursday, the Euro zone November flash composite purchasing manager's index (PMI) from Markit came in at 51.4, below estimates and October's final reading of 52.1. China's flash PMI from HSBC fell to 50.0, the breakeven level that separates expansion from contraction.
In the United States preliminary PMI data from Markit also posted a slowdown, with a fall to 54.7 from October's final reading of 55.9. Analysts had expected a rise.
Meanwhile, speculation is growing that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries may cut oil production when it meets next Thursday. That talk has helped drive oil futures up from record lows and is likely to keep the market volatile on Friday and next week.
"One of the untold stories here is the OPEC move," Hogan said, noting that stimulus abroad would likely boost demand for energy and commodities.
Crude oil futures for January delivery gained settled up 66 cents at $76.51 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange, with gold futures for December settling up $6.80 at $1,197.70.
Symbol

You ll love these photos from the Prithvi Theatre FestivalNo one had a better seat this year at the Prithvi festival than this photographer
By: Kavi Bhansali
Every year, beginning on November 5 (the birthday of Prithviraj Kapoor), the Prithvi Theatre Festival – hosted by Prithvi Theatre, the brainchild of Jennifer and Shashi Kapoor – begins in Mumbai, where some of the best plays in India have premiered since 1975. It’s also a time when ‘theater-wallahs’ from all over meet once a year, like at a grand wedding celebration of a large family. Photographer Kavi Bhansali, as much a fly on the wall as he is part of the Prithvi family, has spent time with performers, directors and technicians in green rooms, backstage and on the catwalk; a witness to the private, fascinating world of performance art as part of an ongoing project documenting performers and the spaces they inhabit. Here, we bring you the festival’s drama, its grand gestures, and the people drawn by theater’s inexorable pull – masks off.
Recommend
Tweet
0
Danish Husain and Mahmood Farooqui drink tea in one of the dressing rooms during the interval of the premiere show of Daastan-e-Choubuli, a series of stories by Vijaydan Detha told in the Urdu Dastangoi tradition. The Prithvi Theatre Festival this year had 25 performances by stalwarts and new theatre groups spread over 12 days.
Siddharth Kumar practices his accent in the role of Teddy, his character in Akvarious Productions' Faith Healer. Prithvi Theatre features one of the finest examples of a 'thrust' stage – where the audience sits on three sides. The intimate performance space has excellent acoustics and facilitates an unmatched, compelling actor-audience relationship. For practitioners of theater, the reaction of the audience, and critical, strong feedback from contemporaries to their work is as invaluable as the festivities and revelry that go on for 12 days.
Paresh Rawal minutes before his StageTalk session. (StageTalk@Prithvi is a series of conversations with theater veterans; while last year the focus was on directors, this year it was on actors. Practitioners such as Rawal, Kumud Mishra, Shernaz Patel, Rohini Hattangadi and Om Puri spoke about their work, their journeys, aspirations and theater-at-large with journalist Pragya Tiwari.
Sudhir Pandey goes over his lines one last time before performing Hari Shankar Parsai's Woh Jo Aadmi Hai Na as part of the ‘Carnival’ – the final performances of the festival dedicated to the late theater director Satyadev Dubey. The Carnival features stalwarts performing short 10-12 minute pieces and well-known monologues over a session lasting two or three hours.
Sheeba Chaddha goes over her lines in the green room area, at the foot of the stairs leading up to the Prithvi office. As part of the Carnival, she performed 'Sleep', a short story by Haruki Murakami from the collection The Elephant Vanishes. Before a performance at Prithvi, the actors are often lost within themselves and their character, rehearsing lines, silences, movements and techniques.
Ratna Pathak Shah directs Naseeruddin Shah backstage, minutes before his entry for the premiere of Gabriel Emmanuel’s Einstein.
Einstein drinks chai. Naseeruddin Shah during a quick wig touch-up between acts as and in Einstein.
Om Puri checks his look before his StageTalk session.
A child actor in Nadira Zaheer Babbar's ‘Roshni Ki Sadaa' looks for her parents in the audience queued up outside.
Hidayat Sami rehearses his monologue from Daphne du Maurier's Rebecca, which ends with him shooting his wife.
While the crowd below waits to be let in for a performance, Balkrishna (or Bala, as he is better known), standing in the balcony above them, rings the first of three bells before zero hour.
It is only apt that Mukesh, a manager at the iconic Prithvi Café – a second home to ‘Prithviwallahs’ – closes proceedings with a couplet or two as the final Carnival act.
Kavi Bhansali is a photographer, multimedia producer and Partner at new media startup Oijo! He divides his time between Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata.
Recommend

Laurus Labs aims at excelling in chosen segmentsFocused on research: Chava Satyanarayana, Founder & CEO, Laurus Labs (Photo: A Prabhakar Rao)
CATEGORY: Excellence in Performance & Business Scalability (Large Companies)
Ever heard of Efavirenz? Not many have, but pharma circles know its importance. It is an active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) - the vital substance in a pill or a capsule - in many anti-retroviral or AIDS-treatment drugs. And half the Efavirenz in the world is made at the Hyderabad-based Laurus Labs.
"My company does not want to be just another player in any product," says Chava Satyanarayana, Founder and CEO. "We want to be in the top three in every product we make. We do what we are good at and not what everybody else is doing." This focused view has enabled Laurus Labs to grow its revenue from Rs 9 crore in the first year - it was founded in September 2005 - to Rs 1,200 crore in 2013/14. In October-end, it also got Rs 550 crore in funding from private equity firm Warburg Pincus for an undisclosed stake.
Laurus Labs prioritises research and holds more than 100 patents. "For a typical pharmaceutical entrepreneur, the usual practice is to first set up a factory, then take up solvent recovery, followed by treatment of waste and only then look at research and development," says Satyanarayana. "But we went the other way round, starting with research." It first took up oncology drugs before adding anti-retroviral ones. "We worked on the problems faced by this segment and found solutions to them," he adds.
VIDEO: Laurus Labs CEO talks about the 4 'P's of sucess
What are these? A major issue with many drugmakers when Laurus Labs began operating was the cost and supply of APIs - many companies had to import expensive reagents, all the way from Europe then, to make these APIs. Laurus Labs found local substitutes. "In one anti-retroviral, we replaced a reagent called di-ethyl zinc, which cost $60-70 per kg, with a mixture of sodium hydride and zinc chloride, which cost $6 a kg and was easily available in Hyderabad itself," says Satyanarayana. "That was our first breakthrough in late 2007-early 2008." Another hurdle is scalability, which too Laurus Labs has successfully overcome. Starting with 15 people, it now employs 2,000 - 600 of them in R&D - and has two factories, both in Visakhapatnam. The Warburg Pincus investment will be used to set up a third unit in the same city.
My company does not want to be just another player in any product. We want to be in the top three in every product we make
CHAVA SATYANARAYANA
Founder and CEO, Laurus Labs
Laurus Labs makes six anti-retroviral APIs and 20 oncology-related ones. "In three of the six anti-retrovirals, we have made substantial improvements and they are generating a lot of revenue," says Satyanarayana. Its five most successful APIs - of which Efavirenz is one - together have a global market share of over 25 per cent. Its five biggest clients are Mylan, Aurobindo Pharma, and Strides Arcolab in India, Hospira in the US, and Aspen in South Africa. "These were our top customers by 2009 and they are our top customers today, contributing 75 per cent of revenue," says Satyanarayana. The customers, in turn, readily endorse Laurus Labs product quality."It is a highly focused and customer-centric company," says N. Govindarajan, CEO, Aurobindo Pharma.
Satyanarayana is also careful to give his scientists full credit. "The patents we hold are no doubt credited to the company, but we make sure the chemist responsible also has his/her name included," he says. "Scientists need respect and we make sure they get it." Laurus Labs' attrition rate at the research scientist, manager and above levels is barely two to three per cent. "We recruit the right people and retain them, spending substantially on periodic training," he adds.
Laurus Labs currently makes only APIs, but the third unit will make finished drugs as well, making it an integrated drugmaker. "But we want a business model that does not complete with our customers," says Satyanarayana.

Movie review  Dumb And DumbToPrint
There isn't much Carrey and Daniels can get wrong here that isn't wrong already.
Written by Shalini Langer | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 8:30 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 8:50 pm
THE best thing about Dumb & Dumber To is that Dumb & Dumber came 20 years ago. Yes, 20. So it says something for the Farrelly brothers kind of humour that it doesn’t seem so very long back that we saw Lloyd (Carrey) and Harry (Daniels) driving around in a van covered with fur shaped like a puppy and stopping at little in torturing their bodies and our minds for some laughs.
That’s also the worst thing about Dumb & Dumber To. Because, if it is all so fresh, how do you get over and under it? It appears by not sparing the use of any bodily fluid, from poop to spit, or any bodily hole, from the covered to the protruding.
There isn’t much Carrey and Daniels can get wrong here that isn’t wrong already. However, even if the story was a little better, there is something quite pathetic about wrinkled, greying men on the wrong side of 40 behaving like their selves from the right side of 20.

Invited Obama to be R-day Chief Guest:ModiPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with US president Barack Obama at the White House during his visit to US in October 2014. (Source: AP photo)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:10 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 4:25 pm
US President Barack Obama will be the chief guest at the Republic Day parade on January 26, becoming the first US President to grace the occasion.
Explained:  Why the invite marks a watershed in India-US ties
Signalling a new chapter in Indo-US ties after his meetings with Obama in Washington, on the sidelines of the East Asia summit in Myanmar and at the G-20 summit in Australia, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday said he had invited Obama. He tweeted: “This Republic Day, we hope to have a friend over… invited President Obama to be the 1st US President to grace the occasion as Chief Guest.”
This Republic Day, we hope to have a friend over…invited President Obama to be the 1st US President to grace the occasion as Chief Guest.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) November 21, 2014
In response, the US National Security Council tweeted “President Obama will travel to India in Jan 2015 to participate in Indian Republic Day celebration as Chief Guest. President Obama will meet w/@narendramodi and Indian officials to strengthen and expand the U.S.-#India strategic partnership. Visit will mark 1st time US president will have honor of attending Republic Day, which commemorates adoption of India’s constitution #India.”
India accords special significance to the choice of chief guest for the Republic Day celebrations. New Delhi intermeshes strategy with hospitality to decide its chief guest. The choice every year is dictated by a number of reasons — strategic and diplomatic, business interest and international geo-politics.
Meeting on the sidelines of the East Asia summit in Myanmar capital Nay Pyi Taw, Obama called Modi, a “man of action”. And then came the announcement of an Indo-US agreement on the WTO.
@ invite of @narendramodi President Obama will travel to #India in Jan 2015 to participate in Indian Republic Day celebration as Chief Guest
— @NSCPress (@NSCPress) November 21, 2014
Obama last visited India in November 2010 when he had come to Mumbai and New Delhi on a State visit.
The choice of the US President is indicative of the push which the Modi government wants to give to India-US relationship at the beginning of his five-year term.
@ invite of @narendramodi President Obama will travel to #India in Jan 2015 to participate in Indian Republic Day celebration as Chief Guest

Buffalo death toll rises as officials  residents continue to clear lake-effect snowBy Sarah Larimer and Ed O'Keefe November 21 Follow @slarimer Follow @edatpost
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said the recent historic snow fall in the Buffalo area will cause flooding as the snow melts. He added that the New York Thruway will open today for essential travel and auto removal. (AP)
The death toll from a monster blizzard is still rising in western New York, where structural damage from the heavy snowis making roofs creak and officials in and around Buffalo are bracing for possible flooding, according to reports .
The most recent deaths include two people who were being transported from a nursing home, which was being evacuated , the Buffalo News reported early Friday morning. “We know that relocating people from nursing homes is a very tough thing,” deputy county executive Rich Tobe told the paper.
That means that the extreme lake-effect storm, which has dumped as much as 85 inches of snow  on the area, has claimed 13 victims so far. Most of them, the News reported, were killed by “cardiac issues when victims attempted to shovel snow or push vehicles.”
Sydney, a 6-year-old golden retriever, makes her way through five feet of snow in a Buffalo suburb. (John Normile/Getty Images)
The nursing home was evacuated out of concerns of structural damage to the building, Tobe told the Associated Press . Overnight, authorities received reports of at least 30 roof collapses.
“It’s getting heavier,” Cheektowaga resident Thomas Mudd Jr., who cleared snow from his roof with his wife, told the AP. “It’s supposed to warm up, and we’re supposed to get rain on the weekend, which will make it even heavier. So I didn’t want my roof collapsing.”
Temperatures in the area are expected to soar into the 60s by Monday, according to The Post’s Capital Weather Gang.
“The warming will bring melting. The melting will bring water. Water will bring floods,” New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) said at a news conference, according to Reuters . “We are preparing now for more flooding than we have seen in a long, long time. We’ve never had this much snow and this much melting of this much snow in a short period of time.”
Cuomo announced at the news conference that sections of the New York State Thruway will reopen Friday afternoon, mostly to allow crews to remove abandoned vehicles and snow.
Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) told The Post in an interview that “we’re waiting for the governor to request a disaster declaration . I’ve been in touch with the White House and am making sure that FEMA is on the ground because in Buffalo, they’ve had some issues in the past in making sure they get their disaster requests in fast enough.”
Schumer added that “the biggest danger is the roofs. And on Monday and Tuesday, the temperatures are going to climb into the 50s and it might rain, so there’s concern that all that snow is just going to act like a sponge and absorb more water and put more weight on the roofs.”
Thirty roofs have collapsed across the region so far, Schumer said.
Here are more pictures from New York:
Workers clear snow from the roof of Costanzo’s Bakery on Friday in Cheektowaga, N.Y. (Mike Groll/AP)
Ryan O’Shei clears snow from his driveway on Friday in Cheektowaga, N.Y. (Mike Groll/AP)
Heavy equipment moves snow at the Central Terminal in Buffalo, N.Y., on Friday. (Mike Groll/AP)
A bulldozer pushes snow that was removed from south Buffalo neighborhoods on Friday. (Mike Groll/AP)
Heavy equipment moves snow that was removed from south Buffalo neighborhoods. (Mike Groll/AP)
A snowfall that brought huge snowdrifts and closed roads around Buffalo is expected to stop on Friday. Forecasters say that rising temperatures could melt snow and cause floods next week. (AP)
[This post has been updated.]
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.
Ed O’Keefe is a congressional reporter with The Washington Post and covered the 2008 and 2012 presidential and congressional elections.

1 Dead  3 Injured In Gulf Of Mexico Oil Rig ExplosionOil Rig Explosion In Gulf Of Mexico Leaves 1 Dead, 3 Injured
Reuters
* Echo Platform was not in production at the time of  incident
* Fieldwood says offshore facility undamaged
* At least one injured, no pollution was reported     (Adds background, byline, company response, recasts lead)
By Ian Simpson
WASHINGTON, Nov 20 (Reuters) - An explosion at oil and gas  operator Fieldwood Energy's Echo Platform in the Gulf of Mexico  on Thursday killed one person and injured at least one, but no  pollution was reported, a U.S. safety agency and the company  said.
The explosion occurred just before 3 p.m. CST (2 p.m.  EST/1900 GMT) at West Delta 105, about 12 miles (19 km) off the  coast of New Orleans, the U.S. Bureau of Safety and  Environmental Enforcement said in a statement.
"The Echo Platform was not in production at the time of the  incident. The facility damage was limited to the explosion area  and there was no pollution reported," it said.
The agency said three people were injured and were being  treated at an onshore medical facility.
In a statement, Fieldwood said one employee of a contractor  was killed and a second contractor employee was seriously  injured. There was no explanation for the discrepancy in the  number of injured.
Fieldwood said the platform was undamaged and that it had  few details about the accident.
"This was an isolated incident that has been fully  contained," it said.
The U.S. safety agency said it was coordinating with the  Coast Guard on the response and would investigate the incident.
Fieldwood has become the largest player in the shallower  continental shelf region of the U.S. Gulf. The Houston-based  company is owned by private equity firm Riverstone Holdings LLC.
Fieldwood bought Apache Corp's Gulf shelf assets for  $3.75 billion in July 2013. It acquired SandRidge Energy Inc's   Gulf assets for $750 million in January.     (Editing by Himani Sarkar)
More:

Nifty hits lifetime high on rally in banking stocksThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

The Week That Was - November 17 to 21  2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

CBI Director should quit: CongThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi invites Obama to be chief guest at Republic DayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India needs infra push for double-digit growthThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Japan orders air bag maker to conduct probeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Speaker to hold all-party meeting SaturdayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Water level touches 142 ft in Mullaperiyar DamThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sania to endorse Vencobb ChickenHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Sania to endorse Vencobb Chicken
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov. 21:  
After Sony Pix cast Sania Mirza in the avatar of a trainer at the `Pix school of BONDing’, the tennis star will soon endorse the popular Vencobb’s Chicken.
The makers of Vencobb Chicken brand are Venkateswara Hatcheries. Sania Mirza will be the brand ambassador for the product, said a press release from the All India Poultry Development & Services.
Sania combines power with performance in her sports and Vencobb wants to promote this quality and promote chicken as the healthiest food that is available at an affordable price, the release stated.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Telangana: Panel to study solar pump set use in farm sectorTelangana mulls replacing water pumps with solar pumps
Our Bureau
Telangana Chief Minister K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hyderabad, Nov. 21:  
The Telangana Government has constituted a committee of five senior officials to study the feasibility of replacing all the water pump sets in the farm sector with solar pump sets.
This move follows a directive by State Chief Minister K.Chandrasekhar Rao after a review of the progress of solar pump project. He wanted a detailed analysis of the savings and the estimation of the overall cost before a massive project to change the pumps sets is considered.
Rajendra V Mahajan, Associate Vice President of Kiriloskar Brothers and Ajay Shirodkar, General Manager,met with the Chief Minister proposing to install solar pump sets and also evincing interest to maintain them for 10 years.
As per the plan, it is proposed to take up a pilot project in the State to establish solar pump sets and follow this up with one lakh pump sets in phase one and then take it up on a bigger scale.
The State has more than 20 lakh pump sets which are used in the agriculture sector. They consume about 13 million units of energy per day if used for about seven hours in a day and require about Rs 15 crore per day.  Given the huge financial implications of supplying power to the pump sets, the State wanted to evaluate how the solar pump sets would work out in the long run.
The State has earmarked Rs 240 crore for solar pump sets in the Budget for a pilot project.
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

HFC phase out talks: Lack of consensus over forming contact groupHFC phase out talks: Lack of consensus over forming contact group
Aesha Datta
Tweet
Paris, Nov 21:  
The US efforts to form a contact group for negotiating on phasing out of hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), under the Montreal Protocol on ozone-depleting substances, failed on the last day of talks on Friday. 
According to sources, the US was making an effort to form a formal contact group for negotiations on the greenhouse refrigerant gases. However, opposition from Saudi Arabia and Pakistan was able to defer the matter. The sources said the issue of contact group is likely to be taken up once again over the next session of the Montreal Protocol talks. 
Lack of consensus between countries during the informal discussions was another hurdle for the formation of a contact group. 
Minister for Environment and Forests, Prakash Javadekar, who was attending the UN talks, said that the success of Montreal Protocol was based on the consensus and the fact that all the parties worked together towards the goal. That spirit should be maintained, he said.
Javadekar suggested that there should be a global effort at collaborative research on alternative technologies to HFCs. 
The Minister is believed to have held bilateral talks with high-level delegates of at least 20 countries on climate issues. 
(The reporter is  in Paris on the invitation of The Centre for Science and Environment)
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related

Shah Rukh Khan becomes brand ambassador of DHFLHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Shah Rukh Khan becomes brand ambassador of DHFL
Our Bureau
Mumbai, Nov 21:  
Housing finance company, DHFL on Thursday announced Bollywood celebrity Shah Rukh Khan as its Brand Ambassador.
This is the Company's first such brand association in its 30 year journey of providing financial access for home buying amongst Indian customers, the company said in a statement.
Shah Rukh Khan said, “It is an honour to be associated with DHFL. I truly believe that owning a home is the first step towards ensuring a secure and confident future for every family. I personally believe that DHFL's mission of enabling home ownership amongst every Indian is as relevant today, as it was 30 years ago when DHFL began operations. It is exciting that, now I am associated with them as a brand ambassador in their journey of catering to customers with effective and relevant financial services products."
Kapil Wadhawan, Chairman and Managing Director, DHFL, said, “We are extremely pleased to have Mr. Shah Rukh Khan as DHFL's Brand Ambassador. DHFL has been enabling financial access for every Indian to own a home of his own over the past 30 years…Shah Rukh Khan, with his people connect driven by diverse performances, has enthralled Indians over the years."
DHFL has been marketing its solutions to customers across 550 locations in India through national and regional level advertisement and event campaigns
(This article was published on November 21, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Cameron must reframe his response to UkipDavid Cameron must reframe his response to Ukip
Rochester result proves that aping Farage does the PM no favours
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ee09b2ec-716b-11e4-818e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uncertain mood as Iran nuclear talks beginDiplomats eye interim Iran agreement as final deal talks stall
Sam Jones in Vienna and Najmeh Bozorgmehr in Tehran
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94aa2f2e-717f-11e4-818e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://americasmarkets.u...Yahoo finds way to blow Alibaba riches
By: Matt Krantz September 19, 2014 11:54 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Yahoo (YHOO) might be celebrating its $8.3 billion windfall from selling Alibaba shares. Here’s the problem: It could have made $11.3 billion.
By selling 121.7 million of its shares in the initial public offering, Yahoo essentially left $3 billion on the table. That’s because Yahoo sold at the laughably low initial offering price of $68 a share, rather than the true value: Friday’s opening price of roughly $93.
This is a big deal for Yahoo, which needs as much cash as possible to keep its competitiveness in a fast-changing Internet world. The amount of money Yahoo left on the table is greater than the $2.7 billion the company reported in cash and short-term equivalents as of June 30.
Compare Yahoo with Japanese investor Softbank, the largest outside holder of shares. Softbank didn’t sell any of its shares in the IPO.
Shares of Yahoo are down $1.81, or 4.3%, to $40.28 in trading Friday.
If there’s a bright side in all this, it’s that Yahoo didn’t unload all its shares. Yahoo is still holding 401.8 million shares of Alibaba. Those shares are worth $37.7 billion at the opening price, which is nearly equal to the $40.9 billion value of Yahoo itself.

Theater picks for Fall 20140
The Great Chicago Fire Festival: Perhaps the most ambitious performance-based project of the year, and an event with a great deal of buy-in from the city of Chicago, the Great Chicago Fire Festival is an outdoor spectacle created by Redmoon Theater, the long-lived Chicago company that now focuses on outdoor spectacles and private events. Although the high-concept event already is underway in various communities, the big night is Oct. 4, when massive “fire caldrons” will be lowered from bridges onto boats waiting on the Chicago River below. The boats then will ferry out the caldrons to stationary platforms, where huge fire-based sculptures will be set ablaze. The action all takes place in downtown Chicago between the State Street and Columbus Avenue bridges. And Redmoon says more than 200 performers and singers will be involved in this ritualistic burning of the city's troubles. The free night ends with a massive fireworks display. Oct. 4 on the Chicago River between State Street and Columbus Avenue; free; more at chicagofirefestival.com
“Let Me Down Easy/Mercy Strain”: And yet a third play about the end of life: Anna Deavere Smith's “Let Me Down Easy.” First performed by the famed monologuist herself and performed in Chicago by the actor Usman Ally, “Let Me Down Easy” is a collage of 13 (living) Americans sharing their views and desires about the end of their lives and the nature of their exits. At American Theater Company, that provocative and widely admired piece is being paired with “Mercy Strain,” another solo piece, this one created and delivered by the actor-writer Michael Milligan. A hit at the Edinburgh Festival in Scotland, “Mercy Strain” deals with the perils of living in America without adequate health insurance to cover the serious illness of someone you love. Sept. 12 to Oct. 18 in separate productions at American Theater Company, 1909 W. Byron St.; $38-$48 at 773-409-4125 or atcweb.org
“Mary Poppins”: Here's one full of life, one hopes. The Paramount Theatre in Aurora, which hit “Annie” out of the park for the 2013 Christmas season, is gearing up for another family-based holiday spectacle in its historic, emotionally resonant venue in downtown Aurora, replete with full, Broadway-sized orchestra and, I am told, a Mary Poppins who actually flies, as she surely must, lest small people be disappointed. The title role in the timeless Disney title will be played by Emily Rohm, supported by Matt Crowle as the chimney-sweep Bert, with the entire, fresh, locally created production directed and choreographed by Rachel Rockwell (“Brigadoon” at the Goodman Theatre). Nov. 26 to Jan. 4 at the Paramount Theatre, 23 E. Galena Blvd., Aurora; $41-$54 at 630-896-6666 or paramountaurora.com
“Native Son”: Court Theatre celebrates its 60th anniversary this fall and the centerpiece on its stage is Nambi E. Kelley's new dramatic adaptation of Richard Wright's “Native Son.” Wright's book, which sold 250,000 copies in 1940, is, without question, one of the most important works written about Chicago and, many have argued, the first great literary work to deal in any kind of personal, meaningful way with the African-American experience on the South Side of Chicago, and beyond. Bigger Thomas remains an icon. And Kelley is not penning the first dramatic adaptation. But it's still fair to say that this work has been woefully underexposed to date in Chicago theater and that makes this new endeavor, produced in cooperation with American Blues Theater, where Kelley is an ensemble member, all the more important. The New York-based director Seret Scott is at the helm, with Jerod Haynes playing Bigger Thomas. Haynes was born and raised on Chicago's South Side. Sept. 11 to Oct. 12 at Court Theatre, 5535 S. Ellis Ave. $35-$65 at 773-753-4472 or courttheatre.org

Markets slow their fall  but is correction neargailmarksjarvis RT @ProSyn: Weak German growth is hurting the #eurozone, says @CEPS_thinktank's Daniel Gros http://t.co/25ijhGt1Sh
Stock Market
Spencer Platt, Getty
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday. The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 0.04 percent on at 16,315 and is down about 6 percent for the year.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday. The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 0.04 percent on at 16,315 and is down about 6 percent for the year. (Spencer Platt, Getty)
Dow Jones bleeding stops Tuesday
Finally, some relief. But barely.
After a 673-point plunge in the Dow Jones industrial average over three days, investors went bargain-shopping Tuesday and all but stopped the decline in the stock market.
Investors got nervous after pushing stocks up more than 100 points early in the day and bailed out just before the close. End-of-the-day selling is a bad sign. It suggests a lack of confidence in the markets and came on a day when a huge decline in oil prices gave credence to concerns that the global economy is slowing.
The Dow closed down 0.04 percent at 16,315 and is down about 6 percent from its September high.
  Open link
While that's not a major downturn, the angst in the market lately is suggesting that the stock market may be on its way to a correction, a downturn of 10 to 20 percent. That's stock market movement that produces anxiety because when stocks are falling, investors are never sure how far they will go.
Yet, if the downturn turns out to be a mere correction, it's considered healthy in the long run because it simply wipes out some of the overenthusiasm investors have had for stocks this year.
Corrections tend to be short-lived, with stocks recovering from losses within about four months, according to Standard & Poor's analyst Sam Stovall.
Analysts are not expecting a bear market — a downturn of more than 20 percent — because major losing periods typically happen during recessions. The U.S. economy is considered relatively healthy compared with the rest of the world, although potentially vulnerable if the global slowdown continues and worsens.
"While the locomotive role of the U.S. is less powerful than it was a couple of decades ago, it has regained its role as a major driver of global growth," said IHS economist Nariman Behravesh.
Yet, investors aren't particularly comfortable betting on stocks anywhere in the world.
Since September, they've cringed as Europe's economy flirted with a return to recession, as the Ebola virus reached the U.S., as the Islamic State made gains in the Middle East, and as Russia's intentions in Ukraine and Eastern Europe added to jitters.
The angst has shown up in dramatic daily moves up and down in the stock market since mid-September, and is especially evident in declining U.S. Treasury yields.
When yields are falling, it's a sign investors want their money in safe bonds even though bonds aren't paying much. Yields on 10-year Treasury bonds at the end of last year were about 3 percent, but Tuesday the yields dipped below 2.2 percent as investors worldwide sought a safe haven.

Retailers  Plans Worry Worker Advocates
Wave Goodbye to the Two-Car Family
U.S. Safety Agency Urges National Air Bag Recall
How to travel without tearsHow to travel without tears
Travel tips
Expert advice from a frequent flier
Expert advice from a frequent flier (Tomasz Wyszomirski / Getty Images/iStockphoto)
By Greg Lindsay, Inc.com
Air Transportation Industry
Travel tips from a frequent flier
Randy Petersen founded  FlyerTalk , the Web's largest frequent-flier community, in 1995 and sold it in 2007. He now runs MilePoint and BoardingArea — two more sites focusing on the ins and outs of air travel. His advice comes from hard experience, so hear him out.
0
Go monochrome. My uniform hasn't changed in 20 years; every time I fly, I'm in Nike, and I'm all in black. I'm the most  comfortable passenger  the airline industry ever invented. I never worry about someone spilling stuff all over me. And I never have to take off a belt.
Don't carry receipts. The worst thing is to be slowed down by paperwork. I use an app called Expensify to take a picture of every receipt as soon as it lands on the table. After that, I don't care if I lose it.
Movies are for kids. Real road warriors get on the plane and just go to sleep. Don't stay up all night watching movies, or waiting for someone to get upset about a  Knee Defender . I'm a big believer in Benadryl. A little dose and I'm drowsy. The next thing I know, I'm where I should be.
Treat yourself. I've learned that in your middle years as a traveler, you stop thinking you're invincible. It's OK to spoil yourself along the way. Every time I see one of those half-hour massages at the airport — here's my money, get me going. If I can't get in a lounge for free, I'm good with spending $50. A familiar environment where I'm not fighting for power outlets is worth it. Cokes cost eight bucks in the terminal, anyway.
Stop schlepping. I still check bags, at least internationally, because you're traveling with more than a backpack. I don't like carrying stuff around if I don't have to. Frequent fliers like me don't pay $25 per bag anyway, so I might as well take advantage of it. I want to ensure I'm getting the most out of my benefits.
Arrive hungry. On board, food just doesn't interest me. I've never seen it executed well on a long-haul flight, anyway.

Lucas Jackson / ReutersIn-flight Wi-Fi is a godsend for fliers with important business to conduct or a cute, "can’t-wait" selfie to send. But is that modern amenity worth $1,200?
Toronto businessman Jeremy Gutsche doesn’t think so.
During a recent flight from London to Singapore on Singapore Airlines, Gutsche signed up for a $30 in-flight internet package. He checked his email and took a nap. Then he woke up to a Wi-Fi bill for over a thousand dollars.
Trendhunter.com
Receipt for Jeremy's WiFi bill.
At the end of his flight, Gutsche’s tab from in-flight internet provider OnAir showed an overage charge of $1,142.47, for a grand total of $1,171.46.
"Yes, the pricing per mb was disclosed on sign-up, but I bought the $30 package, slept through most the flight, and really didn't think I'd end up a thousand bucks past the limit," he wrote on his website. Gutsche could not be immediately reached for comment.
Indeed, the busy trend watcher who described himself in an online profile as “easily distracted” may not have noticed if he clicked “allow me to use the internet without interruption” or “disconnect my session when I’ve reached my data allowance” at sign-in.
A Singapore Airlines spokesperson said the company “is in touch with Mr. Gutsche regarding his recent feedback.” But OnAir said Gutsche, like all customers, had plenty of opportunities to bail out.
SingaporeAirlines.com
A screenshot of the Singapore Airlines WiFi login page.
“During the flight, a bar shows your data consumption, so at all times you can see exactly how much data you are using. And even if you have opted for pay-as-you-go, you remain in complete control: you can end the session at any time using the 'disconnect' button,” OnAir spokeswoman Aurelia Branchereau-Giles said via email.
Domestic airlines offering air-to-ground internet service often offer a pass for unlimited use during a flight, a day or a month. But satellite-supported internet connectivity offered by international carriers is more expensive to offer, leading airlines to offer packages of megabyte use.
“These packages are hugely unpopular with passengers, who find them extremely limiting and nothing akin to the connectivity they're accustomed to accessing on the ground,” said Mary Kirby, editor of the Runway Girl Network. “Always read the fine print,” said Kirby, “because myriad carriers offer this sort of packaged service, and airlines will not accept a disregard of the 'terms of service' as an excuse for expensive overages.”
Among business travelers, Gutsche isn’t getting much compassion.
“What kind of stupid traveler pays no attention to the meter,” said Joe Brancatelli, creator of the business travel site JoeSentMe.com, “Does this guy also hop in a cab in Singapore and ask to be taken to Kuala Lumpur?”
Bottom line, says Brancatelli. “Pay more attention.”
Tags:

11 Ways Retailers Get You to Bust Your Budget11 ways retailers get you to bust your budget
Kelli B. Grant CNBC
Email
Shoppers know they have to bring their "A" game to get the best deals during  the holiday sales bonanza, but they may not realize how high the odds are  stacked against them.
Retailers employ numerous strategies to "fool your animal brain," said  financial psychologist Brad Klontz, co-author of "Mind Over Money." The aim:  Trigger an emotional reaction that will cause you to deviate from your carefully  prepared shopping list and spend more.
Abel Uribe/Chicago Tribune
Retailers employ numerous strategies to "fool your animal brain" into shopping more.
"Before you go shopping, there have been teams of researchers, scientists and  marketing professionals who have been talking about you for months," he said.  "They're putting a lot of thought into your shopping experience. You should do  the same."
CNBC.com talked to consumer psychologists and retail consulting firms  about some of the pitfalls shoppers are likely to encounter (often, without  knowing the impact). It starts before you're even through the doors. Mouse over  the images below to reveal the ways retailers try to get you to  overspend:
Once a retailer has reeled you in (or you've gone in purposefully, to  nab a sale item on your list), it can take a serious effort of willpower to stay  on track.
Almost out the door? You're not in the clear yet.  
© 2014 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved
Tags:

Some of the Best-selling Minivans Fail Crucial Crash Tests
JOHANNES EISELE / AFP-Getty Images
Nationals add A.J. Cole  Brian Goodwin  Wilmer Difo  Matt Grace to 40-man rosterBy James Wagner November 20 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Matt Grace at Syracuse. (Herm Card/Courtesy of the Syracuse Chiefs)
Ahead of Thursday’s deadline to protect players from December’s Rule 5 draft , the Nationals added four prospects — right-handed starter A.J. Cole, outfielder Brian Goodwin, infielder Wilmer Difo and left-handed reliever Matt Grace — to the 40-man roster.
The Nationals already had two open roster spots. And in order to clear another two spots, the Nationals placed reliever Ryan Mattheus on outright assignment and he elected free agency. Mattheus was a key part of the Nationals bullpen in 2012 but struggled ever since he broke his hand in 2013 when he punched a locker and spent most of 2014 in the minors. Infielder Pedro Florimon, who the Nationals claimed off waivers from the Twins late last season, was claimed off waivers by the Pirates.
The Rule 5 draft takes place Dec. 11 in San Diego, the final day of the winter meetings. Any player selected in the draft must remain on the 40-man roster the entire season — if not, he is returned to his original team. The Nationals’ 40-man roster is now full, so if the Nationals make an offseason move, it would require more room.
Cole, 22, was the most obvious addition to the 40-man roster. He is the Nationals’ No. 2 prospect, after starter Lucas Giolito. Cole, who has standout control of his mid-to-high 90s fastball, went 13-3 and 3.16 ERA this year, his best professional season to date, and finished at Class AAA Syracuse. He is expected to be in big league spring training, and could serve as rotation and bullpen depth during the season.
Grace, 25, also had his finest season to date, posting a 1.17 ERA between Class AA Harrisburg and Syracuse this season. He is durable, tough on left-handers, throws heavy sinkers, pitched well in the Arizona Fall League and could be a cheaper option for the Nationals’ bullpen next season . Consider him a darkhorse bullpen candidate in spring training.
Difo, 22, could have been left unprotected because he spent the season at Class A Hagerstown but the Nationals didn’t want to risk losing the talented middle infield prospect, one of the few in the system, and rewarded him for a breakout season. The Dominican native hit .315/.360/.470 with 14 home runs and stole 49 bases this season, while playing both shortstop and second base. He was the MVP of the South Atlantic League and, based on a generous estimate, could be pushing toward the major leagues in 2016.
Goodwin, 24, had a down 2014 season but still carries plenty of potential. He was surpassed by outfield prospects Michael A. Taylor and Steven Souza Jr. on the outfield depth chart. He hit .219/.342/.328 with four home runs, six stolen bases and 95 strikeouts in 81 games last season at Syracuse. He was the 34th overall pick in the 2011 draft and the Nationals handed him a $3 million signing bonus, so they protected their investment by adding him to the 40-man roster.
The most notable omission was power-hitting corner infielder Matt Skole, but it makes sense. The left-handed hitter is intriguing because of his power but he was injured in 2013 and struggled during his return last season. He hit .241/.352/.399 with 14 home runs and 127 strikeouts in 132 games at Harrisburg. A team willing to carry him on the 40-man roster all season could snatch him up.
Two kinds of players can be taken in the Rule 5 draft: those who have played four seasons and debuted as a professional after they turned 19, and those who were 18 at their debut and have played five seasons. For this year, essentially, that means players drafted out of college in 2011 and players picked from high school in 2010. Teams can prevent opposing clubs from taking its players by adding them to their 40-man roster.
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

Chart: The world is too fat and its costing us $2 trillion a yearBy Adam Taylor November 21 Follow @mradamtaylor
We're fat -- and we're getting fatter. One estimate from earlier this year found that almost one-third of the world was now obese (that's more than 2 billion people) and that numbers had been rising, significantly, for decades.
The world's growing obesity and the health problems that come with it are a big deal -- and come with a significant cost.
A new report from consulting firm McKinsey estimates that the world's obesity problem cost it $2 trillion in 2012. That's more than alcoholism, climate change, or drug use, and almost as much as war and terrorism or smoking.
(McKinsey Global Institute)
McKinsey's report, titled " How the world could better fight obesity ," hopes to outline the ways that tings could improve. It paints a complicated picture, not only calling for better education and personal responsibility, but also further intervention over a variety of sectors to force change.
The problem is that there's not too much evidence as to exactly works in the battle against obesity. With no major success stories in combating obesity in the last 30 years, we're left to guess at what actually works.
MicKensey is aware of these limitations, but hopes that things will evolve, especially given the high financial and human cost of obesity.
"We see our work on a potential program to address obesity as the equivalent of the 16th-century maps used by navigators," the report notes. "On those maps, some islands were missing and some continents were misshapen, but they were still helpful to the sailors of that era."
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

This war video game is not about the shooters. Its about the victimsBy Rick Noack November 21 Follow @rick_n
A screenshot taken from the video game "This War of Mine." (11 bit studios.)
There are many war games that enable players to slip into the roles of elite soldiers or criminals. " This War of Mine " is different: It takes the viewpoint of civilians who have to survive in a besieged city. Instead of adrenaline rushes from playing war and wielding weapons, players experience the horrors of being a non-combatant surrounded by violent conflict.
Although the game is located in a fictional city called Pogoren, its storyline is visually based on the 1992-1995 Bosnian war. That conflict gained sad prominence in part because of the shocking and rampant use of torture and ethnic cleansing. About 40 percent of those killed were civilians, who are usually only portrayed as bystanders in ordinary war games. Later in the development process, the writers and directors say they also started to incorporate details from contemporary conflicts, such as the ones in Syria or Ukraine.
The different perspective is emphasized in a trailer released by Warsaw-based game developer 11 bit studios. The camera moves from fighting soldiers toward a family hiding in a house. A sentence emerges on the screen: "In war not everyone is a soldier."
"Just consider the following scenario: In a deserted supermarket there's a soldier attempting to hurt a woman. Will you risk your life to help her or run away from the danger?" the game's senior writer, Pawel Miechowski, described in an interview one situation players will face.
"This is not about explaining historical facts, but rather about making players feel the pointlessness of war," Miechowski said. He hopes that players will feel a stronger connection to civilians who are currently trapped in conflict zones.
Whether a war game can generate empathy is an open question. But the developers took their attempt seriously: They talked to eyewitnesses of various conflicts, read articles and consulted experts. Consequently, "This War of Mine" features a variety of struggles -- from surviving diseases to post traumatic stress disorders to food shortages.
The game aims to look authentic -- for instance, with detailed reproductions of graffiti found in besieged cities after the end of the Bosnian war.
A screenshot taken from "This War of Mine." (11 bit studios.)
The building in this image bears strong resemblances to Sarajevo's principal government building, which was damaged by shelling in 1992.
(11 bit studios.)
This file photo of the burning government building, taken in 1992, shows how closely the game emulates the war it is visually based on.
A government building, seen from the destroyed interior of a downtown hotel, burns after being hit with an artillery shell fired from Serb positions on the hills surrounding Sarajevo on Aug. 20, 1992. (Corinne Dufka/Reuters)
However, the developers insist "This War of Mine" does not have to be a depressing experience for players.
"In wars, there is also solidarity between the people, mutual aid, exceptional and moving acts of compassion. We wanted our game to include all of those things: the evil and devastation, as well as the perseverance and kindness. Which path the player shall take is left up to them," design director Michal Drozdowski said. 
The developers also asked two people who experienced real wars to test their game. One of them was John Keyser, a U.S. Marine who served in Iraq. The other, Emir Cerimovic, was a child when the Bosnian war broke out. Cerimovic was able to escape after a year to France, where he still lives today.
In a video that accompanies the release of the video game, Cerimovic relives the traumatic experience: "I saw soldiers on my balcony. You woke up, and you had nothing left", he says, while sitting in the backseat of a car driving through Sarajevo, today's capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Scenes from the video game are used to illustrate his experience. The trailer suggests: This is as close as a video game can come to the horrors of war.
All main characters in the game are based on 3D scans of the bodies and faces of the developers and their friends. But because of the traumatic nature of the subject, some candidates refused to participate or were rejected. "Although I have two young boys who would fit the project perfectly, I said: 'No, this is so serious that I don’t want my kids in our game'," art director Przemyslaw Marszal explained.
"We haven’t scanned any child," he said. "All children models are modeled from scratch."
Rick Noack writes about foreign affairs. He is an Arthur F. Burns Fellow at The Washington Post.

Heres exactly what Obama is going to do about immigration -- and how to qualifyBy Max Ehrenfreund November 20 Follow @MaxEhrenfreund
The wait has been a long one. (Scott Olson/Getty Images)
President Obama is  planning to  unveil at 8 p.m. Thursday a major executive action on immigration policy, offering temporary legal status to millions of illegal immigrants, along with an indefinite reprieve from deportation. Obama administration officials previewed the details earlier today. (Wonkblog's full guide here.)
Who does the order help?
There are two groups of people who will be able to request a deportation deferral under the executive action.
Undocumented immigrants who have been in the country for at least five years will be able to stay if they have a child who is a U.S. citizen or legal permanent resident. This group of parents numbers 3.7 million, according to data from the Migration Policy Institute . If you’re in this group, you’ll have to show pass a background check, pay a fee, and prove that your child was born before today, Thursday. The federal government will also want to make sure you aren’t a serious criminal or a terrorist and that you haven’t crossed the border recently.
The other group is those who were brought to the United States by their parents as children and are now here illegally. Obama already exempted about 1.2 million of these “dreamers,” as they are known, in an initial action two years ago. This action expands that group to include children who were brought into the country in 2009 or earlier, no matter how old they are. Before, you couldn’t be older than 30 to qualify. The expansion adds another 300,000 undocumented immigrants who can seek a reprieve from deportation.
Members of both groups will have to apply again after three years, and can also apply for a work permit.
The action also aims to make life easier for people who are waiting to become legal permanent residents. For example, it will be easier for them to travel abroad, and there might be more options for paying naturalization fees that they can’t afford. If they are married to someone with an H-1B visa, it will be easier to get permission to work and to change jobs.
Who gets left out?
Most undocumented immigrants do not have children, and the action does not include them. The action also does not include parents of “dreamers.” In all, about 6.2 million out of the 11 million or so undocumented immigrants in the United States are still potentially subject to deportation.
What does it do for engineers and other high-skill immigrants Silicon Valley wants?
The technology sector is one of the more powerful lobbies that has been advocating for a more immigration system, but they won’t be too excited about this action. Obama is expanding a program for foreign students in STEM programs here, and there will also be more options for foreign entrepreneurs who want to start a business if they can get the money to do it. Silicon Valley, though, wants the H-1B program expanded.
What is Obama doing to better enforce the law?
There is a section about shifting resources and setting priorities for enforcement at the Mexican border. It’s hard to be certain how significant these changes will be, especially since the movement of migrants northward into the country seems to have stalled already. More people are moving out of the country across the border than are moving in, according to the Pew Research Center .
Another change is the end of Secure Communities, a program under which local police cooperated with federal authorities to identify undocumented immigrants. Police often felt that enforcing immigration laws not only was a waste of their time and money, and that doing so damaged their reputation in the communities they were working to police, making it harder to find criminals. Many cities were refusing to participate in the program already.
At the same time, the administration is making an effort to move people through the immigration courts more quickly. Long delays in these courts have kept hundreds of thousands of undocumented immigrants in limbo for years. The average case took 578 days to close, as of this summer.
The administration is going to prioritize the cases of immigrants who are serious criminals or who have recently crossed the border first, while closing cases for others.
Max Ehrenfreund is a blogger on the Financial desk and writes for Know More and Wonkblog.

What presidential leadership scholars think of Obamas immigration moveBy Jena McGregor November 20 Follow @jenamcgregor
(AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
One of the chief criticisms President Obama has faced during his six years in office has been that his leadership isn't strong. Much of the criticism has been politically motivated, coming from opponents who suggest he is  weak and lacks resolve . And some of it comes from insiders, who have said he lacks fire or the " passion of a leader ."
And yet here is Obama, about to forcefully and assertively use his executive powers to announce what's been called the most significant presidential intervention on immigration in nearly 30 years. On Thursday evening, Obama plans to lay out his rationale for changing border-control laws without Congress. The order will almost certainly spark a contentious and divisive fight in Washington, and, some say, could prompt Republicans to threaten a shutdown.
But what will it do to change Obama's image as a leader? Presidential leadership scholars are mixed in their answers. That's both because the nation is so politically divided, and because immigration continues to be an issue where there isn't much consensus or, at least for some in Congress, much urgency. As George C. Edwards III , a professor at Texas A&M University who has written extensively about presidential leadership, said in an interview, "You can’t win in polarized times. Bolder action is just grist for the mill."
While Obama's task in his prime-time speech Thursday night will be to persuade the public to change its mind, that's one of the hardest things for presidents to do. It's not just Obama who has struggled with motivating the public, Edwards said — even great communicators like Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton had a hard time with it. "Presidents don't move public opinion," according to Edwards. "That just isn't what happens."
Right now, public opinion on this issue is decidedly divided : A majority of Americans now support a path to citizenship, but far fewer support legal status for illegal immigrants. Meanwhile, the public is also  split on the idea of Obama using an executive order to make it happen, with 48 percent disapproving and 38 percent supporting.
Another presidential leadership scholar, however, thinks that Obama's actions could lead to an initial edge. Stephen Wayne , a professor at Georgetown University, wrote in an e-mail that "we have a public division on immigration, but not an overwhelming consensus — hence the need of the president to inform, educate, and persuade the public of the merits of his actions." While the Republican Congress will eventually deal with the political ramifications and the courts will examine the legal questions, he wrote, "right now the battle is in the public arena. By taking the initiative and acting decisively, the president has an initial advantage in framing the debate and in providing benefits that will be difficult to take away."
Whether that will ultimately influence his image as a leader is hard to say, in part because it reveals the complexity of what presidential leadership really is. While Americans often say they want to see strength and assertiveness in their leaders, that's not always what makes for the most effective president. "The way we judge leadership is all too often 'plunge ahead, do something dramatic,'" said Joseph Nye , former dean of Harvard's Kennedy School of Government and the author of Presidential Leadership and the Creation of the American Era . "But sometimes self-restraint is leadership."
While Nye said he substantively supports the ideas in the executive action, he does worry somewhat about Obama's means to that end. "The question, I think, that a leader has to ask is: Imagine if the other party did what you’re doing, would you see it as positive or negative?"
For at least one presidential scholar, Edwards, the executive action seems like a move that will benefit Obama's leadership legacy in the long run. "My guess is that, as long as the courts don't void this , in the long term history will view this positively."
Read also:

Obamas immigration order gives tech community some  but not all  of what it wantsPresident Obama speaks in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Nov. 8. (Susan Walsh/AP)
This post has been updated.
The high-tech industry will have at least two things to be happy about in President Obama's speech outlining executive actions he'll take on immigration. The president plans to grant the tech industry some, but not nearly all, of what it has been after in the immigration debate.
The first is aimed at increasing the opportunity for foreign students and recent graduates from U.S. schools to work in high-tech jobs in the United States. And the second is aimed at making it easier for foreign-born entrepreneurs to set up shop in the United States.
According to the White House, Obama will direct the Department of Homeland Security to help students in the so-called STEM fields -- science, technology, engineering and mathematics -- by proposing, per a White House fact sheet released Thursday night, to "expand and extend"  the controversial Optional Practical Training program that now allows foreign-born STEM students and recent graduates remain in the United States for up to 29 months. The exact details of that expansion will be worked out by the Department of Homeland Security as it goes through a rulemaking process.
The OPT program has been criticized for a lack of oversight on the part of participating colleges. According to the fact sheet, the expansion will "require stronger ties between OPT students and their colleges and universities following graduation."
Obama will also direct DHS to make it easier for entrepreneurs to get approval to work in the United States, according to the White House. "DHS will expand immigration options for foreign entrepreneurs who meet certain criteria for creating jobs, attracting investment, and generating revenue in the U.S., to ensure that our system encourages them to grow our economy," the fact sheet said. The mechanism is not yet clear, but likely involves what is known as the O-1 visa program .
In addition, DHS will "clarify its guidance on temporary L-1 visas for foreign workers who transfer from a company’s foreign office to its U.S. office." That program is used to bring to the United States workers who have gained experience working for U.S. companies in their overseas operations.
The rule changes would make it easier for those from abroad to get a toehold in the U.S. tech industry. And it gives the industry a pair of significant wins as it tries to change U.S. immigration policy.
But Obama will not address one of the tech industry's top policy priorities: increasing the number of H1-B visas available for high-skilled workers. Employers must apply for those visas, which allow foreign-born workers to stay in the country for up to six years. But the program is capped at 65,000 workers , which the tech industry would like to see raised. The cap is set by Congress.
Have more to say on this topic? Join us today for our weekly live chat, Switchback. We'll kick things off at 11 a.m. Eastern time. You can submit your questions now,  right here .
Nancy Scola is a reporter who covers the intersections of technology and public policy, politics, and governance.

Thats no loser beard  Rep. Steve Southerland saysBy Emily Heil November 20 Follow @emilyaheil
Rep. Steve Southerland shows off his newly scruffy chin — perfect for duck hunting. (Photo courtesy Steve Southerland.)
For losers of tough political contests, the aftermath of a ballot-box drubbing usually involves soul-searching. Maybe a bit of finger pointing. Sometimes, there’s even some facial-hair-growing.
Post-election beards are a recurring trend: political losers from Al Gore to Bill Richardson to John Sununu have sported them. It seemed we could add Rep. Steve Southerland to the razor-eschewing list — the Florida Republican showed up on Capitol Hill this week following his loss to Democrat Gwen Graham sporting a definite growth around the chin.
Southerland, about whom Politico wrote a piece headlined “How to blow an easy GOP win,” might have more more wounds to lick than most. But a spokesman insists that his boss’s new look isn’t about politics, but rather an annual tradition and a favorite sport.
“As any self-respecting North Florida outdoorsman would know, this isn’t a beard for mourning, it’s a beard for hunting,” Southerland aide Jimmy Milstead tells us. The growth is “done as an annual tradition to keep warm from colder winds while hunting in a tree stand or sitting in a duck blind.”
Which he’ll have just a bit more time to do.
 

FDA approves new abuse-deterrent painkillerBy Brady Dennis November 20 Follow @brady_dennis
Mass. Gov. Deval Patrick tried to ban the controversial painkiller Zohydro in his state earlier this year. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)
The Food and Drug Administration, which last year faced widespread criticism when it approved a powerful painkiller that critics said would be easy to misuse, on Thursday approved a new form of the drug that will be hard to crush, break or dissolve -- common tactics for people trying to ingest large amounts quickly by snorting or injecting the drug.
Hysingla ER, like its controversial predecessor Zohydro ER, is composed of a dose of pure hydrocodone, the main ingredient in the painkiller Vicodin. The FDA noted Thursday that its deterrence features are "expected to reduce, but not totally prevent" abuse of the drug.
"Currently available abuse-deterrent technologies are important and offer a step in the right direction, but the science in this area is still evolving," Janet Woodcock, director of the FDA's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, wrote in a post on the agency's website. "Prescription opioids with abuse-deterrent properties will not completely fix the prescription opioid abuse problem, but they can be part of a comprehensive approach to combat the epidemic."
Along with medications such as oxycodone and morphine, Hysingla is part of a group of drugs known as opioids, which are effective at relieving serious pain but also have played a central role in the nation's epidemic of deaths linked to painkiller addiction. Roughly 15,000 people die each year from overdoses involving prescription painkillers, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
(AP/Purdue Pharma)
Hysingla, an extended-release drug produced by industry giant Purdue Pharma, is the first abuse-deterrent alternative to Zohydro ER, which is made by California drug maker Zogenix.  The FDA approved Zohydro last fall against the recommendation of its own advisory committee, and in the face of opposition from lawmakers, addiction experts and law enforcement officials around the country.
Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick tried to ban Zohydro when it hit the market in March, declaring a public health emergency and saying the drug could deepen the state's prescription abuse epidemic. But a judge ruled that the state could not overrule the judgment of the FDA, and effectively revoked the ban.
Hysingla ER's pure hydrocodone formulation, like Zohydro's, is intended to allow for the long-term treatment of chronic pain without posing the risk of liver damage that comes with additional ingredients such as acetaminophen. In a statement Thursday, Purdue said the new drug will be an important tool in dealing with the chronic pain suffered by millions of Americans.
“These innovations are an important step forward in helping meet patients’ needs while also working to deter misuse and abuse," said Mark Timney, chief executive of the company, which also makes an abuse-deterrent form of the opioid OxyContin. 
Not everyone was so upbeat.
"I'm very disturbed," said Andrew Kolodny, an addiction doctor and president of Physicians for Responsible Opioid Prescribing. "I’m concerned about the product. I believe it may be more dangerous than Zohydro."
Kolodny said that because Hysingla is intended to work over 24 hours, it comes in doses as high as 120 milligrams. Zohydro, which is intended to be taken every 12 hours, has a maximum dose of 50 mg. Because the abuse deterrence technologies aren't infallible, he said, that means Hysingla could actually pose the bigger risk. The FDA said the range of tablet strengths for Hysingla is "comparable to existing approved [extended-release] products."
Kolodny also criticized the agency for not holding an advisory committee meeting before approving the new drug, especially given the intense public interest in the issue. He said he fears that yet another opioid on the market will lead to another push by the industry to market the drug and push doctors to write more prescriptions.
"That’s not what we need in the midst of an epidemic caused by over-prescribing of painkillers," he said. "If the prescribing continues to go up, so will the overdoses, death and addiction."
Brady Dennis is a national reporter for The Washington Post, focusing on food and drug issues.

Fixed mortgage rates fall for the second week in a row(Pablo Martinez Monsivais/Associated Press)
Fixed mortgage rates eased again this week, according to the latest data released Thursday by Freddie Mac.
The 30-year fixed-rate average dropped to 3.99 percent with an average 0.5 point, falling below 4 percent for the first time in three weeks. It was 4.01 percent a week ago and 4.22 percent a year ago.
The 15-year fixed-rate average slid to 3.17 percent with an average 0.5 point. It was 3.2 percent a week ago and 3.27 percent a year ago.
Hybrid adjustable rate mortgages were mixed. The five-year ARM average edged down to 3.01 percent with an average 0.5 point. It was 3.02 percent a week ago and 2.95 percent a year ago.
The one-year ARM average climbed to 2.44 percent with an average 0.4 point. It was 2.43 percent a week ago.
“Fixed mortgage rates were slightly down as housing starts declined 2.8 percent in October below the upwardly revised September rate,” Frank E. Nothaft, Freddie Mac vice president and chief economist, said in a statement.
“However, building permits increased 4.8 percent in October after a 2.8 percent boost a month earlier. Lastly, industrial production slipped by 0.1 percent in October, below the market consensus forecast.”
People looking to buy rather than refinance caused mortgage applications to surge this past week, according to the latest data from the Mortgage Bankers Association.
The market composite index, a measure of total loan application volume, increased 4.9 percent. Although the refinance index inched up only 1 percent, the purchase index jumped 12 percent to its highest level since July. It is worth noting that the overall volume of applications remains well below last year’s levels. Still, it is significant that purchase rather than refinance applications are driving the increase. Mortgage applications are an early indicator of future home sales.
The refinance share of mortgage activity accounted for 61 percent of all applications.
 
Kathy Orton is a reporter and Web editor for the Real Estate section. She covers the Washington metropolitan area housing market.

Graco recalls strollers after fingertip amputationsGraco recalls nearly 5 million strollers after fingertip amputations
Graco Recalls 5 Million Strollers Over Finger Amputations
Graco has issued a voluntary recall for 11 models of strollers after reports of finger injuries in children, including six reports of finger amputations.
Graco has issued a voluntary recall for 11 models of strollers after reports of finger injuries in children, including six reports of finger amputations.
Graco recalls 11 models of strollers sold in last 14 years due to fingertip amputation risk
Some Graco strollers with folding hinges recalled on finger injury risk
Graco recalled nearly 5 million strollers Thursday after 11 reports of finger injuries, including six fingertip amputations.
The company recalled 11 models of Graco and Century branded strollers and travel systems with model names Aspen, Breeze, Capri, Cirrus, Glider, Kite, LiteRider, Sierra, Solara, Sterling and TravelMate. The strollers were made from August 2000 to Sept. 25, 2014.
Graco stroller recall
A view of the folding lock on the nearly 5 million recalled Graco strollers.
A view of the folding lock on the nearly 5 million recalled Graco strollers. (Picasa/CPSC)
The strollers have a sliding fold-lock hinge on each side and a fold-release mechanism on the handle. The folding hinge on the sides of the stroller could pinch a child's finger, posing a laceration or amputation hazard, the company said.
Graco has received 11 reports of injuries, including six reported fingertip amputations, four reported partial fingertip amputations and one finger laceration, according to information posted on the Consumer Products Safety Commission website.
cComments
@TrollPatrol Did you ever think that the children who are in strollers aren't capable of folding the strollers themselves? That the parents who are folding these strollers should be old enough to understand that their infants' and toddlers' fingers shouldn't go there?...
Evan Montgomery
3
Graco said it notified the commission as soon as it was aware that the strollers posed a potential risk. "While these injuries are unfortunate, the injury rate is 2.3 injuries per million strollers sold," the company said in a statement. Graco said nearly 85 percent of the strollers being recalled were sold more than seven years ago.
The recall includes about 4.7 million strollers in the United States, about 202,000 in Canada and about 10,300 in Mexico.
The strollers were made in China and were sold at retailers including Target, Toys R Us, Wal-Mart and Amazon.com. They ranged in price from about $40 to $70 for a stroller, and from about $140 to $170 for a travel system.
Graco is offering free repair kits, to be available in December. Until a repair kit is received, people are being told to use extreme care when unfolding the stroller, making sure the hinges are firmly locked before a child is placed into the stroller. The company also advised people to take a child out of a stroller that begins to fold to keep their fingers from the side hinge area.
Customers looking for more information can call Graco at 800-345-4109 from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. CST, Monday through Friday, or go to gracobaby.com.

Volaris launches new flights from O HareVolaris launches new flights from O'Hare
O'Hare International Airport
Air Transportation Rosemarie S. Andolino
Volaris is the only international carrier that services O'Hare and Midway.
Volaris Airlines, which already operates from Chicago's Midway Airport, this week launched new service from O'Hare International Airport.
Flights to Guadalajara, Mexico, are on Wednesdays and Saturdays out of Terminal 5.
Volaris already has daily nonstop service to Guadalajara from Midway, making Volaris the only international carrier to operate from both of Chicago's airports, according to the Chicago Department of Aviation.

Takata  auto execs face U.S. Senate over deadly air bag scandalClassified Autos
Takata, auto execs face U.S. Senate over deadly air bag scandal
Takata airbag official Shimizu officials testifies on defective airbags at Senate Commerce Science and Transportation Committee hearing in Washington
GARY CAMERON, Reuters Photo
In first intensive public airing of exploding air bag problem, Takata and auto execs face U.S. Senate
Air bag manufacturer under scrutiny to determine if a widespread nationwide recall is needed.
Executives from Japan's Takata Corp and two automakers faced tough scrutiny from U.S. senators on Thursday over the risk of millions of potentially defective air bags that can rupture upon deployment, shooting metal shards into cars.
The head of the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration is also scheduled to testify about criticism his agency has been slow to respond to the scandal, which has been linked to at least five deaths so far.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration now says owners of 7.8 million vehicles fitted with airbags manufactured by Japan's Takata Corp. are in danger, and should have those vehicles seen by their dealers immediately. ( Charles Fleming )
The hearing by the U.S. Senate Commerce Committee marks the first intensive public airing of the exploding air bag problem, and the second major auto safety scandal to grab headlines this year. General Motors Co has been embroiled in its own controversy over millions of recalled vehicles with potentially deadly ignition switches.
"I find it troubling, but more importantly I am sad that I am not surprised, that we find ourselves examining another example of manufacturers' failure to fulfill safety obligations that could have saved lives," said Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill.
8
Automakers, regulators and Takata - which supplies one in five air bags globally - have yet to pinpoint why these air bags are at risk. One theory is that moisture in humid climates can make the air bag inflator's chemical mix more volatile, even years after installation.
Since 2008, around 16 million cars with Takata air bags have been recalled worldwide, with more than 10 million of those in the United States.
Hiroshi Shimizu, senior vice president for global quality assurance at Takata, said the company believes that the "root causes" of the air bag inflator ruptures are a combination of three factors: the age of the inflator, persistent exposure to high humidity, and problems in production.
The recalls so far have been focused on humid areas. That approach was questioned at a news conference before the hearing on Thursday, when two U.S. senators linked the air bag defect to a 2003 death in Arizona.
Charlene Weaver died in 2003 in a Takata air bag-related accident in her 2004 Subaru Impeza in Arizona, her sister, Kim Kopf, said. Her car was not recalled until July of this year.
0
The death is potentially the sixth fatality linked to Takata air bags and the first reported outside of Honda vehicles.
A Subaru spokesman said the company, a unit of Fuji Heavy Industries, was not aware of one of its models being involved in a fatal accident in Arizona.
'Putting lives at risk'
Federal regulators at NHTSA on Tuesday suggested that Takata and five automakers expand their regional recalls of driver-side air bags to cover the entire United States, as senators have urged. But an official acknowledged on Thursday that such a move carries risks.
"At this point, a national recall of all Takata air bags would divert replacement air bags from areas where they are clearly needed, putting lives at risk," said NHTSA Deputy Administrator David Friedman in prepared testimony.
Takata and automakers say it will take time to work out how many more vehicles will need fixing - but it could be in the millions, and it is not clear how soon enough replacement bags will be available. Honda, Takata's biggest customer, accounts for 2.8 million cars in the regional recalls covering driver-side air bags to date, across 11 states.
Friedman as well as officials from Takata, Honda Motor Co Ltd and Chrysler testified on Thursday.
Key questions are whether Takata knew of and hid the air bag defects before alerting automakers and regulators; what it has been doing to get to the bottom of the problems; and whether a full nationwide recall is needed.
Takata's Shimizu, and Rick Schostek, North American executive vice president for Honda, both offered apologies and condolences to the victims of faulty air bag inflators, and their families.

Police begin questioning of godman RampalNEW DELHI, November 21, 2014
Updated: November 21, 2014 11:53 IST
Police begin questioning of godman Rampal
AP
Tweet
The Hindu
Sant Rampal in prisoner's cell at Sector 5 police station before he was taken by police to produce before Punjab & Haryana High Court in Chandigarh on November 20, 2014. Photo: Akhilesh Kumar
The Hindu
In this November 20, 2014 photo, police escort self-styled godman Sant Rampal to produce before the Punjab and Haryana High Court in Chandigarh. Photo: Akhilesh Kumar
The Hindu
Sant Rampal in prisoner's cell at Sector 5 police station before he was taken by police to produce before Punjab & Haryana High Court in Chandigarh on November 20, 2014. Photo: Akhilesh Kumar
TOPICS
investigation
Police have filed criminal charges against him and his supporters over the standoff that left six people dead.
Police on Friday started questioning self-styled godman Sant Rampal after he was arrested at his ashram with more than 400 followers following a 10-day deadly standoff.
Rampal was sent to a five-day police custody on Thursday.
Police have filed criminal charges against him and his supporters over the stand-off that left six people dead and about 200 others injured.
Rampal and 38 others have been charged with murder and other offences after a clash between his supporters and another group killed one person in July 2006. He was freed on bail, which was cancelled after his followers entered a courtroom and threatened lawyers in July.
Since 2010, Rampal, a former engineer, has ignored 43 court summonses, seeking exemptions each time. The court set a final deadline for him to appear in court on Monday, which he ignored.
Sant Rampal in prisoner's cell at Sector 5 police station before he was taken by police to produce before Punjab &amp; Haryana High Court in Chandigarh on November 20, 2014. Photo: Akhilesh Kumar
(Sant Rampal in prisoner's cell at Sector 5 police station before he was taken by police to produce before Punjab & Haryana High Court in Chandigarh on November 20, 2014. Photo: Akhilesh Kumar)

Todays highs will be in the 30s  but it might feel like its in the teensBy A. Camden Walker November 21
TODAY’S DAILY DIGIT
A somewhat subjective rating of the day’s weather, on a scale of 1 to 10.
3/10: Wind and cold overwhelm the sun. 30s feel more like teens and 20s. Biting, burning, arctic air is back!
EXPRESS FORECAST
Today: Sunny but windy. Highs: 33-38. | Tonight: Mainly clear, slackening breeze. Lows: Mid-teens to mid-20s. | Tomorrow: More sun than clouds. Highs: Upper 40s to mid-50s. | Sunday: Increasing clouds. P.m. showers? Highs: Mid-50s to low 60s.
FORECAST IN DETAIL
Arctic air has charged back in but should loosen its grip as the weekend progresses. Recall that “burning” cold feeling from Tuesday? It’s coming back. After our brief mild day yesterday, we hopefully have not completely de-acclimated to this January air mass. Dress like you did before yesterday! Runners and bikers also be sure to cover all of your exposed skin.
Today (Friday): Windy, brisk, and blustery are the main keywords of the day. Wind chills in the upper teens and 20s. Long underwear is recommended, or at least several layers. One last piece of arctic air has decided to grace us with its presence. At least it is sunny, but I’m not sure if that will be much consolation. High temperatures in the 33-38 range are probable. Dry, cold winds from the northwest blow at 10-20 mph, gusting higher at times. Confidence : High
Tonight: Skies are clear and we’ll feel calming northwesterly breezes. That means what? Temperatures are able to dive quickly and effectively. I like how teammate David Streit says that it might be “hard to tell if the stars are twinkling or it is just your shivering.” Low temperatures bottom out in the mid-teens in the typical cold spots to perhaps mid-20s downtown. Confidence: High
For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock . Keep reading for the forecast through the weekend…
Tomorrow (Saturday): Relief is here, some relief at least. We see a good amount of sunshine, even through a few clouds every now and then. In the middle of the country we have a tongue of moisture heading northward, and we’ll just see some high clouds in these parts. Our rain chances remain zero, as it appears now. Hopefully this is our last day (for a while) of static shock and scarves, as high temperatures reach the upper 40s to mid-50s. Why has our fate changed? Southerly breezes around 5 mph are pumping in slightly milder and moister air. Confidence: Medium-High
Tomorrow night: Clouds are slowly on the increase, but we shouldn’t see clouds completely block the stars. With just a bit of this insulating blanket of clouds, though, our temperatures won’t fall quite has hard and as fast as Friday night. This helps cushion the temperature drop with most areas only reaching the near 30 to mid-30s zone. It still may be a night for that heavy coat, so keep it handy even if not as seemingly brutal as we’ve seen lately. Confidence: Medium-High
Sunday: Clouds may continue to increase, yet we shouldn’t be completely overcast (stay tuned). By later afternoon, showers creep closer and closer from the west and southwest. So if you plan to be out for the entire afternoon, think about grabbing that small umbrella, as rain chances could increase from 30% around noon to perhaps 60% by sunset. High temperatures still should manage to get into the mid-50s to low 60s south of town. If our southerly wind around 10 mph ends up a bit stronger, we could add several degrees onto these projections. Confidence: Medium
Frost on the window in Kensington, Md this week. (Kathy Swendiman via Flickr )
A LOOK AHEAD
Sunday night: Skies turn overcast and rain becomes more likely. And also we think more steady for at least a chunk of the night. Right now it seems the best potential may be late evening into early overnight, then tapering again by sunrise. Overnight odds rise to about 75%. We do have a slight November rain deficit, so this rain is hard to complain about, right? Many of us could see a third of an inch to perhaps just over a half of an inch. Temperatures barely budge — hovering in the low-to-mid 50s. Confidence: Medium
Monday’s showers turn a bit more periodic and scattered. We have about a 35% chance of getting wet, overall. We may even see some breaks in the clouds, so put down those vitamin D3 bottles and step outside if we get some rays of sunshine. Want more motivation to brave any drops intermixed with breaks in the clouds? High temperatures could SURGE toward the 70 degree mark. For now, let’s call it upper 60s to low 70s. Subject to revision (higher?). Confidence: Medium
Are you ready for the next cold front on Tuesday? High temperatures should still manage to tease you outside, briefly, as they top out in the upper 50s to low 60s; yet these could be morning high temperatures. Sun may come out behind the front as well, further confusing us! We’ll update you as we get closer on how to dress for Tuesday–you may have to lug the heavy coat and sweater to work for the evening commute home. It could get a bit colder and blustery by sunset. Check back for updates! Confidence: Low

Morning Plum: Bringing perspective to Obamas move on deportationsBy Greg Sargent November 21 Follow @theplumlinegs
In a prime-time address on Thursday President Obama announced his plan to use his executive authority on immigration policy, protecting millions of illegal immigrants from deportation. (AP)
Now that President Obama has announced his executive action to temporarily shield millions from deportation, confirming the administration’s view that this move is well within his authority, the battle now shifts to a political fight over the policy itself, and over whether it violates “political norms.” Is this action so provocative an affront to Congress that it sets a precedent for future GOP presidents to use discretion to selectively enforce laws liberals like?
Embedded in the legal opinion that the Office of Legal Counsel released to justify the move is an important nugget that should, in theory, help take the steam out of the idea that this move is a flagrant violation of political norms.
Obama’s action temporarily shields from deportation the parents of children who are U.S. citizens and legal residents, and also expands the program (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) to protect people brought here illegally as children. But it excludes parents of DACA recipients.
The reason for this offered by the OLC memo is that protecting parents of legal residents is in line with Congressional intent, as expressed in statute, while protecting DACA parents isn’t:
[T]he parents of DACA recipients are differently situated from the parents of U.S. citizens and LPRs [Legal Permanent Residents] under the family-related provisions of the immigration law. Many provisions of the INA [Immigration and Nationality Act] reflect Congress’ general concern about separating individuals who are legally entitled to live in the United States and their immediate family members….But the immigration laws do not express comparable concern for uniting persons who lack lawful status (or prospective lawful status in the United States with their families…Extending deferred action to the parents of DACA recipients would therefore expand family-based immigration relief in a manner that deviates in important respects from the immigration system Congress has enacted.
This legal opinion probably precludes any future expansion of this program to cover parents of DACA recipients. And it underscores two things: First, that the proposal is heavily focused on providing relief from humanitarian hardship endured by U.S. citizens and permanent residents, a longtime intention of Congress, as expressed in statute. Second, it shows that the proposal’s legal rationale is tightly circumscribed to reflect that Congressional intent.
Some continue to worry this move will damage relations between the parties and set a precedent for future GOP presidents to expand their authority to selectively target liberal priorities enshrined in law. Brian Beutler shows clearly that these concerns are overblown : GOP presidents already have done this, and allowing this concern to dominate the debate subjects any executive action to the “can the conservative movement whip up a sh*tstorm” test.
What’s more, it’s worth bringing serious skepticism to bear on the idea that this move tramples on Congress in some irrevocably damaging way. Just because Republicans say this will or should cause a “crisis” doesn’t make it true, and just because they are determined to turn it into one doesn’t mean that this outcome is inevitable or that commentators should reflexively slip into doomsday rhetoric that, wittingly or not, plays along with those efforts.
Sure, the proposal certainly takes us on to new and unprecedented territory, and there are legitimate concerns about the implications of this. But some perspective is called for, too. The proposal expands that authority on the basis that the executive has broad discretion to prioritize the limited resources Congress has appropriated for enforcement, and under the plan, the same resources will be deployed towards enforcement as before. And arguably, it was drawn tightly to help move us towards a longtime objective of Congress, one  also in keeping with the goal of similar actions by GOP presidents : Making the immigration enforcement system more humane for Americans, legal U.S. residents with ties to this country, and their families.
**********************************************************
* LEGAL SCHOLARS BACK UP OBAMA: A group of leading legal scholars has written a letter declaring Obama’s action is well within his legal authority to exercise broad discretion over how to employ the nation’s enforcement machinery . This is key:
There are, of course, limits on the prosecutorial discretion that may be exercised by the executive branch. We would not endorse an executive action that constituted an abdication of the President’s responsibility to enforce the law or that was inconsistent with the purpose underlying a statutory scheme. But these limits on the lawful exercise of prosecutorial discretion are not breached here.
In other words, there is a distinction between a reasonable exercise of prosecutorial discretion and outright non-enforcement of the law, and while opponents are working hard to obscure this distinction, this action falls on the right side of that line.
* MICHELE BACHMANN, STEVE KING RAISE PROFILES: Robert Costa reports GOP leaders worry the conservative rage Obama’s action has unleashed will seriously complicate their efforts to show the GOP can govern constructively and broaden its appeal. Exhibit A: Michele Bachmann claiming Obama’s act will bring in “millions” of “illiterate” immigrants. And:
On Friday, Bachmann and Steve King plan to travel to the U.S.-Mexico border to meet with officials to showcase their opposition to the president and cast themselves as leading Republican voices.
What could go wrong?
 * STEVE KING TO EXERT EVEN MORE INFLUENCE: The New York Times also has an overview of rising GOP worry about the tone on immigration coming from far right voices in the party , including this:
Congressional leaders were privately relieved that many Republicans had left Washington for the Thanksgiving holiday before Mr. Obama announced plans for his address, reducing the availability of anti-immigration conservatives for cable-television bookers seeking reactions. But Mr. King purposely stayed: “I decided in an instant,” he told reporters. He also is convening an “Iowa Freedom Summit” in January to feature Republican presidential aspirants, taking advantage of his leverage as a representative of the state with the first nominating contest.
On imagines the 2016 GOP presidential contenders will likely be under pressure to commit to deporting all the people Obama’s action has shielded, yanking the party further right just in time for 2016.
* WILL DEMOCRATS SUPPORT OBAMA’S MOVE? An interesting bit of reporting from David Drucker :
Despite some misgivings, Democrats are almost uniformly on board. Privately, some Democrats are concerned about the legal basis for the moves provided by the White House. At the very least, they want to know how to explain the matter to concerned constituents. But they have concluded that they don’t have much to lose because they agree with Obama on the substance and don’t believe much can be accomplished legislatively during his final two years in office with Republicans in control of the full Congress.
I think you will see some red state Democrats defect, which could create problems for the political fight to come. But if this reporting is right, perhaps their ability to make trouble will be limited.
 * DEM GROUP RUNS AD ON OBAMA’S MOVE: The Dem-allied Americans United for Change is up with a new ad on national cable that features Saint Ronald Reagan talking about his move to expand deportations , before transitioning to footage of Obama doing the same. The claim that this is rooted in precedent — as carried out by GOP presidents — will feature heavily in efforts to sell it to the American people.
* UNDOCUMENTED IMMIGRANTS EXPRESS RELIEF: Don’t miss Julia Preston’s account of undocumented immigrants watching Obama’s announcement last night with a sense of relief at no longer having to worry (temporarily, at least) about deportation . It’s easy to forget this amid all the political noise, but the whole point of this action — which Obama exercised belatedly, after years of pressure — is to make the deportation system more humane.
 * THE BOTTOM LINE: Top Latino journalist Jorge Ramos sums it up in one tweet : “Millions woke up without fear in the U.S. for the first time in their lives.”
Greg Sargent writes The Plum Line blog, a reported opinion blog with a liberal slant -- what you might call “opinionated reporting” from the left.

Questions for the lawless presidentBy Jennifer Rubin November 21 Follow @JRubinBlogger
President Obama will be interviewed on Sunday by ABC’s George Stephanopoulos on his immigration action. So many questions to ask, but here are some:
President Obama speaks during an address from the White House on Thursday. (Pool photo by Jim Bourg/Associated Press)
1. As an Associated Press “Fact Check” article pointed out, you told the American people, “All we’re saying is we’re not going to deport you.” However, your plan would “make those covered eligible for work permits, allowing them to be employed in the country legally and compete with citizens and legal residents for better-paying jobs.” Why did you not explain that to Americans?
2. You say you have discretion not to deport certain people, but where do you get the power affirmatively to award green cards to Americans in contravention of current law?
3. The Office of Legal Counsel memo you released notes that there must be an individualized determination of these cases and that you can’t say everyone who fits within broad parameters gets relief, but isn’t that exactly what you are doing?
4. Why did you not move on immigration reform in the first two years when Democrats controlled both houses of Congress?
5.  The House passed a bill on border security after the border crisis. Why doesn’t this count as congressional action, and why not ask the Senate to take it up, amend it and move the process forward?
6.  You said you were listening to the American people, but they overwhelmingly voted for Republicans and now polls say they want Congress, not you, to lead. How does this amount to listening to the American people?
7. You say other presidents have done the same thing, but isn’t your action unprecedented in size? Didn’t those presidents act under discretion afforded them by Congress, whereas you acted because Congress refused to?
8. Would you support the authority of a President Chris Christie if he decided in his discretion not to enforce Environmental Protection Agency paperwork regulations? The tax imposed by the individual mandate?
9. What is the limitation on any president to act when Congress doesn’t do what he wants?
10. How can you say you speak for the people who don’t vote if they, well, don’t vote?
11. Was the border crisis this summer more than a “temporary spike” in attempted crossings? What if the same thing occurs after your latest action?
12. You have said so many times that you didn’t have the power to act and that democracy is “hard.” What changed?
13. Republicans very supportive of immigration reform now say it is impossible to move because of your action. What do you say to some of your biggest allies in the Senate immigration fight?
14. There is a new Senate majority coming in, and the speaker has many more allies joining him. Why didn’t you give them a chance to act? How can you say you are working in good faith with them?
15. Do the separation of powers and the checks and balances in our system mean anything if you can move ahead on your own?
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Over past five games  Holtby among NHLs bestBy Alex Prewitt November 21 Follow @alex_prewitt
(AP Photo/David Zalubowski)
DENVER – Little had changed over his past five games, Braden Holtby insisted, and yet the statistics tell a different story. Since Nov. 7, when Holtby ended a miserable, confidence-threatening stretch  for his first victory in almost two weeks, only one NHL goaltender had posted a higher save percentage than Holtby’s .946.
The latest achievement came Thursday night, when Holtby turned away 27 of 29 shots, all at even strength, in a 3-2 victory over the Colorado Avalanche, his fifth straight game allowing two or fewer goals. He bailed the Capitals out several times during the first period, snuffing a backdoor attempt with a sprawling, post-to-post save, and absorbing the result a 3-on-1 rush into his chest. He made five saves over the final four minutes as the Avalanche tried to mount a comeback. He continued to provide the last line of defense Washington needed.
“I thought Holts was really good,” Coach Barry Trotz said. “He made some excellent saves in the first. He didn’t have a lot of saves, but he had some timely saves.”
Trotz compared his goalie’s performance to those of his colleague on the opposite bench, Colorado Coach Patrick Roy. The Hall-of-Famer, Trotz said, “would make timely saves, and today Holts made timely saves.”
None was bigger than when the Avalanche pulled goaltender Reto Berra, with less than three minutes left. Holtby snuffed two shots from Gabriel Landeskog, pouncing on both pucks to prevent rebounds and ensure a faceoff. With 10 seconds left, Jay Beagle won a draw and the time ran out on Colorado’s comeback attempt.
“He’s played well,” forward Alex Ovechkin said. “That’s what we need from a goalie. He gives us a chance to win the game and mentally for us it’s really important when he stays calm and makes good saves.”
Indeed, Holtby’s best moments during his five-game run have been his most serene, snatching pucks from midair or flicking his stick to drive away sliding pucks, a stark contrast from the biggest gaffe during that span, his botched pass that cost the Capitals against New Jersey. According to the website War On Ice , Holtby’s adjusted save percentage, a measurement that takes into account difficult of shots, is .943 since he allowed 12 goals over three games, also second in the league to former teammate Jaroslav Halak.
The chart below, dated from Washington’s 3-2 victory in Chicago to Thursday night, shows Holtby facing a modest number of shots per game and posting the league’s second best save percentage — both adjusted and unadjusted — in that span.
(Source: War On Ice)
The two goals Holtby allowed, both of which nullified one-score Capitals leads, came off backdoor plays. Less than three minutes into the second period, Daniel Briere dived toward the net unchecked and punched back Nathan MacKinnon’s rebound.
“The first one, I thought he was coming up, so I moved my glove a bit out of position, and went off my toe and into the front,” Holtby said. “Wasn’t able to get my glove there back in time.”
The second goal, defenseman Tyson Barrie’s equalizer, opened up only because Capitals defenseman Nate Schmidt stumbled backward during his coverage, which caught teammate Mike Green in no-man’s land and left Barrie open to receive Landeskog’s pass.
“Second one, it was a tough play for Greenie,” Holtby said. “I think he got caught in between the pass and taking his stick, and that’s a very tough play for a defenseman, so I read it as I was taking the shot and got over there a little late when I should’ve read it a little different and realized how tough a spot that was for him to be in.”
Ovechkin’s game-winner eventually provided the difference , but that came with 5 minutes, 56 seconds left in the game. The Capitals still needed to clamp down on the Avalanche. They needed to protect a third one-goal lead. They needed their goaltender, now among the hottest in the NHL.
“He’s been stepping up,” Nicklas Backstrom said. “He’s been playing great … We need that. We need everyone going and it starts from the goalie, all the way up to the forwards.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Order doesnt help pregnant undocumented womenBy Max Ehrenfreund November 21 Follow @MaxEhrenfreund
Babies born Friday will be too late; their parents will not qualify for deportations under the order. (Marc Piscotty/For The Washington Post)
President Obama has announced an executive action granting undocumented immigrants a reprieve from deportation if their children are U.S. citizens. One of the goals is to prevent families from being separated by an immigration court.
The order, however, is limited to parents whose children were already born. Undocumented mothers who give birth Friday are too late. They will still be deportable even though their children will be citizens (unless they already have a child who is also a citizen, or if they themselves were brought to the United States as children by their parents and qualify as "dreamers.")
If the administration had not set this deadline, conceivably it would have given undocumented immigrants a reason for having children in order to qualify for deportation deferrals. In any case, the deadline shows the practical human consequences of a policy that helps some illegal immigrants, but not all.
There's now a world of difference between having conceived 8 1/2 months ago as opposed to 9 1/2 months ago for undocumented parents of U.S. children born in November.
In 2010, the Pew Research Center estimated that approximately 8 percent of children born in the United States that year -- 350,000 kids -- had at least one undocumented parent. That figure suggests that several hundred babies will be born to undocumented parents on Friday.
"I think what it demonstrates is the inherent flaw in a limited and somewhat arbitrary program of administrative relief," said Kimberly Inez McGuire of the National Latina Institute for Reproductive Health.
Welcome to Wonkbook. To subscribe by e-mail, click here . Send comments, criticism or ideas to Wonkbook at Washpost dot com. Follow Wonkblog on Twitter and Facebook .
What's in Wonkbook: 1) Obama delays deportations 2) Opinions: Antitax mania, Republicans, the strong dollar 3) Ferguson decision could come Friday 4) Fed to review banking oversight 5) Aluminum allegations, an unbreakable pill and more
Number of the day: 380,000. That's the number of dental plans that were somehow lumped together with medical plans when the administration announced its total Obamacare enrollments -- enough to inflate the total above 7 million. Alex Wayne for  Bloomberg .
The error shows that there are still glitches in the administration's systems for processing enrollments. Margot Sanger-Katz in  The New York Times .
Chart of the day:
Most immigrants arriving in the United States are now Asian, rather than Latin American. Ben Casselman in Five Thirty Eight .
1. Top story: Obama issues immigration order
Who's in and who's out: 
-- Parents who have been living here for at least five years are in if their children are U.S. citizens.
-- So is a larger group of people brought here as children by their parents who are now here illegally.
-- Other provisions are intended to benefit young engineers and scientists and people who are waiting on applications for permanent legal status.  The Washington Post .
Primary sources:
-- What Obama said .
-- The official  legal memorandum justifying the decision and explaining why parents of dreamers are excluded.
Legal experts agree the president is within his authority. Scholars of all stripes, from Laurence Tribe to Eric Posner, see nothing wrong with the president's decision to use an executive order. Julie Hirschfield Davis in The New York Times .
If Obama's goal was to divide Republicans, it looks like it's working. Republicans are furious. More extreme members will now be less interested in listening to the congressional leadership's measured, responsible agenda, intended to show the party is capable of governing itself and the nation. Robert Costa in The Washington Post .
KRUGMAN: Reform the system, but don't open the borders. Many progressives don't support open borders, because they make a welfare programs more controversial politically. But giving people who are already here a chance to stay is the right thing to do.  The New York Times .
GERSON: Confronting a messy, dysfunctional legislative process, Obama just gave up. The result is that any real discussion of comprehensive immigration reform has come off the table, discrediting those conservatives who might have wanted to work with him.  The Washington Post .
KLEIN: Republicans need an immigration plan -- any plan. No one knows what Republicans want to do about the immigration issue, since they can't agree among themselves, but they need to show that they really are serious about solving the problem.  Vox .
2. Top opinions: Taxes, health care, Republicans and the strong dollar
RAMPELL: Antitax mania has led to convoluted and harmful policy. Lawmakers do everything they can to avoid presenting a policy as a tax, which often means making laws obscure. In other cases, governments rely on fines, fees and forfeitures for revenue, which can be deeply unfair and economically disastrous.  The Washington Post .
RIVLIN: Advocates of market-based health care got what they wanted. Someplans are more expensive this year, and some consumers are presented with what might a consuming array of choices. That's how markets work everywhere.  The Washington Post .
YGLESIAS: G.O.P. obstructionism has resulted in more liberal policy. Republicans in Congress could have worked with the president on health care, climate change, the budget and finally on immigration, Republicans have refused to negotiate with Obama. The predictable result is that he's turned to executive authority to pursue liberal approaches rather than implementing centrist compromises. Vox .
The dollar shouldn't be the world's reserve currency. Demand for dollars worldwide harms American investment and makes our businesses less competitive with their rivals overseas. Lewis Lehrman and John Mueller in The Wall Street Journal .
3. Ferguson decision could come Friday
Riot police are making a few arrests at demonstrations ahead of the grand jury's decision. At least two people were arrested in Ferguson, Mo. Thursday night. Daniel Wallis for Reuters .
The grand jury includes nine blacks and three whites. There are five women on the panel, and nine of the members must vote to indict. All of them will be largely prohibited from talking about the case after they finish their work. Their decision could be announced as early as Friday. Andrew Harris and Tim Bross for Bloomberg .
Officer Darren Wilson will reportedly resign after the decision is announced. He does not expect to be indicted in the fatal shooting of Michael Brown in August, but will leave his post in order to protect his fellow officers. Evan Perez and Shimon Prokupecz for CNN . 
4. Fed to review banking oversight
The central bank is asking whether the pessimists on its staff are being listened to. "The review is focused on whether senior staff are given enough information when making decisions affecting the largest financial firms, including 'whether channels exist for decision makers to be aware of divergent views.' " Ryan Tracy in The Wall Street Journal .
There will be a Senate hearing Friday. New York Fed President William Dudley will testify -- critics say the New York Fed bears particular responsibility for failing to listen to warnings from staff about instability in the financial sector before the crisis. Reuters .
5. In case you missed it
The Senate hauls in Goldman Sachs for a hearing on aluminum. Lawmakers suspect the bank, among others, have been manipulating commodities markets by shuffling metals around from warehouse to warehouse, releasing a 400-age report on the patterns earlier this week. Cheyenne Hopkins and Silla Brush for Bloomberg .
LEVINE: The aluminum conspiracy was pretty silly, but insanely complicated. It seems like no one, from regulators to Goldman traders, actually understood what was happening. In any case, the result was exorbitant charges for aluminum buyers in the Midwest.  Bloomberg .
Senators, White House spar over torture report. Democrats in the Senate say the White House is waiting until Republicans take control of Congress, when the Democratic legislators who want to see the report released will no longer be able to pester the administration. Ali Watkins, Ryan Grim, Michael McAuliff and Sabrina Saddiqui in The Huffington Post .
An unbreakable pill aims to prevent painkiller abuse. The FDA has approved a new kind of pill for a powerful hydrocodone medication that is difficult to crush or dissolve as a way of protecting addicts. But some doctors say the drug is still too dangerous. Brady Dennis in The Washington Post .
Max Ehrenfreund is a blogger on the Financial desk and writes for Know More and Wonkblog.

Wizards Nene  Kevin Seraphin and Otto Porter play FIFA on Verizon Center big screenBy Scott Allen November 21 Follow @ScottSAllen
(Via Monumental Network)
Now this is how video games were meant to be played. The Wizards’ Otto Porter, Nene and Kevin Seraphin recently kicked back and fired up FIFA 15 on the big screen at Verizon Center. Nene tweeted a photo of the scene Thursday and the Wizards shared a few other images with fans via Snapchat.
My boys & I Playing FIFA at real big screen at Verizon @kevin_seraphin Otto. Jogando FIFA no telão da nosso estádio pic.twitter.com/ANQqQLI1B4
— Nene Hilario (@NeneHilario42) November 20, 2014
It’s a tough day at the office for Otto and @NeneHilario42 playing @EASPORTSFIFA on the Verizon Center jumbotron! pic.twitter.com/XGsILckJTf — Monumental Network (@MonumentalNtwrk) November 20, 2014
The video game chill session will be featured in an upcoming episode of Monumental Network’s Wizards Magazine. While he’s not pictured in any of the photos, I half expect Marcin Gortat to show up and dominate everyone while playing as Poland .
Nene Otto playing FIFA on the big screen at the Verizon Center! follow @WashWizards on snapchat @waswizards pic.twitter.com/0kr3oDPvVL — #dcRising 7-3 (@SMalloy_LWOS) November 20, 2014
Cool #WizMag coming soon w/ @NeneHilario42 @kevin_seraphin & Otto Porter playing @EASPORTSFIFA on the big screen pic.twitter.com/7W1IPaxfhE
— Wizards Magazine (@WizardsMagazine) November 21, 2014
(Via Wizards Snapchat)
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

Who Smithsonian Magazine thinks is significantBy Eugene Volokh November 21 Follow @volokhc
How can you come up with 10 categories for the “most significant Americans of all time,” without having a category for scientists or inventors? That’s what Smithsonian Magazine did:
Steven Skiena and Charles B. Ward have come up with a novel answer [to questions about the relative importance of various historical figures]…. Skiena and Ward have developed an algorithmic method of ranking historical figures, just as Google ranks web pages. But while Google ranks web pages according to relevance to your search terms, Skiena and Ward rank people according to their historical significance, which they define as “the result of social and cultural forces acting on the mass of an individual’s achievement.” Their rankings account not only for what individuals have done, but also for how well others remember and value them for it….
[W]e asked Skiena and Ward to separate figures significant to American history from the world population. Then, rather than simply taking their top 100, we developed categories that we believe are significant, and populated our categories with people in Skiena and Ward’s order (even if they ranked below 100). This system helped mitigate the biases of Wikipedia…. [We also] made an Editors’ Choice in each category, an 11th American whose significance we’re willing to argue for.
The lists are interesting — but while there are categories for explorers, political figures, religious figures, pioneering women, criminals, artists, entertainers, athletes, and businessmen, there was nothing for scientists and inventors. Thomas Edison was the only one to make the lists, and he got in as a businessman (as did Bill Gates and Steve Jobs). Doesn’t seem quite right to me, given how much of modern life was developed by Americans, even if one focuses just on the inventions and discoveries that came from individuals or small groups and not from team projects.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Wall Street climbs at open on China rate cutWall Street drops with energy shares; global data disappoints
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Energy <.SPNY> was easily the worst-performing S&P sector, down 3.8 percent, as Brent crude  fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year. The index is down more than 10 percent for the year, making it the only one of the 10 major S&P sectors in negative territory for the year. [O/R]
But most growth-oriented sectors were down on Monday as well, suggesting investors were avoiding riskier areas of the market.
Data showed China's exports grew at a slower-than-expected pace and imports dropped 6.7 percent in November, while Japan's economy shrank more than expected in the third quarter.
In response to falling oil prices, ConocoPhillips  said its capital budget for 2015 would drop 20 percent to $13.5 billion. Conoco shares lost 3.6 percent.
"I think people are looking at the potential ripple effects from the slide in oil. You're seeing some of these ripple effects today," said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles.
Several of the year's biggest gainers also sold off, which may be due to some year-end profit-taking, James said. Among them, Apple  was down 2.4 percent, while GoPro  shares were down 5.3 percent.
Volume picked up after midday, while the S&P 500 moved more than 21 points from its high for the day to its low, its largest high-to-low swing in more than a month.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 118.34 points, or 0.66 percent, to 17,840.45, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 16.76 points, or 0.81 percent, to 2,058.61 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 47.53 points, or 0.99 percent, to 4,733.22.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,197 to 870, for a 2.53-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,942 issues fell and 772 advanced for a 2.52-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
Concerns over the global economy were offset by signs of strength in the U.S. economy, including Friday's payrolls report. The S&P 500 closed Friday's session with its 49th record of the year, and is up more than 11 percent from an October low.
McDonald's  shares lost 3.7 percent after the fast-food restaurant chain reported a steeper-than-expected fall in global same-restaurant sales in November and said fourth-quarter results would be hurt by a supplier scandal in China and a stronger dollar.
(Editing by Bernadette Baum and Meredith Mazzilli)

We have good chances of beating Australia at home  says ViratKohliPrint
Kohli said it was imperative to pick the right combination in Tests and not tinker much with the playing XI. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 21, 2014 8:12 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 9:02 pm
Set to embark for a gruelling Test tour of Australia starting December 4, star batsman Virat Kohli on Friday said that India will play aggressive and positive cricket in their four-match series and his young side can beat the Aussies in their own backyard.
“We are confident of our ability and character of players in the Test side. Everyone is keen to go out there and experience the condition in Australia and the challenge that it brings,” Kohli said at the pre-departure press conference.
“It has to be caution with aggression. First priority is to be positive and aggressive and then we dictate terms when we can. The intent has to be positive and aggressive and have that mindset. We obviously will have plan Bs and Cs to fall back on,” said the 26-year-old Kohli who will lead the side in the first Test in Brisbane.
Regular captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni has been rested for the first Test as he is recovering from a right thumb injury and he is expected to lead the side from second Test (in Adelaide from Dec 12-16) onwards. The third and fourth Tests will be played in Melbourne (Dec 26-30) and Sydney (Jan 3-7).
Kohli said it was imperative to pick the right combination in Tests and not tinker much with the playing XI.
“We have to figure out the best combination for the Test series. Test series is all about sticking to a particular combination and giving them confidence and not let them feel there are guys sitting out to replace them. We can’t go with a mindset that we will go there and see what happens,” he said.
“You have to keep thinking about winning all the time. We have good chances of beating them at home which we have done in the past. There is no reason why we can’t repeat that. All the people in the team are of aggressive nature,” he added.
The Indian team leaves for Australia during wee hours on Saturday.
The Delhi batsman said it was a blessing in disguise that the side would be playing in Australia before the World Cup as they would be used to the conditions prior to the mega event.
“The first focus is on the Test series and we will think about the World Cup after the tri-nation series. It will be a blessing before the World Cup to be playing in Australia. We are not going to be surprised by the tracks over there, which is going to be good for us,” he said.
Kohli, who will captain the Test side for the first time in Brisbane match, said personally also he would be looking forward to the tour after a decent performance in his previous visit to Australia in 2012.
“For me personally, the last tour was a milestone in my career. I was a different person and a different cricketer when I left the shore of Australia in 2012,” said Kohli, who scored 300 (with one century and one half century) runs in four matches in that tour which India lost 0-4.
“I am glad that I got the opportunity to captain the Test side, it is a dream come true for me. Hopefully we can start off on the right foot,” he said.
Asked if the cricketers were affected by the recent off-field happenings in Indian cricket, Kohli said, “Our focus has been on cricket throughout and we have not really focused on things that have been happening off the field. Anything regarding those things, the management will have a quote or an explanation.
“I would like to talk about cricket only and I can assure you the focus has been on cricket and what we want to achieve in the next six months. We have not been distracted by any off the field issues,” he said.
Team director Ravi Shastri said it was important to enjoy the Australia tour rather than be wary of the opposition.
“It is very important when you tour Australia that you enjoy the trip, and not be intimidated by Australia’s record in Australia. It demands tremendous self-belief and I believe this team has it,” he said.
“We have got an exciting bunch of young players but that does not mean they should be intimidated by the opposition. If you are prepared to guts it out, then there is no reason why you can’t perform. They are good competitors but we can show them that even we are good competitors. This bunch has it,” the former India captain said.
Coach Duncan Fletcher was not present at the press conference.
Kohli said he learnt a lot from the 2012 tour of Australia as he had never experienced an aggressive and hostile reception like that from the opponents.
“The last tour to Australia, I never experienced the aggression and that kind of an atmosphere. I will try to impart that experience to other players, of what to expect and what sort of mindset to go with. Once we go with a negative mindset that will keep catching up. You have to be positive every single day. That is something we will focus on going in this tour,” said Kohli.
“The way I batted in South Africa Tests, personally they were quite memorable for me. I am hopeful that experience will count. It helps mentally as well because you have performed well in difficult conditions,” he said.
He said travelling with an 18-member squad would help the team in case someone gets injured.
“It is not about having more options because as I said, you need to back a certain XI. Where it helps is the players who are sitting out can actually prepare in those conditions and if there is injury to anyone in the playing XI and someone else has to step in, he knows the culture, he knows what we are trying to achieve, he knows what’s going on in the squad.
“So a guy flying straight to Australia may not know what the team is trying to achieve for the last 20 to 25 days, so that makes a massive difference. And as I said, one person not on the same page can be very harmful,” he said.
The stylish batsman said having bowlers who can bowl over 140kmph will help in the adverse conditions in Australia.
“Any day, it’s an advantage when you have four bowlers who can bowl 140+ because you can compete on those pitches and strategise accordingly. For a captain that is a blessing because you have two bowlers upfront, one who can swing the ball and one who is bowling 140 and then you have two more coming in who can also bowl at 140+ for those other two spells.
“So, the batsman is never sure about going after the bowlers and that’s exactly what you want – control the game as much as you want. And that will be possible with guys bowling at speed and getting bounce on those wickets, It’s a great thing for Indian cricket. It’s gonna be a massive factor in Australia,” he said.
Kohli said had the team played the three Tests against the West Indies, who abandoned the tour midway due to a payment dispute with their Board, it would have helped the side before the series in Australia.
“What you said about West Indies series, it would not have been a false preparation. We would have been able to test ourselves in a Test scenario. The conditions might differ, you might bat in a different way but to have the mental discipline of playing yourself in, leaving a certain amount of balls and building up a Test innings is something that stays with you, no matter what the conditions are. There would have been positives from the series if it would have happened,” he said.
Asked if the team’s morale would get affected before the World Cup if they don’t fare well in the Test series, Kohli said they don’t want to get into such negative thoughts.
“That’s a big if. We have not really thought about that if. We are only thinking of the positive side. When the worst case scenario comes, we will plan it then. I think everyone is good to do that. We don’t even want that thought to creep into the side right now. That’s our job, to keep the negativity away.
“No matter what the results are, even if you are not doing well, as long as you can look into the eye of the opposition and make him feel you are there. And when the opportunity comes, you are gonna strike. That’s the kind of belief is needed in the team. This sort of negativity is not welcome in the team,” he said.
With Dhoni missing the two warm up matches and the first Test, Shastri backed Kohli as captain.
“MS has hardly missed a match in the last so many years. He has played every format for the last so many years, so it’s only fair that he gives himself time to be fully fit and come back. you have to go with what you have.
“Virat is leading the side and it might be his first Test as captain but I can assure you, you will see a guy who you feel has led in 20 to 25 Test matches. We will be out there putting our best foot forward. It’s a great opportunity for youngsters where if you have self-belief and back yourself that you will do well, you come out as a different cricket altogether.”
On former pacer Glenn McGrath saying that India would suffer a whitewash against Australia, Shastri said, “Glenn McGrath is entitled to his opinion. He is not going to bowl at the Indian batsmen, let him say whatever he wants to.”
Fletcher to join Team India directly in Australia
Indian coach Duncan Fletcher, who was not present at the pre-departure press conference in Mumbai on Friday, is reported to join the Virat Kohli-led team in Australia from his native place South Africa.
Kohli and Team Director Ravi Shastri addressed the media on the eve of the departure for the four-match Test series starting December 4 in Sydney and Fletcher, who is now settled in South Africa, has been on a short leave after completion of the ODI series against Sri Lanka.
“Fletcher’s wife is unwell and he had informed the board that he will join the squad directly in Australia,” a BCCI official told PTI.

BJP saffronising J&K  Northeast  says Ghulam NabiAzadPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Chanderkote (j-k) | Posted: November 21, 2014 8:11 pm
Senior Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad today alleged that BJP was saffronising Jammu and Kashmir along with Northeast states of the country, saying the saffron party has sent hordes of RSS men to Kashmir valley and Jammu to polarise the society.
“BJP is saffronising Jammu and Kashmir and Northeast for its vote bank politics. They have sent hordes of RSS men from country to valley and to this area,” Azad told a public rally here in Ramban district of the state.
Flanked by AICC president Sonia Gandhi, Azad said “if they had sort votes it was ok–it would have been a symbol of brotherhood and unity. But they are here to destroy the fabric of brotherhood and communal harmony”.
“During the day they are seeking votes and during the night they are spreading poison to divide the people,” Azad said.
Maintaining that there was no differences between Hindus and Muslims in the region, the Congress leader said “India lives in these hills (of Chenab Valley) and … in this Chenab valley there is a beautiful thing that there was no division between Hindu and Muslims”.
He said “it was a mountain land cut off from Jammu and Kashmir as a paradise where peace and love was the foundation stone of this area,” he said.
“But today I am sorry that in democracy that every political party has right to field a candidate to win by seeking votes, for the first time I have seen in this Chenab Valley that there are dozens of helicopters flying over it.
“The Prime Minister is going to visit tomorrow -president of BJP has already visited and half-a-dozen of their ministers are ferrying here looking as it that Chenab valley is the area of some other country and they have come to invade it,” he said.

Imagine  How Much Lennon s Guitar Will Sell For
Boehner: Obama immigration moves are damaging the presidencySpeaker of the House John Boehner criticized the president's plan for immigration reform the day after he announced it, saying that President Obama is making it "virtually impossible" to work in a bipartisan fashion. (AP)
 
House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) vowed Friday to confront President Obama's unilateral executive actions to protect millions of illegal immigrants from deportation, saying the moves were "damaging the presidency" and warning that Congress will not let them stand without a fight.
"The House will, in fact, act," he said.
Boehner declined to spell out how Republicans would counter the actions, which extend protections to roughly 4 million undocumented parents of legal U.S. citizens and young immigrants brought here illegally when they were children.
"We're working with our members and looking at the options available to us, but I will say to you the House will, in fact, act," Boehner told reporters Friday morning, in the first televised Republican rebuttal to Obama's prime-time address Thursday night.
He dodged a question about the assertion by one of his own leadership team members, House Appropriations Chairman Hal Rogers (R-Ky.), that there was little Congress could do to restrict funding for the new program. Rogers and his staff said Thursday that funding for the implementation of the new policy does not come from the annual spending bills approved by Congress but instead comes from border fees, placing it outside the reach of congressional Republicans.
Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), the leading opponent of the president's action, told reporters Thursday that he would support attaching a policy rider onto the government funding bills that simply forbid the federal workforce from implementing the new rules on immigration. Sessions is leading the effort to keep government funding to a short leash into the new year, when Republicans take over the Senate and control both chambers of Congress, making it easier to get clear majorities for his preferred line of attack.
Such a move would require a 60-vote super-majority in the Senate, and it would almost certainly draw a veto from Obama, which, critics say, would lead to a possible shutdown of some federal agencies.
Boehner deflected those questions and instead blamed Obama for issuing too many executive orders to modify the controversial new health law that took effect over the last year, which left his rank-and-file Republicans unwilling to trust the president and refusing to even consider a broad rewrite of immigration laws.
"He created an environment where the members could not trust him, and trying to find a way to work together was virtually impossible, and I had warned the president over and over that his actions were making it impossible for me to do what he wanted me to do," the speaker said, explaining his inability to even consider smaller pieces of the 2013 Senate-approved legislation that revamped border and immigration laws.
"We have a broken immigration system, and the American people expect us to work together to fix it, and we ought to do it through the democratic process," he said.
Paul Kane covers Congress and politics for the Washington Post.

Led Zeppelin  Immigrant Song: The Week In One SongComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

Where to go to college to make the most money  for each majorBy Matt O'Brien November 21 Follow @ObsoleteDogma
(AP Photo/Butch Dill)
Forget the dorms, the dining halls, the parties, the picturesque quads, and, yes, even the libraries. Where should you go to college if all you care about is making the most money?
Well, that depends. None of the Ivies are actually among the top 25 schools for best-paid young grads. Instead, it's engineering schools, like Harvey Mudd, and the service academies whose students have the highest-starting salaries.
But that, of course, doesn't mean you shouldn't apply to Harvard. (Even if you could get the same education for $1.50 of late charges at the public library ). First off, peak earnings matter more than immediate ones. And second, there are big different things going on with these numbers. Engineers, you see, tend to make more money, so a school full of them will too. But that doesn't mean it's the best school for engineers. Just that it has a lot of them, and nothing else.
So what we really want to see is which schools have the highest earnings for which majors later on in life. And we can figure that out by looking at Payscale's numbers . They have self-reported earnings for grads from over 1,000 schools, which admittedly has its limitations—I doubt MIT grads are outside the top ten highest paid for computer science—but it's the best we've got. And if we break it down this way, it turns out that Harvey Mudd isn't really the best school for engineers. Rice is. You can see that in the chart below, which looks at the top ten engineering programs in the country based on their grads' mid-career earnings.
Source: Payscale
I added one last wrinkle. The dark blue bars show the schools that have top 10 programs, based on future earnings, for more than one of the most lucrative majors. After all, it's hard enough for a 22-year old to have an inkling of what they want to do with their lives, let alone an 18-year old. That why, unless you're precociously self-assured, you want to go to a school that keeps your options open — which is where the Harvard, Stanfords, and Berkeleys of the world distinguish themselves.
Here, for example, are the best-paid computer science programs. And there's Berkeley again. (These, remember, show median salaries, so the Mark Zuckerbergs and Kevin Systroms don't pull their schools' numbers up).
Source: Payscale
Or we could look at social science majors — i.e., economics — and see that, once again, Stanford alums end up making more than any others.
Source: Payscale
As for everybody who tells you that majoring in the humanities is career suicide? Well, that's certainly not true for Harvard grads, who end up earning as much as any other kind of major anywhere else. (That's what happens when History majors all end up working on Wall Street or as corporate lawyers). But, as you can see, Berkeley, Northwestern, California-Irvine, and even Cal Poly alums all do well themselves — just like in their other majors.
Source: Payscale
The lesson, then, is to beware college rankers bearing school-wide earnings numbers. If you know, really know, what you want to study, then you should apply to the schools that have the best (and best-remunerated) programs in that area. But if you don't, you're probably better off applying to, yes, a liberal arts college that offers you a lot of great classes in a lot of different subjects. And those aren't just the Ivy-plus schools. The whole University of California system is exemplary, as are other public schools like the University of Virginia, just to name a few.
So sorry Harvey Mudd, but your grads aren't really the best-off. The boring truth is it depends on what you want to study, and how much it costs to study that at a particular school. Although a nice quad never hurts.
Matt O'Brien is a reporter for Wonkblog covering economic affairs. He was previously a senior associate editor at The Atlantic.

Five Tamil Nadu fishermen set free by Sri Lanka arrive in ChennaiPrint
he fishermen — P Emerson, 40, P Agustus, 32, R Wilson, 42, K Prasad, 30, and J Langlet, 22 — were arrested on November 28, 2011 on charges of smuggling heroin from India.
By: Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: November 21, 2014 8:13 am | Updated: November 21, 2014 10:45 am
Five fishermen from Tamil Nadu, who were sentenced to death in Sri Lanka for alleged drug trafficking but set free after President Mahinda Rajapaksa pardoned them, arrived in Chennai on Friday.
The fishermen from Rameswaram, who were released by Sri Lankan authorities Thursday, arrived by an Air India flight at 1.05 am, airport officials said.
Tamil Nadu Ministers B Valarmathi, Dr S Sundararaj and K A Jayapal, Union Minister of State and senior BJP leader Pon Radhakrishnan, state BJP President Tamilisai Soundararajan were among those who received the fishermen.
The five — Emerson, P Augustus, R Wilson, K Prasath and J Langlet — are likely to call on Chief Minister O Panneerselvam on Saturday before returning to their home town.
Earlier on Thursday, families of the fishermen gathered in Tiruchirappalli airport anticipating their arrival there from Colombo, but returned to Rameswaram disappointed, as officials told them the five would be flying directly to Delhi.
The fishermen were apprehended in November 2011 and sentenced to death by the Colombo High Court on October 30 for alleged drug trafficking.
The court ruling had triggered protests in parts of the state and sparked sporadic violence in and around Rameswaram while political parties called for steps to set them free.
Tamil Nadu government also took up the issue with the Centre and even sent Rs 20 lakh for the appeal before the Sri Lankan Supreme Court, which was withdrawn later.
Rajapaksa commuted the death sentence after Prime Minister Narendra Modi had a telephonic conversation with him last week on the issue.

JPL Designs / ShutterstockEmail
Thanksgiving is a royal pain in the U.S. drain. 
Thanksgiving means turkey dinners, family gatherings and football. For household drains and aging sewers across the United States, it means a lot of grease going down the pipes - and into the sewers. 
For some harried cooks, the simplest way to get rid of fat from turkeys, bacon and roasts is down the kitchen drain. There it congeals, clogging the pipe and trapping food scraps until the only solution is to call the plumber. 
JPL Designs / Shutterstock
Thanksgiving means turkey dinners, family gatherings and football. It can also mean clogged drains.
"The day after Thanksgiving is the perfect storm for us," said Paul Abrams, a spokesman for Roto Rooter, the biggest U.S. plumbing and drain cleaning service. "We have all hands on deck." 
The number of calls to the company's 7,000 plumbers and drain experts that day jumps 50 percent over a normal Friday. Calls go up by a fifth over the four-day Thanksgiving weekend, Abrams said. 
Thanksgiving is especially stressful for household drains. 
Cooks, sometimes inexperienced, overload garbage disposals with potato peelings, pumpkin pulp and other food waste. They fail to use enough water to flush them down the pipes, then put cooking grease and oil in the mix. 
Video: InStyle magazine’s Katherine Schwarzenegger joins TODAY to tell us about some fabulous foods to make for your party, including apple-cinnamon cider and Brie baked with cranberries and pecans.
"Before you know it, they've sent a large slug of semi-solid material down, and it just stops," said Chuck White, vice president of technical services at the Plumbing Heating Cooling Contractors Association, an industry group. 
Congealed grease can harden into a consistency like candle wax or clay. Stringy pumpkin pulp takes on an epoxy-like hardness when dry. 
Household heart attack 
When houses are packed with guests, there are more showers and toilet flushes than normal. People chuck disposable wipes, cotton balls or hair down the toilet. 
"Your house kind of has a heart attack," Abrams said. "All that extra activity is enough to push it over the edge." 
Some of that household oil and fat makes its way into the 600,000 miles of aging U.S. sewers. 
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency reported in 2004 that grease is the No. 1 cause of blocked sewers, at 47 percent of stoppages. In New York, the nation's biggest city, grease causes 62 percent of blockages, according to a 2013 report by the city's environmental department. 
Blockages cause sewers to overflow. The EPA report said that there were between 23,000 and 75,000 U.S. sanitary sewer overflows a year, discharging up to 10 billion gallons (38 billion liters) of raw sewage. 
Adam Krantz, managing director for government and public affairs at the National Association of Clean Water Agencies, put the price tag for clearing blockages at hundreds of millions of dollars a year. 
Grease is "a very big issue," he said. 
The problem has worsened in the last 25 years, he said, as the U.S. population grows and sewer systems, some with pipes 100 to 200 years old, become more fragile. 
To avoid home drain problems, experts have some advice: 
Clean up oil and grease with paper towels and discard them. Or pour off the grease into a container, let it congeal, and discard the container in the trash.
Avoid putting stringy or fibrous waste down the disposal.
Do not wait until the disposal is full to turn it on. Use plenty of water, and let it run for 20 or 30 seconds until it is clear.
If there are a lot of house guests, wait 10 minutes or so between showers so slow drains can clear.
Do not flush wipes, cotton swabs or paper towels down the toilet.
Take care of plumbing problems before the holidays. 
Copyright 2014 Thomson Reuters.

Tis bonus season on Wall Street
Why the networks arent giving President Obama primetime real estate for his immigration speech— Jordan Olinger (@jordanbrooke96) November 21, 2014
Obama sucks.. I disagree with his policies and he ruined my recording of the Big Bang Theory...
— Ben Holmes (@bwholmes03) November 21, 2014
As if Obama hasn't screwed up enough, his speech jacked up my dvr of Big Bang Theory. Bad policy is one thing, but don't mess w my shows!
— Karen Cleveland (@DrKarenC) November 21, 2014
Thank you President Obama for giving a State of the Union address. Now I cant watch the Big Bang Theory
— Justin Czipo (@_samurai_jac) November 21, 2014
As these tweets show, it seems that many people wouldn't have bothered to pay attention to the speech even if the broadcast networks had decided to run it across the board ( something I've written about before ). As the White House is very aware of, Americans stopped paying attention to presidential primetime addresses long before the glut of options provided by Netflix, HBOGo and Hulu arrived on the scene. By 2006, back when cable was the only competitor that network television truly had to worry about, the viewership of presidential addresses had plummeted . (Back when TV was still shiny and new and networks ran the show, presidential press conferences could draw a majority of television owners.)
In 2014, there are hundreds of channels or online videos Americans can watch instead of the presidential addresses the network decides to run, and it's hard to even make people tune into something as high profile and much-discussed as the annual State of the Union address. In 1994, 66.9 million viewers tuned in to watch President Bill Clinton's State of the Union. This year, 33.3 million Americans watched Obama's latest State of the Union. About the same number of Americans watched the President's September speech on the Islamic State.
Not only does Obama now have to compete with the endless options Americans have to avoid him — so do the networks, which is why they have become increasingly strategic when deciding whether to cut to a White House address or not. The heyday for presidential speeches was the heyday for network programming too. Fifty million Americans used to tune in to watch a sitcom during the Nixon administration; today, even the "Big Bang Theory" only attracts about 16 million viewers. Even the broadcast network's streaming Web sites get less traffic than cable ones and Netflix.
When you're already losing revenue, giving the president the spotlight isn't always the best business decision. Or ever the best business decision.
Although the White House may grumble about this state of affairs -- eh? -- they've also proven especially gifted at figuring out how to move on from the fact they will never rule the TV screen quite like President Reagan. It's a smart thing for the White House to learn — not only are network audiences shrinking, they're limited to including people who remember how great Reagan's speeches were. In 2010, Pew Research Center found that 62 percent of Americans over the age of 55 watch the nightly news. Among Americans aged 18-49, only 37 percent do.
If you want to reach more Americans, you have to diversify your outreach portfolio. Which is exactly what the Obama administration has been doing. President Obama announced his upcoming speech on Facebook. The video has been shared more than 50,000 times.
Post by The White House .
The White House's Spanish-language Twitter feed announced the speech in Spanish and English. ...
Mañana a las 8 PM ET el Presidente Obama hablará sobre las próximas medidas para arreglar nuestro sistema migratorio https://t.co/JXgqbafWT9
— La Casa Blanca (@lacasablanca) November 19, 2014
... as did the main White House Twitter feed. ...
President Obama will address the nation tomorrow night on new steps he's taking to fix our broken immigration system: http://t.co/tsLHuHb3Ed
— The White House (@WhiteHouse) November 19, 2014
... and the Barack Obama Twitter feed.
The President will address the nation tomorrow about the steps he's taking to help fix our broken immigration system. http://t.co/NgrlmkUgAS
— Barack Obama (@BarackObama) November 19, 2014
On Thursday night, the White House Web site live-streamed the address. 
Although viewership of Obama's speeches continues to drop, the volume of tweets discussing his speeches continues to grow every year.
The 2013 State of the Union address spawned 1.35 million tweets. A year later, the speech led to 1.64 million tweets .
President Obama may not be able to win over the networks anymore, but the audience he would reach there is so diminished, it's hard to find a reason that it matters outside of Americans' undying impulse to be nostalgic about everything.
Jaime Fuller reports on national politics for "The Fix" and Post Politics. She worked previously as an associate editor at the American Prospect, a political magazine based in Washington, D.C.

Every governor of a border state tweeted about Obamas immigration action except New Mexicos Susana MartinezBy Hunter Schwarz November 21 Follow @hunterschwarz
Arizona Gov.-elect Doug Ducey in October in Mesa, Ariz. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
After President Obama gave his speech on the executive action he was taking on immigration, every governor and governor-elect of a state that borders Mexico released a public statement and tweeted their opinion, except for New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez.
Tonight, in the face of Washington gridlock, the president stepped up for hard-working families across America: http://t.co/eFDV5Mounk
— Jerry Brown (@JerryBrownGov) November 21, 2014
California Gov. Jerry Brown (D) came out in support of Obama’s action. “Tonight, in the face of Washington gridlock, the president stepped up for hard-working families across America,” Brown said in a statement . “This is the right thing to do, and it’s time for Congress to finish the job.”
Americans elected a president…they didn’t anoint an emperor. @BarackObama must be reminded he is not above the law. http://t.co/DnM0vrMvBc
— Jan Brewer (@GovBrewer) November 21, 2014
President Obama's decision on this executive action without working with Congress is the wrong approach #azgov http://t.co/8NV21xjwCf
— Doug Ducey (@dougducey) November 21, 2014
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer (R) called Obama’s actions “brazen” and “unilateral” and said they would “only further exacerbate the border problem.”
“This is not a partisan issue,” Brewer said in a statement . “When the bluest of blue state — like Oregon, for example — vote overwhelmingly to prohibit illegal aliens from obtaining drivers licenses, it speaks volumes about the widespread lack of support for President Obama’s immigration policies.”
Ariz. Gov.-elect Doug Ducey (R) said Obama should “sit down and work with both sides of the aisle on a realistic solution,” “rather than acting alone.”
. @BarackObama 's decisions will lead to more illegal #immigration , not less.
— Rick Perry (@GovernorPerry) November 21, 2014
Pres. Obama has circumvented Congress and bypassed the will of the American people. I am prepared to immediately challenge this in court.
— Greg Abbott (@GregAbbott_TX) November 21, 2014
Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R) said Obama’s action would cause “more illegal immigration, not less.”
“As we saw with the tens of thousands of unaccompanied minors who came across the border, a bad policy led to children being put at risk,” Perry  said in a statement .
Texas Gov.-elect Greg Abbott (R) tweeted that he was “prepared to immediately challenge [the executive action] in court.”
New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez (R) has not tweeted since Nov. 4, and her office did not post a statement online about Obama’s action or send one via e-mail. Her spokesman, Enrique Knell, said in a statement to the Albuquerque Journal:  “Gov. Martinez once again is disappointed in the approach President Obama has taken on immigration. Instead of working with Congress to address the issue in a comprehensive way, the president demonstrates why Washington is so dysfunctional and not serving the interests of the American people.”
Reporter for The Washington Post. Formerly of the BuzzFeed Los Angeles bureau.

In the Matter of Maetreum of Cybele  Magna Mater  Inc.From In the Matter of Maetreum of Cybele, Magna Mater, Inc. (N.Y. Nov. 18, 2014):
Petitioner, a not-for-profit religious corporation that owns real property in the Town of Catskill, commenced proceedings pursuant to CPLR article 78 and RPTL article 7 after respondent Board of Assessment and Review for the Town refused petitioner’s 2009, 2010 and 2011 applications for tax-exempt status pursuant to RPTL 420-a. Under that provision, real [*2]property owned by a corporation that is “organized and conducted exclusively” for charitable and/or religious purposes, if “used exclusively” for such purposes, “shall be exempt from taxation” (RPTL 420-a [1] [a]). We have defined the term “exclusively” as used in this context “to connote ‘principal’ or ‘primary,’ such that purposes and uses merely ‘auxiliary or incidental to the main and exempt purpose’ and use will not defeat the exemption’” (Matter of Yeshivath Shearith Hapletah v Assessor of Town of Fallsburg, 79 NY2d 244, 249 [1992], quoting Matter of Association of Bar of City of N.Y. v Lewisohn, 34 NY2d 143, 153 [1974]).
After a non-jury trial, where petitioner called four witnesses and respondents called none, the trial court dismissed the petitions on the ground that the religious and charitable uses of the subject property were incidental to petitioner’s primary, non-exempt use of providing affordable cooperative housing. The Appellate Division reversed and granted the petitions, holding that the testimony at trial by petitioner’s witnesses demonstrated that petitioner “uses the property primarily for its religious and charitable purposes” and was therefore entitled to a property tax exemption for the years in question (111 AD3d 1098, 1102 [3d Dept 2013]).
The Appellate Division properly granted the petitions. Petitioner adequately established its entitlement to the RPTL 420-a exemption, as the proof at the trial established that petitioner “exclusively” utilized the property in furtherance of its religious and charitable purposes.
The details are in the intermediate appellate decision , which the court affirmed; here’s an excerpt:
Petitioner is a not-for-profit religious corporation that owns a three-acre parcel of real property in the Town of Catskill, Greene County, which contains, among other things, a three-story, 12-bedroom main house — formerly an inn — as well as a small caretaker’s cottage, several out buildings, a recently constructed outdoor temple and “processional paths.” Petitioner is the corporate entity for the Cybeline Revival, a pagan following founded in 1999, but which has ancient origins. Petitioner’s fundamental religious principle is that the divine feminine, the mother goddess Cybele, is present in everything, thereby creating a connection in all living things, as well as giving rise to an obligation to do charitable work and a responsibility to improve the conditions of all people, particularly women.
In 2009, petitioner, which has received tax-exempt status from the Internal Revenue Service, filed an application for exemption from real property taxes under RPTL 420-a, which was denied by respondent Nancy McCoy, the Assessor of the Town of Catskill. Petitioner filed a grievance and the Board of Assessment Review for the Town of Catskill upheld the assessor’s denial of the exemption. Accordingly, petitioner commenced the first of these proceedings to annul that determination…. After a nonjury trial …, [the trial court] dismissed petitioner’s applications, reasoning that “the property primarily is used to provide affordable cooperative housing to a small number of co-religionists, with the religious and charitable uses of the property being merely incidental to that primary non-exempt use.” Petitioner appeals….
“[T]o qualify for the ‘exemption, (1) [petitioner] must be organized exclusively for [the] purposes enumerated in the statute, (2) the property in question must be used primarily for the furtherance of such purposes, … (3) no pecuniary profit, apart from reasonable compensation, may inure to the benefit of any officers, members, or employees, and (4) [petitioner] may not be simply used as a guise for profit-making operations.’”
At issue here is only the second element, whether the property is primarily used for religious or charitable purposes. With respect to that element, property uses that are “merely auxiliary or incidental to the main and exempt purpose and use will not defeat the exemption.”
Petitioner offered testimony from four women affiliated with the property, along with numerous exhibits, whereas respondents offered no witnesses and relied on cross-examination and exhibits. In 2002, Cathryn Platine, the head of the Cybeline Revival and a founder of the faith, purchased the property along with three other women with a goal of establishing affordable housing for transsexual women, and they established a not-for-profit corporation to manage the property. Three of the owners were members of the religion and began practicing it on the property, leading the other owner to sell her interest, in 2004, to another individual who was a Cybeline adherent.
At that time, the owners dedicated the property as the home of the religion, transferred title to petitioner and held a formal ceremony dedicating the property to the Mother Goddess. The religion had seven priestesses, most of whom had bedrooms in the main building of the property, as the testimony stressed that convent-style living is a component of the Cybeline Revival. Each priestess’s personal room had an altar, along with a main altar on the main floor of the building. Platine and one other priestess lived there full time, along with a novitiate (basically a priestess-in-training), a woman who was seeking asylum in this country and another guest temporarily residing there on a charitable basis. Further, the testimony established that from 2009 to 2011 between 8 to 10 other charitable guests and about four “spiritual seekers” resided temporarily on the property, with no guests being required to pay for their stay and with little actual financial support provided by guests.
With respect to petitioner’s activities on the property, Platine testified that evening praise is conducted nightly at the altar in the main house’s “sitting room,” new moon and full moon celebrations are conducted “approximately every two weeks” outdoors on the processional paths and in the outdoor temple area, and “entire weekend[s] of activities” are held to celebrate the equinoxes and solstices. The property is also used for certain rituals pertaining to marriage and death, and celebrations pertaining to physical changes in a woman’s lifetime.
Platine also testified that she provides religious instruction and spiritual counseling on the property, although Supreme Court found her estimate of 30 hours per week devoted to counseling to be incredible. Other public activities on the property include participation in an annual pagan pride festival, “The All Woman Festival,” “a weekend event where women, primarily pagans,… come … together [to] shar[e] sisterhood,” as well as a weekly open cafe, a monthly pagan brunch and a monthly, more secular, bisexual brunch. These activities take place throughout the main building and in the outdoor temple, two other outdoor areas and along the processional paths, plus some counseling and instruction take place in the caretaker’s cottage.
Considering the testimony, petitioner met its burden to demonstrate that it uses the property primarily for its religious and charitable purposes. In accord with Supreme Court’s determination, respondents contend that the property was used primarily to provide cooperative housing because, in essence, the few adherents of the Cybeline Revival have in effect just continued the property’s former residential use, as evidenced by the financial support coming from these few adherents and by the “friends of friends” guests.
However, these arguments contend that there is some threshold amount of activity and public benefit that must be demonstrated, which confuses the standard that is simply whether the property was used primarily for religious and charitable purposes. The testimony established that the Cybeline Revival stresses communal living among its adherents, as well as providing hospitality and charity to those in need, and the members consider this property the home of their faith. They also conduct religious and charitable activities throughout the property on a regular basis. Accordingly, petitioner has satisfied the legal requirements in order to receive a real property tax exemption ….
I assume that “bisexual brunch” actually means “brunch that both men and women may attend.”
My project: Have my colleague Richard Re be the subject of In re Re, without his having to be convicted or seized or anything like that.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

A new picture of Rosettas comet -- and this one comes in 3-DBy Rachel Feltman November 21 Follow @rachelfeltman
Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko. (ESA/Rosetta/Philae/ROLIS/DLR)
This newly released image of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko, taken as the Philae lander first approached it, is breathtaking even in two dimensions. But if you've got red-blue 3-D glasses on hand, you can see it in stereoscope, too .
(If for some reason you actually do have those glasses handy, this is your reminder that NASA has a bunch of 3-D videos of the International Space Station up for your viewing pleasure)
The 3-D image of the comet was made by overlaying two images taken two minutes apart -- about an hour before Philae touched down on the surface of the comet.
Philae actually sent these pictures back to the Rosetta orbiter before the probe even landed. Because the camera in ROLIS was developed 20 years ago, it doesn't have a memory card like we'd take for granted today. Instead, it has just 16 megabytes of storage. Today, you can get a 16 gigabyte flash drive -- one thousand times ROLIS's memory capacity -- for less than $10.
But even though it's long outdated, the camera has given scientists their best-ever shots of a comet's surface.  "These are the first images of a comet acquired this close and at this high resolution," ROLIS project leader Stefano Mottola from the German Aerospace Center said in a statement .
1 of 33

St. Louis psychologist offers game plan to parents on FergusonBy Emily Wax-Thibodeaux November 21 Follow @emily_wax
Charice Leonard, left, and Jonathan Struckhoff are AP Honors arts students working on a mural honoring Michael Brown and the town of Ferguson, Mo., during class at Riverview Gardens High School. (Jahi Chikwendiu/The Washington Post)
“Parents should prepare to have a discussion about what’s been happening in Ferguson and try and stay ahead of the narrative. And talk honestly about America and its struggles with race.”
That’s the advice of Marva Robinson, a licensed clinical psychologist and president of the St. Louis Association of Black Psychologists. She’s been working with families who have been affected by the months of protests and widespread anxiety after Michael Brown, an unarmed black 18-year-old was shot and killed by a white police officer this summer.
The Jennings School District, which includes the eastern edge of Ferguson, Mo.,  announced t hat school would be canceled on Monday and Tuesday in anticipation of the verdict, the St. Louis Dispatch reported Friday.
“With the heightened anxiety and activity, we thought it would be better for students and staff to extend the holiday at this point,” Superintendent Tiffany Anderson told the paper.
Since August, for more than three months, young people have “been living in the aftermath of the shooting — the civil unrest, the militarized police response that shocked the country, the delayed school opening and disrupted activities,” writes The Post’s reporter on the ground Wesley Lowery, who captured that  uncertainty so clearly by writing that worry over what’s next,”  covers the metro area like a second skin.”
High school students, are most likely living and discussing the issue every day. But younger children may find the whole thing scary and confusing.
For the little ones, sticking to their normal routine is comforting and parents should modulate their own anxieties, she said, to avoid transferring that energy onto their children.  But it’s also important for parents to start the conversation about what’s happening, she said. That way young children are not blindsided when they see a flash of police in riot gear on television or friends or teachers at school mention it.
1. Parent gets ahead of that narrative – While it’s important not to overexpose really young children to the television news, they are going to be witnessing history. Kids will think back to where they were when the verdict was announced, she said. They will talk about it with friends and at school. “So it’s important to sit down and talk about it,” Robinson says.
2. So what do you say?
“I would think its appropriate to say in America — where we live — we struggle sometimes with issues of treating all people the same way based on skin color. A young man was killed and some people are hurt and angry about that. They are protesting and trying to change it. And that’s part of how we make change in America.”
Then maybe show them children’s books about American leaders who fought for social change, like Rosa Parks, the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.,Susan B. Anthony and Helen Keller. Anyone who they may already know from school lessons, who worked to give a voice a community who felt they needed more rights in the American system.
3. Set up diverse play groups
“I always recommend diverse playgroups between families and for schools to have organize these across district line. That way we don’t dehumanize each other, and it becomes just another friend. We need to socialize children early on and show them that there are people who are different from one another.”
People stand in prayer after a protest march in Ferguson, Mo., on Aug. 20.   (Charlie Riedel/AP)
A grand jury has declined to indict police officer Darren Wilson in the shooting death of 18-year-old Michael Brown. Here is a look back at the events following the August shooting. (Gillian Brockell and Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)
 
Emily Wax-Thibodeaux is a National staff writer who covers veterans, veterans' affairs and the culture of government. She's an award-winning former foreign correspondent who covered Africa and India for nearly a decade. She also covered immigration, crime and education for the Metro staff.

Buffalo death toll rises as officials  residents clear lake-effect snowBy Sarah Larimer and Ed O'Keefe November 21 Follow @slarimer Follow @edatpost
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said the recent historic snow fall in the Buffalo area will cause flooding as the snow melts. He added that the New York Thruway will open today for essential travel and auto removal. (AP)
The death toll from a monster blizzard is still rising in western New York, where structural damage from the heavy snowis making roofs creak and officials in and around Buffalo are bracing for possible flooding, according to reports .
The most recent deaths include two people who were being transported from a nursing home, which was being evacuated , the Buffalo News reported early Friday morning. “We know that relocating people from nursing homes is a very tough thing,” deputy county executive Rich Tobe told the paper.
That means that the extreme lake-effect storm, which has dumped as much as 85 inches of snow  on the area, has claimed 13 victims so far. Most of them, the News reported, were killed by “cardiac issues when victims attempted to shovel snow or push vehicles.”
Sydney, a 6-year-old golden retriever, makes her way through five feet of snow in a Buffalo suburb. (John Normile/Getty Images)
The nursing home was evacuated out of concerns of structural damage to the building, Tobe told the Associated Press . Overnight, authorities received reports of at least 30 roof collapses.
“It’s getting heavier,” Cheektowaga resident Thomas Mudd Jr., who cleared snow from his roof with his wife, told the AP. “It’s supposed to warm up, and we’re supposed to get rain on the weekend, which will make it even heavier. So I didn’t want my roof collapsing.”
Temperatures in the area are expected to soar into the 60s by Monday, according to The Post’s Capital Weather Gang.
“The warming will bring melting. The melting will bring water. Water will bring floods,” New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) said at a news conference, according to Reuters . “We are preparing now for more flooding than we have seen in a long, long time. We’ve never had this much snow and this much melting of this much snow in a short period of time.”
Cuomo announced at the news conference that sections of the New York State Thruway will reopen Friday afternoon, mostly to allow crews to remove abandoned vehicles and snow.
Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) told The Post in an interview that “we’re waiting for the governor to request a disaster declaration . I’ve been in touch with the White House and am making sure that FEMA is on the ground because in Buffalo, they’ve had some issues in the past in making sure they get their disaster requests in fast enough.”
Schumer added that “the biggest danger is the roofs. And on Monday and Tuesday, the temperatures are going to climb into the 50s and it might rain, so there’s concern that all that snow is just going to act like a sponge and absorb more water and put more weight on the roofs.”
Thirty roofs have collapsed across the region so far, Schumer said.
Here are more pictures from New York:
Workers clear snow from the roof of Costanzo’s Bakery on Friday in Cheektowaga, N.Y. (Mike Groll/AP)
Ryan O’Shei clears snow from his driveway on Friday in Cheektowaga, N.Y. (Mike Groll/AP)
Heavy equipment moves snow at the Central Terminal in Buffalo, N.Y., on Friday. (Mike Groll/AP)
A bulldozer pushes snow that was removed from south Buffalo neighborhoods on Friday. (Mike Groll/AP)
Heavy equipment moves snow that was removed from south Buffalo neighborhoods. (Mike Groll/AP)
A snowfall that brought huge snowdrifts and closed roads around Buffalo is expected to stop on Friday. Forecasters say that rising temperatures could melt snow and cause floods next week. (AP)
[This post has been updated.]
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.
Ed O’Keefe is a congressional reporter with The Washington Post and covered the 2008 and 2012 presidential and congressional elections.

Daniel Handler does more than apologize for his watermelon jokeBy Abby Ohlheiser November 21 Follow @abbyohlheiser
Daniel Handler at the 2014 National Book Awards on Nov. 19 in New York. (Robin Marchant/Getty Images)
On Thursday, author Daniel Handler, also known as children’s author Lemony Snicket, apologized for a “watermelon” joke he made at the expense of an African-American author at the National Book Awards. On Friday, Handler took that apology a step further: For the next 24 hours, he is matching donations to the nonprofit We Need Diverse Books.
“My remarks on Wednesday night at #NBAwards were monstrously inappropriate and yes, racist,” Handler tweeted Friday morning. “It would be heartbreaking for the #NBAwards conversation to focus on my behavior instead of great books. So can we do this? Let’s donate to #WeNeedDiverseBooks to #CelebrateJackie . I’m in for $10,000, and matching your money for 24 hours up to $100,000.”
#CelebrateJackie refers to author Jacqueline Woodson, who won the young people’s literature prize during Wednesday night’s award ceremony. Handler’s comments followed immediately after her acceptance speech.
“I told Jackie she was going to win,” Handler said. “And I said that if she won, I would tell all of you something I learned about her this summer — which is that Jackie Woodson is allergic to watermelon.”
Criticism of Handler’s seemingly off-the-cuff joke intensified on Twitter and elsewhere the next morning. “Handler’s choice of anecdote demonstrates a poverty of imagination on any number of levels,” The Washington Post’s Alyssa Rosenberg wrote of the remarks.
On Thursday, Handler tweeted: “My job at last night’s National Book Awards #NBAwards was to shine a light on tremendous writers, including Jacqueline Woodson…and not to overshadow their achievements with my own ill-conceived attempts at humor. I clearly failed, and I’m sorry.”
Author Roxane Gay said on Thursday morning that “Daniel Handler’s racist ‘humor’ at the NBAs last night is not okay and I am shocked that so few people are talking about it.” On Friday, she tweeted the following response to Handler’s fundraising drive:
I just donated to We Need Diverse Books to take advantage of @DanielHandler ‘s matching pledge. Get in on this. http://t.co/9TpLw39Hg1 — Roxane Gay (@rgay) November 21, 2014
Other were supportive of Handler’s decision to do something more than just apologize for his insensitive remarks:
The previous RTs are a lovely way of doing more than just issuing a rote apology. — Nichole (@tnwhiskeywoman) November 21, 2014
I’m impressed with Handler. First time I’ve actually seen an author stand up and take responsibility in a meaningful way for their actions. — Justina Ireland (@tehawesomersace) November 21, 2014
Handler has taken what could have been another “ I apologize to anyone I’ve offended ” or “ anyone who knows me… ” moment and turned it into a meaningful fundraising drive for an organization dedicated to increasing diversity in the literary world — something many of those calling out Handler’s remarks believe would help to minimize the frequency of similar moments of ignorance.
You can read more about We Need Diverse Books and its work here .
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

Boko Haram said to kill about 45 people in NigeriaThe leader of a vigilante fighter group in Nigeria says Boko Haram militants have killed about 45 people.
By: Associated Press | Maiduguri | Posted: November 21, 2014 3:29 am
The leader of a vigilante fighter group in Nigeria says Boko Haram militants have killed about 45 people in an attack on a village.
Muhammed Gava of the Nigeria Vigilante Group says the assault occurred Wednesday in Azaya Kura village in northeastern Nigeria’s Borno state. He told The Associated Press on Thursday that the heavily armed Boko Haram militants surged through the village in several trucks.
The village is about 40 kilometers (25 miles) from Maiduguri, Nigeria’s capital.

Keep off 2G cases  Supreme Court tells CBI chiefNew Delhi, November 20, 2014
Updated: November 22, 2014 00:28 IST
Keep off 2G cases, Supreme Court tells CBI chief
Krishnadas Rajagopal
A file photo of CBI Director Ranjit Sinha. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
judiciary (system of justice)
Ranjit Sinha ‘attempted to save’ accused
In a major blow to the CBI’s image, the Supreme Court on Thursday ordered CBI Director Ranjit Sinha to recuse himself from the multi-crore 2G spectrum scam inquiry and trial.
The court found “prima facie credible” the allegations that Mr. Sinha had “attempted to save” accused persons and “derail” the investigation.
A three-judge Bench led by Chief Justice of India H.L. Dattu ordered Mr. Sinha, who has just over 10 days to retire, to not “interfere” further in the 2G cases. Mr Sinha said he would abide by the court's order and refused to spell out his future course of action as he had not received a copy of the order. The court, however, did not elaborate on the reasons for Mr. Sinha’s removal from the cases. It said the self-imposed restraint was for the sake of the CBI’s reputation and the faith of the public in the country’s premier investigative agency.
The Bench also recalled a September 15 order asking advocate Prashant Bhushan to disclose the identity of the anonymous source who had leaked documents which led to allegations levelled against Mr. Sinha. Mr. Bhushan, representing NGO Centre for Public Interest Litigation, had moved the Supreme Court against the CBI chief in August. It had accused him of “preventing” the filing of a chargesheet in the Aircel-Maxis deal, “weakening” the case against Reliance and 2G-accused Shahid Balwa and transferring a senior officer, Santosh Rastogi, out of the 2G probe.

Movie review  TheEqualizerPrint
Fuqua clearly spares no effort trying to convince you what's at stake here.
Written by Shalini Langer | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 8:27 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 8:45 pm
An overweight Boston security guard vs a Muscovite sociopath, an all-American home mart vs an all-Russian mafia or, if you will, a retired CIA special agent who carries own tea bags to street-corner diners vs a wine-swilling goon in cordon bleu restaurants. Fuqua clearly spares no effort trying to convince you what’s at stake here.
His aspiration may be larger than his ambition but, for the most part, The Equalizer is an entertaining thriller precisely because of the contradictions of its lead antagonists. Washington is the old Agency hand Bob; Csokas the handyman of a quintessential Russian oligarch who calls himself Teddy or Nikolai depending on the company he is in. Bob wears simple, everyday shirts tucked into shapeless trousers and jeans, fashions domestic tools into weapons, and commutes by bus or tube even when rushing for rescue. Teddy only wears sharp suits even when out on murder sprees, brandishes large guns and travels in style. Bob reads books, Teddy sports tattoos. Bob operates alone, Teddy has a troupe.
However, when they take on opponents, both Bob and Teddy are unsparing. As is Fuqua, who appears to derive particular pleasure from cork screws and like objects being dug into vulnerable flesh. Want to see one such screw struck into the neck and emerging from the middle of the mouth? This is that film.
You would be better served though keeping your eyes on Washington, who again lends his role such base conviction that you are willing to forgive and forget his character’s cliches. He is well served by Csokas, who is delicious and apt as the mafia guy with compunctions few enough to make us hate but not ignore him. That they make such well-matched opponents is what puts The Equalizer several notches above films of its ilk.
Adapted from a television series character, Bob is a widower who dropped out of the CIA after pretending to have died. His goal in life now is to finish 100 books that were on his wife’s must-read list. He is on the 91st — The Invisible Man — when he strikes a conversation with a fellow diner at the local 24×7 eatery he frequents at odd hours of the night. She is a child prostitute (Moretz), run by some very bad Russian pimps. When she is beaten almost to death for hitting an abusive client back, Bob decides to pay her torturers a visit, thus bringing him into conflict with Teddy.
This is far from Fuqua’s own Training Day and Washington’s other impressive body of work, but The Equalizer is a good reminder of what we may be missing.

President Obama to be the Chief Guest on RepublicDayPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with US president Barack Obama at the White House during his visit to US in October 2014. (Source: AP photo)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 22, 2014 4:10 am | Updated: November 22, 2014 4:25 pm
US President Barack Obama will be the chief guest at the Republic Day parade on January 26, becoming the first US President to grace the occasion.
Explained:  Why the invite marks a watershed in India-US ties
Signalling a new chapter in Indo-US ties after his meetings with Obama in Washington, on the sidelines of the East Asia summit in Myanmar and at the G-20 summit in Australia, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday said he had invited Obama. He tweeted: “This Republic Day, we hope to have a friend over… invited President Obama to be the 1st US President to grace the occasion as Chief Guest.”
This Republic Day, we hope to have a friend over…invited President Obama to be the 1st US President to grace the occasion as Chief Guest.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) November 21, 2014
In response, the US National Security Council tweeted “President Obama will travel to India in Jan 2015 to participate in Indian Republic Day celebration as Chief Guest. President Obama will meet w/@narendramodi and Indian officials to strengthen and expand the U.S.-#India strategic partnership. Visit will mark 1st time US president will have honor of attending Republic Day, which commemorates adoption of India’s constitution #India.”
India accords special significance to the choice of chief guest for the Republic Day celebrations. New Delhi intermeshes strategy with hospitality to decide its chief guest. The choice every year is dictated by a number of reasons — strategic and diplomatic, business interest and international geo-politics.
Meeting on the sidelines of the East Asia summit in Myanmar capital Nay Pyi Taw, Obama called Modi, a “man of action”. And then came the announcement of an Indo-US agreement on the WTO.
@ invite of @narendramodi President Obama will travel to #India in Jan 2015 to participate in Indian Republic Day celebration as Chief Guest
— @NSCPress (@NSCPress) November 21, 2014
Obama last visited India in November 2010 when he had come to Mumbai and New Delhi on a State visit.
The choice of the US President is indicative of the push which the Modi government wants to give to India-US relationship at the beginning of his five-year term.
@ invite of @narendramodi President Obama will travel to #India in Jan 2015 to participate in Indian Republic Day celebration as Chief Guest

Shakib Al Hasans record feat gives Bangladesh win in firstODIPrint
By: Associated Press | Chittagong | Posted: November 21, 2014 9:26 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 9:51 pm
Shakib Al Hasan became the 12th cricketer to smash a century and claim four wickets in a one-day international as Bangladesh comfortably beat Zimbabwe by 87 runs in the series opener on Friday.
The allrounder picked up 4-41 to help Bangladesh bowl the visitors out for 194 after his 101 guided the side to a strong 281-7.
He also featured in a national record 148-run partnership with Mushfiqur Rahim for the fifth wicket that set the tune. Rahim scored 65.
“Me and Mushy had a very good partnership. I don’t know what I have changed in bowling,” Shakib said. “I have been bowling a lot, and I love to contribute, but when it is my day I have to make sure it belongs to me.”
It was Bangladesh’s first ODI win of the year, after losing 12 and having one washed out.
“It was a brilliant performance, but still there are areas where we need to improve and hope we do well in the next four games,” Shakib said. “It’s a relief to win the first ODI in 2014.”
For Zimbabwe, Brendan Taylor was the top-scorer with 54, and Hamilton Masakadza contributed 42.
Left-arm spinner Arafat Sunny (2-22), offspinner Mahmudullah (2-40) and fast bowler Mashrafe Bin Mortaza (2-33) also shared in the spoils.
Zimbabwe openers Masakadza and Sikandar Raza were progressing smoothly in pursuit of the big total when left-arm spinner Shakib dealt a double blow, dismissing Raza for 15 and Vusi Sibanda for a duck in three balls for 47-2.
Taylor resisted, and the dew made it difficult for the spinners to grip the ball well, but Mahmudullah produced a gem to trap Maskadza lbw, ending his 48-ball innings including seven fours. Mahmudullah followed with the wicket of Regis Chakabva on 9 at 124-4.
Bangladesh sensed an easy victory when captain Mashrafe Bin Mortaza returned with fire in his second spell to remove Taylor. Rahim dived full length to his right to claim an excellent catch, and virtually take the match away from Zimbabwe’s grip at 146-5 in the 30th over.
Mortaza got his counterpart Elton Chigumbura for 15 with a slower ball, after which Shakib took out Solomon Mire (11) and John Nyumbu (4) to complete his four-wicket haul.
After being sent into bat by Zimbabwe, Shakib hit his sixth century. Debutant Sabbir Rahman added a fluent 44, and Mominul Haque 31.
Bangladesh began with a meagre 31-3, Zimbabwe capitalizing on the local batsmen’s wayward shot selection.
Shakib joined Mominul Haque to settle things. Mominul Haque played a wretched shot to be out for 31 at 70-4, then Shakib and Rahim took the match out of Zimbabwe’s grip by playing some bold shots.
The tourists also did not help their cause by missing Rahim on 16, 56 and 60.
“I thought the start we had was excellent but when Shakib and Musfiqur came in, they played really well. Our fielding was off as well, we didn’t take our chances,” Chigumbura said.
Shakib’s knock was chanceless. He played with audacity to reach his sixth hundred off just 95 balls. He smashed 10 fours in his 101 continued…

eBay brings  Black Friday  sale to India  offers up to 80% discounts on US productsIndia market is good at  balancing rigour and magic: Lindsay Pattison, Global CEO, Maxus
E-commerce major eBay has partnered with shopyourworld.com to introduce ‘Black Friday’ sale in India that will go on from today till November 30, 2014.
Under the offer, eBay will offer the bargains on US-based products at India pricing as well as free shipping across the country through products purchased via Global Easy Buy, eBay India said in a statement.
Black Friday is the Friday following Thanksgiving Day in the US, often regarded as the beginning of the Christmas shopping season. It is known for best deals on products and is the biggest shopping day in the US.
“We are delighted to provide Indian consumers easy access to the best of Black Friday deals on products available in the US and that too in real time.
“Along with ShopYourWorld.com, we will be listing over 10,000 deals on ebay.in under the Black Friday sale,” eBay India Director and Business Head Vidmay Naini said.
These products will be available to consumers in Indian rupees at a price which will be inclusive of all import duties, international shipping charges and other charges as applicable in India, it added.
During the sale, customers can look forward to purchasing technology and lifestyle products at discounts up to 80 per cent.
eCommerce in India is growing at a massive pace.
According to reports, the segment is expected to grow from about USD 3 billion to USD 15 billion in the next two years.
Major players like Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon have, in the last two months, offered discount schemes on specific days, in sync with the festive season in the country.
In December, tech giant Google will host the third edition of its annual Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF), which will see participation from eCommerce players as well as large FMCG and consumer durable brands.
More from companies
Online’s offline overture E-commerce companies take omni channel route to boost sales; open brick-and-mortar stores to engage directly with customers

Movie review  Dumb And DumberToPrint
There isn't much Carrey and Daniels can get wrong here that isn't wrong already.
Written by Shalini Langer | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 8:30 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 8:50 pm
THE best thing about Dumb & Dumber To is that Dumb & Dumber came 20 years ago. Yes, 20. So it says something for the Farrelly brothers kind of humour that it doesn’t seem so very long back that we saw Lloyd (Carrey) and Harry (Daniels) driving around in a van covered with fur shaped like a puppy and stopping at little in torturing their bodies and our minds for some laughs.
That’s also the worst thing about Dumb & Dumber To. Because, if it is all so fresh, how do you get over and under it? It appears by not sparing the use of any bodily fluid, from poop to spit, or any bodily hole, from the covered to the protruding.
There isn’t much Carrey and Daniels can get wrong here that isn’t wrong already. However, even if the story was a little better, there is something quite pathetic about wrinkled, greying men on the wrong side of 40 behaving like their selves from the right side of 20.

BMW launches new Mini Cooper modelsUpdated: November 19, 2014 23:08 IST
BMW launches new Mini Cooper models
Special Correspondent
BMW Group India President Philipp von Sahr with the MINI model in in Mumbai on Wednesday. Photo: Shashi Ashiwal
TOPICS
automobile
Both models are available in showrooms and are priced at Rs 31.85 lakh for the Mini Cooper D 3-door and Rs 35.2 lakh for the new Mini Cooper D 5-door (all-India showroom prices).
German car maker BMW launched its new Mini 3-door and 5-door models in India. The launch marks the first time that the new Mini is represented with a 5-door model in the small car segment.
Both models are available in showrooms and are priced at Rs 31.85 lakh for the Mini Cooper D 3-door and Rs 35.2 lakh for the new Mini Cooper D 5-door (all-India showroom prices). The car is available in eleven colours.
"To ensure the new generation of Mini is as successful as its predecessors, we have made just subtle modifications to its design," Philipp von Sahr, President, BMW Group India said at the launch. "But beneath the skin is a brand new car with an absolutely revamped interior stacked with state-of-the art technologies seen for the first time in a small car."
The car comes with a 1.5 litre 3-cylinder Twinpower turbo diesel engine and a standard six-speed automatic transmission. There are three driving modes – Green for fuel saving, Sport and Mid mode. Also on offer are add-on options like Mini Navigation System Professional, Mini Connected XL, Wire package, Heads-up Display, Harman Kardon hi fi system and LED headlights with cornering function.
BMW makes nine models of BMW vehicles from its Chennai facility and on the possibility of making the Mini in India, Mr. von Sahr said, "We trust the long term development of the Indian market and we could decide to produce it in India in future. We are open to it."
The BMW Group had introduced the Mini in India in 2012 and currently the range includes the Mini 3-door, Mini 5-door, Mini Convertible and Mini Countryman. Mr. von Sahr said the company plans to launch the Mini Cooper S 3-door in India in the first quarter of 2015.
He said the company had four dealerships for the Mini in India and plans to add one or two more next year.

Rupee down 10 paise against dollarUpdated: November 20, 2014 10:44 IST
Rupee down 10 paise against dollar
PTI
currency values
Continuing its falling streak for the sixth straight day, the rupee depreciated by 11 paise to trade at almost nine—month low of 62.07 against the dollar in early trade on Thursday at the Interbank Foreign Exchange due to sustained demand for the American currency from importers.
Besides, slowdown in capital inflows and weakness in the euro and the yen against the U.S. dollar overseas also put pressure on the local unit but a higher opening in the domestic equity market limited the fall, forex dealers said.
The rupee had lost 22 paise to close at 8-1/2 month low of 61.96 against the dollar in the previous session, following sustained dollar demand from oil importers and weakness in the local stock market.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex recovered by 85.68 points, or 0.30 per cent, to trade at 28,118.53 in early trade.

Kotak Mahindra  ING Vysya shares soar following merger buzzUpdated: November 20, 2014 12:47 IST
Kotak Mahindra, ING Vysya shares soar following merger buzz
S. Varadharajan
banking
Shares of ING Vysya Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank are witnessing aggressive buying on unconfirmed reports that Kotak Mahindra Bank to acquire ING Vysya Bank and may merge ING with itself.
ING Vysya shares were up by Rs. 103 (13.7 per cent) to quote at Rs. 863.70. Shares of Kotak Mahindra Bank have moved up by Rs. 75 to (7 per cent) to quote at Rs. 1153 at 11.40 a.m.
The BSE (Bombay Stock Exchange) and NSE (National Stock Exchange) have stated that clarification was sought following reports that Kotak Mahindra Bank may merge with ING Vysya in a 2:2.5 ratio.
ING Vysya Bank replied stating "We are aware of the Company's disclosure obligations under Clause 36 of the Listing Agreement. The Company will abide by its obligations to make appropriate disclosures as and when such disclosures are necessitated by decisions taken by the Company."
Kotak Bank has in its communication to the NSE, clarified that, "No decision has been made by our Bank in relation to any merger or acquisition transaction. If the Bank takes a decision to undertake such a transaction, the same being unpublished price sensitive information, the Bank shall make a disclosure in accordance with Clause 36 of the listing agreement".

First merger since global meltdownNEW DELHI, November 21, 2014
Updated: November 21, 2014 01:40 IST
First merger since global meltdown
PTI
Kotak Mahindra Bank’s acquisition of ING Vysya Bank is the country’s first ever amalgamation of a profit earning entity post the global financial meltdown in 2008.
Although two more mergers took place during this period but those were under different circumstances.
In 2010, Bank of Rajasthan was merged with country’s largest private sector lender ICICI Bank. Bank of Rajasthan was a loss making entity and its net worth had turned negative.
A subsidiary of SBI, State Bank of Indore was merged with the parent in the same year. This was in continuation of the proposed policy of amalgamation of its subsidiaries over a period.
SBI had merged State Bank of Saurashtra in August, 2008, just a month before global meltdown was triggered by Lehman Brothers going kaput.
Prior to 2008, the other significant mergers that took place include HDFC Bank acquiring Centurion Bank of Punjab in 2008 and IDBI Bank acquiring United Western Bank in 2006.

Black money can destabilise world peace  blogs Narendra ModiNew Delhi, November 21, 2014
Updated: November 21, 2014 17:36 IST
Black money can destabilise world peace, blogs Narendra Modi
PTI
Tweet
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi noted that his visit to Australia was the first bilateral visit by an Indian Prime Minister in 28 years and to Fiji after 33 years. File photo
TOPICS
ministers (government)
Warning that black money can destabilise world peace and harmony, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday asserted that democratic nations have an obligation of collectively fighting this evil as it does not affect any country selectively.
A day after his return from a foreign tour during which the issue of black money was flagged at the G20 Summit in Australia, Mr. Modi wrote a blog saying that “India placed the issue of existence and repatriation of black money at the forefront of the world community.”
The Prime Minister said he was glad that the world community took note of this “because this is an issue that does not selectively affect one nation.”
Warning that “the menace of black money has the potential to destabilise world peace and harmony,” Mr. Modi said, “black money also brings with it terrorism, money laundering and narcotics trade.”
Pitching for a united global fight against the menace, he said, “As democracies firmly committed to the rule of law, it becomes our obligation to collectively fight this evil and there was no better occasion than the G20 to raise this.”
Referring to the outcome of the G20 Summit, he said, “Our efforts paid off with the official communique reflecting this issue.”
Mr. Modi, who attended five Summits and met 38 world leaders during his 10-day tour of Myanmar, Australia and Fiji, said, “I noticed one thing — that the world is looking at India with renewed respect and immense enthusiasm! I see a global community that is tremendously keen to engage with India.”
“With every leader, we discussed how we could make our relations more extensive, diverse and wide-ranging.
Strengthening trade and commerce and drawing industry to India was a central part of the discussion,” Mr. Modi wrote on the blog.
He added that the “numerous leaders I met were very optimistic about our ‘Make in India’ initiative and are keen to come to India and be a part of the extensive and diverse opportunities India has to offer.”
“I see this as a positive sign, one that will bring several opportunities to India’s youth and give them the right exposure that will make them shine,” the Prime Minister said.
Observing that “such exposure” has become imperative keeping in mind the pace at which the world is developing, he said, “several world leaders also showed keenness on our plans to create ‘Next Gen Infrastructure’ and smart cities.”
He noted that his visit to Australia was the first bilateral visit by an Indian Prime Minister in 28 years and to Fiji after 33 years.
In an apparent dig at his predecessors, Mr. Modi wrote, “on one hand, the IT and Communication revolution brought the world closer but on the other hand, we could not reach the shores of these two countries, each important in its own way, for almost three decades. I thought this must change.”
He said he had 20 full bilateral meetings. “In fact, I had the opportunity to meet leaders from every part of the world! These meetings were frank, comprehensive and fruitful. We covered substantial ground on several issues. I met a wide range of business leaders as well.”
From his recent “eastward travels,” Mr. Modi said he noted what the world expects from India.
“I saw in their eyes a desire to see India playing its part for a peaceful, stable and developed global community. I also saw a reflection of the energy of our youth, keeping pace with rapid changes across the world,” he said.
“I am convinced, with even greater consciousness, of the positive difference India can make on the world stage,” Mr. Modi said.
Contending that “The world is looking at India with renewed enthusiasm,” he said, “We must reciprocate with a renewed commitment to our shared values and goals. Together we shall script a better future for India and the rest of the world.”

With a bullet: China  oil  and Uber (again)SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
China lowered interest rates for the first time in two years , in an admission that growth is lagging. At the same time, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi signaled that the central bank is ready to expand its stimulus program .
William Ruprecht, CEO of Sotheby’s, steps down after a barrage of criticism from billionaire hedge fund manager Daniel Loeb.
George Soros’ Quantum Fund has invested $500,000 with Bill Gross’ Janus Global Unconstrained Bond Fund, according to the Denver-based fund group.
AP Photo/Dario Lopez-Mills

A mainstream media maintains silence  social media uproar over death of Kerala nursingstudentThe nursing college authorities had asked Roy to give an explanation about a complaint that she had allegedly ragged junior students. (Photo source: Rosy Roy group-http://iexp.in/oqV125589)
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: November 21, 2014 8:32 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 8:51 pm
Two weeks after a nursing student allegedly jumped into death from the ninth floor of a private hospital here, social media in Kerala is witnessing an unprecedented outrage demanding justice for the girl.
Roji Roy, 19, jumped from the tenth floor of Kerala Institute of Medical Sciences (KIMS), a leading private hospital in the Kerala capital on November 6. She was a second year student at the nursing school run by the KIMS.
On that day, Roy was summoned by the nursing college authorities to the hospital complex to give an explanation about a complaint that she had allegedly ragged junior students.That morning she appeared herself before the inquiry panel, but refuted the allegations.
As the panel, comprising the hostel warden, college principal and vice-principal wanted her to give her explanation in writing, she went out to prepare the same in the library. Around noon that day, she jumped from the ninth floor of the hospital. A seriously injured Roy was declared dead at 6 pm.
The family sources said they were pained at the approach of the local newspapers.
Roy is the elder daughter of George Roy and Sajitha, both differently abled.  She has a younger brother.  Many leading Malayalam dailies did not even mention KIMS name in their story. They blacked out the victim’s family version. Sources at a prominent TV news channel said they could not run a story on Roy’s family version. “ We ran their story in a single bulletin. There was immense pressure on us not to repeat that news,’’ sources said.
As the mysterious death was fading into oblivion, a group “Justice of Roji Roy’’ emerged on Facebook. Two weeks on, the group has grown into a community of 46,456 persons . As the protest in the social media gathers momentum, various forms of agitations are being reported from across the world, particularly from the nursing community.  On Friday, CPI (M) student wing SFI took out a protest march in Thiruvananthapuram demanding impartial probe into the incident. Nursing students and nurses across the country have observed protest in these days.
“We are submitting before the social media this girl named Roji Roy, who was abandoned by the media under the duress from the corporate forces.  The responsibility to become the voice of the deaf and dumb parents, who want justice for their daughter, rests with each one of you. Let us hope this online agitation would bring in justice for Roji Roy,” says the Facebook page.
 
Many leading Malayalam dailies did not even mention KIMS name in their story.
The home page of the “Justice for Roji Roy says, “this community is against the criminal silence of the media, which should continued…

Canine Prince  26/11 hero  diesUpdated: November 21, 2014 20:33 IST
Canine Prince, 26/11 hero, dies
Rashmi Rajput
Prince was successful in locating 4 live bombs and 17 hand grenades during the 26/11 siege.
TOPICS
animal
A hero who helped locate bombs during the 26/11 terror attack, Prince, a ten-year-old member of the Mumbai Police’s dog squad breathed his last on Friday afternoon.
Prince, a Labrador, was trained as a sniffer dog for the Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad (BDDS) of the Mumbai police. He retired in August after spending almost his entire life working for the squad. The canine was successful in locating four live bombs and 17 hand grenades during the 26/11 siege. He had also assisted with investigation of the 2006 Mumbai train blasts.
Prince was admitted at a government-run veterinary hospital in central Mumbai for heart and kidney related ailments earlier in the day. Officers from the BDDS bade him a fond farewell. The BDDS at present has only a dozen canines for the entire city.

RIL Stock Price Should Double in 3 Years: CLSAYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
RIL Stock Price Should Double in 3 Years: CLSA
Published On:                  November 19, 2014                 | Duration: 11 min, 33 sec

Womens supplementsupplements-women    Cached
Walk down the supplement aisle of any health food store, pharmacy, or major grocer and you’ll see hundreds—no, thousands—of pill bottles. Seven different kinds ...

Gamesa to launch next-gen turbinesalternative energy
Gamesa India said that it would manufacture and launch next generation G114-2 MW wind turbines by end-2015.
On Thursday, Gamesa Executive Chairman, Ignacio Martin, and its Business CEO, Xabier Exteberria, inaugurated the new production line at its Nacelles plant at Mamandur, about 70 km from Chennai, for the manufacture of the larger wind turbines with longer rotors.
Briefing reporters, Gamesa India, Chairman and Managing Director, Ramesh Kymal, said: “The prototype for G114 will be ready by March 2015, and we are planning to produce 50 turbines of 100 MW capacity.
With the proposed launch, the production line in the Mamandur plant will have facilities to assemble two models (G97-2 MW and G114-2 MW).”
The Mamandur plant would produce about 90 per cent of G114-2 MW by 2016 by which time G97-2MW would be phased out. Mr. Xabier said that the global launch of G114-2.5 MW would happen by May 2015, and the delivery would take place during 2015-16.
Mr. Kymal said that the company was making its maiden foray into the offshore project off the coast of Gujarat.

Frozen s  Anna and Elsa part of latest campaign to get girls to codeGoogle wants to see more girls building technology and has launched Made with Code, an initiative to help them do it. ( Andrea Chang )
The tutorial features heroines Anna and Elsa from Disney's 2013 hit, which this year knocked "Toy Story 3" off its throne to become the highest-grossing animated film of all time. Launched as part of Code.org’s Hour of Code campaign, a worldwide effort to broaden participation in computer science, students will learn to write code to help Anna and Elsa draw snowflakes and snowmen, and perform magical “ice craft.”
Disney is also donating $100,000 to support Code.org’s efforts to bring computer science education to after-school programs nationwide.

How to engage employees in social media marketing: 5 data-driven steps0
• According to Gallup’s 2013 State of the Global Workplace survey, just  13 percent  of worldwide employees say they are engaged at work.
• A recent  study of 2,300 employees on “employee activism”  discovered that social media helps create the kind of engaged employees who act as company advocates and draw visibility to their workplace.
• The same study discovered that 50% of employees are posting messages, pictures or videos in social media about their work, and a third of them are doing so without any encouragement from their employer.
With just a bit of guidance, brands can  expand their social media reach  as well as their employees’ happiness by involving them in social media strategy.
The 5 steps that transformed our social strategy
At  15Five , we shifted our social media strategy several months ago to leverage the entire team. As a result, we have seen a dramatic increase of traffic to our homepage and our blog, and an increase in leads.
Here are the 5 simple steps that we put in place that any company can replicate:
1. Develop a persona
With thousands of diverse customers and followers on social media, how do we know who we are talking to: managers, directors, executives, or front-line employees?
With marketing and customer success taking the lead, we held an all-hands brainstorm session to  develop a target persona .
We sketched out a real person including details such as what he does for work, how he enjoys downtime, even what kind of car he drives and what he eats for breakfast. We shared this with the entire team so they know who they’re trying to reach on social channels.
2. Create a social media repository
While employees can of course post our company’s content to their own social networks, we also want them to feel free to contribute their ideas and thoughts for posts on our company pages.
We created a “Social Media Content” board on Trello and encouraged employees to drop in interesting files, images, memes, questions, and links. This allows our social media manager to pull from a rich, diverse repository of content.
3. Resources and encouragement trump rules and regulations
When we first brought up the Trello board of social media content to the team, we didn’t want to overwhelm them so the ask was casual: “Don’t go out of your way searching for images or articles. As you discover things of interest, just drop the file or link in the appropriate place in the Trello board. And feel free to snap a pic of team outings.”
We didn’t want to transform something fun into just another task on their to-do lists by instituting policy, so we decided to let employees know that the practice was appreciated and encourage them to keep comments and posts truthful and positive.
This lines up with the tactics most brands are using to encourage social media activism in their employees:
Empower employees to be themselves
As your employees promote your company, values, and culture on their own social media accounts, make sure they are empowered to maintain their  individual, unique voices . Genuine posts are more important than marketing language. Just encourage them to be honest and portray the company in a positive light as they add their own spin to a post or topic.
Export your culture as well as your product
A strong culture translates through social channels and raises brand perception across the board. Employees might share images of the company picnic, the latest happy hour, and other fun outings just like they do in their personal lives.
4. Maintain a consistent voice
Once your content is in a central location, your brand ambassador or content manager can post it, optimizing to encourage conversation and click-throughs. (Your community manager might do a final review to keep the voice consistent and on-brand.)
5. Share social media stats so team members can see their impact
When team members can see that an article they found or a comment they wrote increased site traffic or sales, they will feel pride in their contributions and will be more likely to continue to share.
Using Buffer allows us to  schedule posts on Facebook, Twitter, Google+, and LinkedIn , and Buffer converts all links to buff.ly format so that it’s easy to analyze their performance.

Our Everyday Food Worker Heroesreddit
Co-authored by Jose Oliva
These days, super heroes are all the rage, it seems. Most have supernatural powers to do good in the world. But we have people in our food system who don't need super powers to do good in the world - they're our everyday food worker heroes. And so for our 3rd annual International Food Workers Week, November 23-29, 2014 , we're celebrating them with a series of videos called Food Worker Heroes featuring one worker per sector of the food chain and a new Food Worker Heroes Tumblr blog !
These food worker heroes are people like Martha, a Los Angeles-area Walmart worker and leader of the Organization United for Respect at Walmart (OUR Walmart) . Martha is going on strike on Black Friday because she and her co-workers are tired of Walmart retaliating against its own employees for speaking up and organizing for $15 per hour and full-time work. Martha says,
"I get a lot of satisfaction in helping the customers find and locate products that will help them and benefit them. I'm proud to be a part of OUR Walmart. Living in poverty is no fun. I would love to see my co-workers and workers everywhere off government assistance once and for all. We can all raise the standards for everyone."
Another food worker hero is Gualberto, a Mexican immigrant farmworker in upstate New York and a member of the Rural and Migrant Ministry, "a group that fights for better conditions for farmworkers", he says. Gualberto explains,
"I am proud to be one of the 20 million people who work in the food system in the U.S. because everyone enjoys the fruit of our labor, from the richest person to the poorest. It's because of our labor that we are all able to eat."
Constantine is a food worker hero in the service sector. He is a street food vendor in New York City, originally from Egypt, and a leader of the Street Vendor Project that unites all street vendors in the city.  Constantine explains that one of the challenges for street vendors is "you have to deal with the authorities. A lot of times there's harassment and excessive force." He adds, "I'm most proud that the public loves us and supports us."
Pedro, originally from Mexico, is a food worker hero who has worked at Farmer John's, a meat processor in Los Angeles, for over 20 years. He says,
"My job is very hard. You have to do it fast because the line don't stop, but at the same time, I enjoy doing it. Every day we learn something, and I share experiences with my co-workers. We help each other."
Pedro is a member of the executive board of the United Food and Commercial Workers union Local 770 . He explains, "I talk to my co-workers about how important it is to join the union because we send a message that the company has to respect the workers."
And last, but not least, is Bakari, a warehouse worker outside of Chicago and a member of the Warehouse Workers for Justice (WWJ). "In all my experiences working in warehouses and the food industry, I suffered some discrimination. We need health benefits. We need to pay bills. It's hard with what the companies pay you." Bakari says he's glad that there are organizations like WWJ and the Food Chain Workers Alliance . "We are all one people. We're just striving for fair working conditions."
So this International Food Workers Week, which is every year around Thanksgiving, you can celebrate Bakari and the millions of other food worker heroes in the U.S. and around the world in many ways:
• Help educate your family and friends about the importance of food workers in our daily lives! Our IFWW menu lists a number of videos to watch, including our Food Worker Hero series and the farmworker documentary " Food Chains ," out in theaters and on iTunes starting November 21.
• Submit a photo or video on our Food Worker Heroes Tumblr blog - it can be your favorite local farmer or restaurant server. Really anyone who works in the food system who you think is a food worker hero!
• Go out on Black Friday and support the courageous OUR Walmart workers going on strike! They and supporters will be out at 1,800 stores around the U.S. Check out blackfridayprotests.org .
• Support restaurant workers organizing with the Restaurant Opportunities Centers United ! They're fighting to end the federal tipped minimum wage of $2.13 per hour so there's one fair wage for all. The National Restaurant Association wants to keep this subminimum wage so sign the petition to kick the National Restaurant Association out of Congress!
• Share our comic book "Food Chain Avengers," which tells the story of 5 young food worker heroes as they battle the evil Sunshine Farms corporation and fight for justice in their hometown (see image above of the Food Chain Avengers).
Jose Oliva has been the Associate Director of the Alliance since August 2013. He is from Xelaju, Guatemala. Jose founded the Chicago Interfaith Workers' Center in 2001 and then became the Coordinator of Interfaith Worker Justice's National Workers' Centers Network. In 2008 he went on to run the Center for Community Change's worker justice program.  From 2009-2014, Jose held a number of leadership roles at Alliance member Restaurant Opportunities Centers United, the national organization of restaurant workers. He also served as Board Chair of the FCWA Board of Directors from 2010-2012.
Go to our website foodchainworkers.org to find more ways you can support our everyday food worker heroes. There might even be a local event in your city that you can join!
Follow Joann Lo on Twitter: www.twitter.com/foodchainworker
More:

How to Design Your Dream Jobreddit
No job is a perfect fit until you take ownership of it and make it your own. Just like buying a suit, you need to tailor it to fit you. Many people, sadly, never tailor their jobs to make them fit and end up being frustrated by their job due to lack of purpose.
In reality, most jobs are loosely defined enough that you can do substantial alterations to them, if not design major parts of them to meet your needs. It is what successful careers are built on: the art of tailoring your work to fit you and your sense of style.
A job design begins with having a clear sense of the goals of your job. Defining the goals of your job is like choosing the material of your new suit. The first step is answering key questions about the organization and your role within it:
What is success for the organization?
What goals will be hit in three to five years on the job?
What transformation(s) will occur?
What metrics will be key to measuring success?
With the organization's needs front of mind, you begin to cut and stitch the job together based on your unique needs. There are many ways to define your needs, but to design a job where you can thrive, you should to focus what brings purpose and fulfillment to your work. Designing to optimize purpose comes down to three principles:
Deepen Relationships: What are different approaches that could help you build the relationships that matter to you within or outside the organization? For example, if you are in sales, how do you target a population that is where you want to build your network?
Maximize Impact: How can you frame the goal(s) to align with what drives purpose for you? For example, if you find the most purpose in helping individuals achieve their goals, you can you frame your role to be about making an impact for those people. If you are driven by the gain and dispersion of knowledge, you can make research and learning the core of your approach. Defining the type of impact that gives you purpose starts with discovering your Purpose Pattern.
Achieve Personal Growth: What form of growth is most important to you right now? Is it growth in building a network or gaining knowledge? Is it about overcoming fears or trying something new? Is it about mastering a skill? Articulating answers to these questions helps ensure that you grow the way that matters to you in your job.
If you and your manager can co-design your job based on your answers to these questions, you will have designed a job that has an incredibly high potential to be rich in purpose. Oh, and you will also likely achieve your manager's goals with flying colors.
Click here to take a free 15 minute Purpose Assessment. Click here to see Imperative's solutions for employers.
Aaron Hurst is CEO of Imperative , a technology platform helping organizations build cultures alive with purpose. He is also the founder of the Taproot Foundation and author of The Purpose Economy . Follow him on twitter: @Aaron_Hurst .
Follow Aaron Hurst on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Aaron_Hurst
More:

Ebola is What Happens When Promises Are Brokenreddit
Diseases do a lot of different things, all vicious, but there's one thing they've got in common: they find our vulnerabilities and exploit them.
The Ebola outbreak in West Africa -- and the world's inept initial response to it --shows how fragile we are on all fronts. Because the epidemic isn't just a failure of health systems in poor countries, or of leadership and coordination by wealthy ones, it's also a failure of our value system. If governments the world over had kept their promises to fight extreme poverty and diseases, the three countries most affected would have had stronger national immune systems.
The grand promises our elected officials make on our behalf become our grand betrayals when they don't follow through. I've been witness to a lot of despair over the years, but the photograph of a lonely child dying in her own excrement on a concrete floor of a clinic in Monrovia while untrained staff are too scared to hold and comfort her will stay with me forever.
I started writing this last week and find myself finishing it from a New York hospital where I've just had surgeries for getting smashed up in a bike accident. The quality of care is excellent ... for a jumble of broken bones that are a long way from life-threatening. The contrast with images like the one above couldn't be starker -- or more jarring.
Ebola is what happens when promises are broken. More than 14,000 people hit, more than 5,000 dead. While the numbers are starting to go down in some places, we should have no illusions. Ebola is a killer playing a long game. If we take our eyes off it, if we get bored, we'll get punished. As US Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power said , as Ebola moves locations and changes shape, the world's response has got to change with it.
"The world" in this case means not just governments, but everyone who has a responsibility to hold governments accountable -- i.e., citizens, i.e., you and me. The policy geeks at ONE have just released an interactive "Ebola Response Tracker" that shows the good the bad and the ugly when it comes to promises made and kept, or promises made and not kept, since Ebola started to spread.
This tracker isn't just a tool, it's a weapon. It's a sharp one, too, and it's meant to be wielded at governments.
But let's be honest, it's hard to get something like an Ebola Response Tracker trending. It's a lot easier to get Matt Damon trending. So ONE has also released a short film with Matt Damon as well as Ben Affleck, Ellie Goulding and Angelique Kidjo, and, most importantly, Ebola-fighting health-care workers from Liberia, the real heroes in this fight. This film seethes in silence at the initial slow response to Ebola, and demands we sort out the root causes of this disease. As we set our sights on Ebola -- whether through the brilliant Africa Stop Ebola project , which tells people how to protect themselves, or the revamped Band Aid 30 , or the rumored African We Are the World -- we have to think not just short-term, but long. Not just about ending this crisis, but preventing the next one.
It would of course be a crime if we funded our efforts against Ebola at a cost to other diseases. When GAVI, the Vaccine Alliance -- which inoculates children -- meets for its replenishment next year, it's really a meeting to decide if the world will accept that the solutions to these problems are very much in our hands, decided by economic priorities. Wonkish talk, statistics, and debates about aid aside, the dead honest truth is that focused investments like these can really create a tipping point.
We've got to see the underlying causes of the Ebola crisis -- extreme poverty and a lack of investment in basic health, and health systems -- as every bit as urgent as the painful images on TV, and the realities they represent.
The answer is certainly not just songs and PSAs, though they can help. It's not just more doctors and nurses going to West Africa, though that's essential, or just governments doing more to step up, though we have to make sure they do. The answer is leadership to tackle the structural causes, the big issues of poverty, corruption, injustice. These problems are tenacious, but yield to our efforts -- we've seen that already. Extreme poverty has fallen by half since 1990 and could nearly reach the "zero zone" by 2030. If the world really gets focused, we can have not just an absence of Ebola and other killers, but an abundance of opportunity, good governance, economic growth, and brighter futures, even in the places that today are the poorest.
In the next month the United Nations will give the world a first look at the update on the new Millennium Development Goals -- the old ones have been our marker for progress in the fight against extreme poverty over the past 15 years. The goals for the next 15 years will be agreed upon in 2015, at an historic summit of world leaders. You'll see numerical targets and thresholds, but what these goals will really communicate is our generation's value system and our aspirations for the next.
When you see the fanfare and hear the rhetoric, the sound of world leaders knowing they're making history (and rather enjoying it), try not to roll your eyes. Instead try to picture a world where the sort of images we've just seen in West Africa are shocking because they are so rare. Or better yet, a world where there are no images like these at all.
Ebola has taught us that our value system needs a shot in the arm. The real villain is not a virus or microbe, it is when good policies, well thought-out, are not funded or followed through.
More:

Ranjit Sinha 2G scamscam-Former-CBI...    Cached
NEW DELHI: Even as CBI director Ranjit Sinha claimed on Thursday that he didn't name any officer as 'mole' and that he would abide by the Supreme Court ...

Mullaperiyar water levelmullaperiyar-dam...    Cached
The water level in Mullaperiyar dam receded to 141.97 feet on Thursday. Earlier in the day, it had touched 142 ft mark for the first time since the SC allowed TN to ...

Paralyzed Special Forces soldier opening rehab centerBy Dan Lamothe November 21 Follow @danlamothe
Romy Camargo, a Special Forces veteran who was paralyzed in Afghanistan by a gunshot to the neck, is opening a gym to help other people. (Photo courtesy Romy Camargo)
The gunshot wound that changed Chief Warrant Officer-3 Romulo Camargo’s life hit him square in the back of the neck. He and his fellow soldiers with the 7th Special Forces Group were caught in a fierce ambush in Afghanistan at the time, and facing a hail of mortars, machine-gun fire and rocket-propelled grenades.
The bullet paralyzed Camargo, 38, from the neck down on Sept. 16, 2008, in Zabul province as he turned to reach for a box of grenades while on a truck. His fellow soldiers scrambled to stabilize him, and he was rushed from the battlefield to then-Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington. He needed numerous surgeries, and was in bad enough shape early on that he needed a ventilator to breathe.
Chief Warrant Officer-3 Romy Camargo is shown here before he was wounded in Afghanistan. (Photo courtesy Romy Camargo)
“Romy” has pushed through, though. Doctors expected he’d need the ventilator for life, he said, but he was eventually able to get off of it. And now he has a new plan: Opening a rehabilitation center near his home in Tampa, Fla., in February in which not only he will continue recuperating, but others with similar paralysis can come, too.
“I’ve always been upbeat,” Camargo said. “I think I’ve been depressed three times, and that was when I got released from the hospital. Being 18 months in an in-patient hospital, some people get institutionalized and they don’t want to leave. So when I left, the first day I came to the house I was like, ‘Whoa.’ And then I realized, it’s a new day. Let’s get up and do something.”
Camargo has remained active ever since. He has raised money for charities, given pep talks in schools and delivered a rousing speech in May at a major Special Operations conference in Tampa, all the while confined to his motorized wheelchair.
He describes it this way in a video produced last year:
It’s the Stay in Step Recovery Center that is his new passion. He has raised more than $330,000 toward a $400,000 goal he and his wife, Gaby, set to open the center. And he expects renovations to begin soon on the site they have selected. He wants to raise another $130,000 for equipment — $74,000 which will go toward a “step and stand” rehabilitation system that helps paralyzed people exercise their legs and arms.
Camargo has demonstrated how he exercises other parts of his body with assistance from therapists and trainers in a series of videos posted online:
The center will be based around activities and exercise. Continuing to work out the body, even when it can’t move on its own, helps keep paralyzed people healthy, Camargo said. His wife plans to lead breakout sessions in which the caregivers of patients can help one another.
Romy Camargo is depicted here with his wife, Gaby, at military function. (Photo courtesy Romy Camargo)
“When you get paralyzed, people lose their friends, people lose their will to fight,” Camargo said. “But our center is going to provide something where we can come together, have friends, bring other friends together and be able to create that atmosphere that just because you’re paralyzed doesn’t mean you have to stay home and not do anything.”
Retired Lt. Col. Scott Mann, a friend and former Special Forces officer who led Camargo, said he has remained a source of inspiration for his friends and family.
“He was one of those guys who, you know, just never gets hit. You just couldn’t imagine him getting hit,” Mann said. “He was that good, and he was always in the front, always in the lead vehicle and throwing himself in the mix and coming out unscathed.”
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Steve Smith would do an outstanding job as captain: Kim HughesBy: Press Trust of India | Sydney | Posted: November 21, 2014 5:25 pm
As serious doubts remain over Michael Clarke’s participation in the first Test against India, Steven Smith is being looked by many as a front-runner to lead Australia in the regular skipper’s absence.
Even though vice-captain Brad Haddin is expected to step up as skipper in Clarke’s absence when Australia take on India in Brisbane in the first Test on December 4, but many have called for Smith to get his opportunity as he is seen as the long-term successor.
Former Australia captain Kim Hughes has urged Cricket Australia to roll the dice by elevating Smith to the Test captaincy if hamstrung Clarke is ruled out of the opening match for the Border-Gavaskar Trophy at the Gabba.
“What’s the point of picking Brad Haddin? Give the young bloke a go. Smith did an outstanding job in last year’s Sheffield Shield final. He batted himself at three. He led from the front. He looks a natural to me and he’d have help there in Haddin behind the stumps. Australia will have a strong bowling attack for him to play with,” Hughes told The Australian.
“It’s against India and it’s in Australia. It’s not like we’re facing the West Indies in their prime. India won’t have MS Dhoni so he’ll be going toe-to-toe with an inexperienced Indian captain. Give him a shot. My gut feeling is that he’d do an outstanding job against an average Indian side,” he said.
Echoing similar views, Australia’s cricket legend Glenn McGrath has said Smith was the man for the job.
“They’ve probably earmarked someone like Steve Smith to be next Australian captain. Maybe they wanted it a little bit further down the track but I think Smithy will do a great job. He’s captained NSW so if the opportunity came along, Steve Smith I think would be the guy to go to,” he said.
But its not just former players backing Smith for the top job, Australian wicketkeeper Matthew Wade has also backed him to lead the Test team in Clarke’s absence.
“I’m sure Michael’s going to hang around for a lot longer than what everyone thinks,” Wade told SEN radio station.
“The way that he’s gone about his business since he’s been captain and the 18 months that the Australian cricket team has, I’m sure Michael’s going to be around for a few more years, but that probably works in Smithy’s favour even better – he can get a few more Tests under his belt and take over,” Wade said.
However, not everyone is backing Smith with Mike Hussey warning that while he sees great leadership qualities in Smith, now is not the time to throw him in the deep end as Test captain.
Having turned 25 in June, Smith would become one of the youngest ever Australian Test captains, behind only Ian Craig (22, 1957) and Hughes (25 years and 57 days, 1979).

Lewis Hamilton fastest in first Abu Dhabi practiceLewis Hamilton, chasing his second title, was 0.133 seconds quicker than Mercedes team mate and rival Nico Rosberg. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Abu Dhabi | Posted: November 21, 2014 5:11 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 9:19 pm
Lewis Hamilton edged Formula One title rival Nico Rosberg in the both practice sessions Friday for the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
The British driver posted a best lap of 1 minute, 42.113 seconds in the second practice at the Yas Marina circuit to finish .083 faster than his Mercedes teammate.
Both drivers gave their super-soft tires a good run in the warm evening.
McLaren driver Kevin Magnussen of Denmark was .782 behind in third, with Sebastian Vettel, who is leaving Red Bull to join Ferrari next year, .846 adrift in fourth.
Two-time champion Fernando Alonso – preparing for his last race with Ferrari – stalled early on, causing a brief delay, and he failed to set a lap time. British driver Jenson Button, possibly preparing for his last race in F1, pitted early with a brake problem.
Hamilton beat Rosberg in the first practice, and there is a third session on Saturday before qualifying.
Hamilton, the 2008 F1 champion, leads Rosberg by 17 points. But with double points available in Sunday’s race, the German driver can secure his maiden F1 title if he wins and Hamilton finishes third.
Without the double points, Hamilton would have only needed to finish sixth to beat his childhood friend and go-karting rival.
“He has everything to lose and I have everything to win. That can make all the difference,” said Rosberg, who beat Hamilton two weeks ago in Brazil to end his run of five straight wins.
Hamilton won the Abu Dhabi GP in 2011. But he finished seventh last year, starting from fourth on the grid, and retired the year before after starting from pole.
“Abu Dhabi was one of his least good races last season,” Rosberg said. “With the car that I have this year, I can win at every track.”
Hamilton, however, should be mentally well prepared, since he is used to close finishes.
He missed out on the 2007 title with McLaren, finishing one point behind champion Kimi Raikkonen, but made amends by edging out Ferrari driver Felipe Massa by the same margin the following year.
Although he was one of four drivers in contention in the last race of the season in 2010 – also held in Abu Dhabi – Hamilton was a rank outsider for the title and finished 16 points behind Vettel, who clinched the first of his titles.
In the first practice, Hamilton clocked 1:43.476, with Rosberg finishing .133 back as both stayed out for more than 30 laps in bright sunshine.
Alonso was third best, .1708 behind, with Vettel .1858 behind in fourth.
Mercedes has crushed the competition this season, winning 15 of 18 races and securing 17 pole positions so far: 10 for Rosberg and seven for Hamilton, who leads Rosberg 10-5 in wins.
“Is there anybody out there who believes that it was continued…

The Switchboard: How Obamas immigration order fits with the tech communitys wishlistBy Hayley Tsukayama November 21 Follow @htsuka
President Obama speaks during a nationally televised address from the White House in Washington, Thursday, Nov. 20, 2014. Obama unveiled expansive executive actions on immigration Thursday night to spare nearly 5 million people in the U.S. illegally from deportation and refocus enforcement efforts on "felons, not families." (AP Photo/Jim Bourg, Pool)
Published every weekday, the Switchboard is your morning helping of handpicked stories from the Switch team.
Join us today for our weekly live chat, Switchback. We'll kick things off at 11 a.m. Eastern time. You can submit your questions now,  right here .
Obama’s immigration order gives tech community some – but not all – of what it wants The high-tech world had at least "two things to be happy about in President Obama's speech outlining executive actions he'll take on immigration," The Washington Post's Nancy Scola reported. "The first is aimed at increasing the opportunity for foreign students and recent graduates from U.S. schools to work in high-tech jobs in the United States. And the second is aimed at making it easier for foreign-born entrepreneurs to set up shop in the United States."
Aereo is filing for bankruptcy   "It looks like it's finally the end of the road for Aereo, the embattled video startup," reports The Washington Post's Brian Fung. "The company announced Friday that it was filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, weeks after it said it was laying off dozens of workers in its Boston and New York offices. In a blog post on Aereo's homepage, chief executive Chet Kanojia said the company would undergo a reorganization."
Uber hires former IBM Chief Privacy Officer to carry out internal review "The company announced today that it has hired a team of privacy experts, including Harriet Pearson – previously IBM’s Chief Privacy Officer for nearly two decades- and her colleagues at the Hogan Lovells law firm," reports The Next Web's Napier Lopez. "Pearson will be in charge of conducting a thorough review of Uber’s data privacy program and assessing changes the company needs to implement."
Google, Rockstar agree to settle patent litigation: filing "Google Inc has agreed to settle litigation with patent consortium Rockstar, though terms of the deal were not disclosed in a court filing made public this week," reports Reuters' Andrew Chung and Dan Levine. "Rockstar, which counts Apple Inc as an investor, outbid Google and paid $4.5 billion in 2011 for thousands of former Nortel Network Corp patents as the networking products supplier went bankrupt."
Google’s Project Loon can now launch up to 20 balloons per day "Google today shared an update from Project Loon, the company’s initiative to bring high-speed Internet access to remote areas of the world via hot air balloons. Google says it now has the ability to launch up to 20 of these balloons per day," reports The Next Web's Emil Protalinski. "This is in part possible because the company has improved its autofill equipment to a point where it can fill a balloon in under five minutes. This is a major achievement, given that Google says filling a Project Loon balloon with enough air so that it is ready for flight is the equivalent of inflating 7,000 party balloons."
Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post.

Aereo  embattled video startup  is filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcyBy Brian Fung November 21 Follow @b_fung
NEW YORK, NY - APRIL 22: In this photo illustration, Aereo.com, a web service that provides television shows online, is shown on an iPhone 4S on April 22, 2014 in New York City. Aereo is going head-to-head against ABC, a major television network, in a court case being heard by the Supreme Court. (Photo Illustration by Andrew Burton/Getty Images)
It looks like it's finally the end of the road for Aereo, the embattled video startup.
The company announced Friday that it was filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, weeks after it said it was laying off dozens of workers in its Boston and New York offices. In a blog post on Aereo's homepage , chief executive Chet Kanojia said the company would undergo a reorganization.
"Chapter 11 will permit Aereo to maximize the value of its business and assets without the extensive cost and distraction of defending drawn out litigation in several courts," Kanojia wrote.
Aereo's been fighting court battles for months with broadcast TV networks. The broadcasters accused Aereo of violating copyright law when it pulled live television signals from the airwaves and streamed them to customers over the Internet. In June, the Supreme Court agreed , dealing Aereo a major blow and causing it to suspend its services. Since then, Aereo has tried pretty much every legal tactic to survive.
But even as it did so, the company was bleeding money. Now, it seems, the company has concluded that bankruptcy protection is the "next logical step."
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecom, broadband and digital politics. Before joining the Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic.

India has a good tradition in tennis: Venustennis
Seven-time Grand Slam champion Venus Williams feels that the success of Vijay Amritraj, Leander Paes and Sania Mirza at the international stage proves that India has a “good tradition” in the sport.
Citing examples of some of the great Indian tennis stars, Venus said she expects the tradition to continue in future.
“India has a very good tradition in tennis. You have (Vijay) Amritraj, Leander Paes, (Sania) Mirza. I don’t see why that tradition can’t continue,” Venus told PTI in an interview in Bengaluru on Friday.
Besides seven singles title, Venus also boasts of 13 Grand Slam titles in women’s doubles along with her sister Serena.
Venus and Serena, famously known as ‘the William sisters’, once made up for the most lethal women’s doubles combination having won 13 Grand Slam titles together. The siblings have also won three Olympic gold medals in doubles and have expressed their desire to play in the 2016 Rio Games.
Venus, a former world number one player, attributes her and Serena’s success in doubles to mutual respect for each other.
“I think we both play well together and we also have good relationship. In doubles, you have to get along with your partner and respect him or her. If it is not there, then quite often the relationship deteriorates,” she said ahead of the Champions Tennis League tie between Bangalore Raptors and Hyderabad Aces.
Even though she is satisfied with her performance in 2014, Venus was eyeing to rectify the mistakes she committed in this year.
“Year 2014 is a great year for me. I had a lot of success. You keep on learning, you never stop. I expect 2015 to be another year for learning. I want to get better. Every time you lose you learn from it and after every win you look to building on the tempo,” she said.
After playing the game for more than two decades, the question of retirement is bound to creep up in any sportsperson’s mind, but Venus wants to continue as long as the desire for the game is still there.
“I don’t know. We will see,” Venus reacted when asked about her retirement plans.
“At the rate I am playing, I have been playing for a very long time and competing at highest level. But as long as I want to be here, I will like to continue.”
Venus refused the idea of becoming a coach in future after calling it a day from the game.
“No I wouldn’t be coaching, I don’t mind helping someone.
I have been playing tennis for a very long time. Tennis is my life. I see my life in other places and there are other challenges for me,” she said.
Asked about the trend of women being hired as coaches, Venus said, “Obviously women know the game. It depends though, in some cases men are good and in other cases women are good.”
In the past the US has produced some of the legends of the game in the men’s category like John McEnroe, Jimmy Connors, Jim Courier, Andre Agassi and Pete Sampras to name a few. But of late, American men’s singles players are struggling to make their presence felt at the big stage.
Asked Venus about the reason, she said: “We had many great players right since 1920s. But presently everything is not coming together. It is not easy for everything to come together — the mental, the physical and all that stuff. We had so much for so many years but there are ups and down in tennis.”
However, Venus said that there are lot of talented players in the US, but they need to be consistent in their approach to achieve success at the world stage.
“There is a lot of talent. So, you never know who would be the best player. Sometimes, best players come and vanish.
One who is persistent will excel,” she said.

Vengsarkar  Bhuvneshwar  Rohit receive BCCI awardsUpdated: November 21, 2014 20:08 IST
Vengsarkar, Bhuvneshwar, Rohit receive BCCI awards
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
BCCI interim president Shivlal Yadav presenting Col. C.K. Nayudu life time achivement award to Dilip Vengsarkar at a function in Mumbai. Photo: Vivek Bendre
The Hindu
BCCI Secretary Sanjay Patel presenting Polly Umrigar award to Bhuvneshwar Kumar. Photo: Vivek Bendre
TOPICS
award and prize
Former captain Dilip Vengsarkar on Friday received the prestigious BCCI-instituted Col. C K Nayudu Lifetime achievement award for his contribution to Indian cricket.
The 58-year-old Vengsarkar played 116 Test matches after coming into national prominence with a belligerent hundred for Mumbai against the Rest of India in the Irani Cup game at the start of the 1975-76 season.
He was a member of the Indian team that won the World Cup in 1983 and the World Championship of Cricket in 1985, and he led India in ten Tests in 1987-89. He was Chairman of the BCCI’s Talent Research Development Committee for three years, and the Chairman of the All-India Senior Selection Committee for the period, 2006-08.
“I thank BCCI for this honour. Looking at the names of players who have won the award makes me proud to be part of this select group,” said Vengsarkar.
Vengsarkar also thanked his school (King George of old and Raja Shivaji now), Podar College, Mumbai university, Dadar Union club and also former BCCI joint secretary Prof. Chandgadkar for the help they gave him during his playing days.
“I dreamed of playing for Mumbai and then for India and I enjoyed every innings, Test match, ODI and every tour as part of the Indian team,” said Vengsarkar, who received the award from Board’s interim president Shivlal Yadav.
He also wished the Indian cricket team success in the upcoming tour of Australia for which the team is to depart later tonight as well as in the World Cup that follows.
Indian medium-pacer Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Rohit Sharma, both members of the squad that is to leave for Australia tonight, were also rewarded for their stupendous displays in the season.
Kumar received the Polly Umrigar award and a cheque of Rs. 5 lakh for his superb display with the ball and bat while Sharma received a special award for slamming a world record 264 in the fourth ODI against Sri Lanka in the recent series.
“It’s a great feeling to get the award. It will motivate me to do better,” said Kumar.
List of awardees:
Col C K Nayudu Lifetime Achievement Award: Dilip Vengsarkar — Citation, trophy and cheque for Rs. 25 lakh
Polly Umrigar Award: Bhuvneshwar Kumar - Trophy and cheque for 5 lakh (263 runs, inclusive of three fifties and 22 wickets from 7 Tests, 17 wickets from 22 ODIs, 7 wickets from 7 T20 Internationals.
Special award: Rohit Sharma for scoring a world record ODI score of 264 in the fourth and penultimate match of the five-game series against Sri Lanka earlier this month.
Lala Amarnath Award for the best all rounder in Ranji Trophy 2013-14: Parvez Rasool (J & K CA) — Trophy and cheque for 2.5 lakh (663 runs and 27 wickets from 9 matches)
Lala Amarnath Award for the best all rounder in domestic limited overs domestic competitions 2013-14: R Vinay Kumar —— (KSCA) —Trophy and cheque for 2.5 lakh (113 runs and 40 wickets from 12 matches)
Madhavrao Scindia Awad for highest scorer in Ranji Trophy 2013-14: Kedar Jadhav (Maharashtra CA) — Trophy and cheque for Rs 2.5 lakh (1223 runs in 11 matches @ 87.35, inclusive of six hundreds and 2 fifties)
Madhavrao Scindia Awad for highest wicket taker in Ranji Trophy 2013-14: Rishi Dhawan (HPCA) — Trophy and cheque for Rs 2.5 lakh (49 wickets @ 20.3 in 8 matches, Inclusive of six 5WI and one 10WM)
M A Chidambaram Trophy for best under 25 cricketer 2013-14: Rahul Tripathi (Maharashtra CA) — Trophy and cheque for Rs 50,000 (797 runs @ 88.55 in 7 matches, inclusive of four centuries and one fifty, in the Col. C K Nayudu Trophy)
M A Chidambaram Trophy for best under 19 cricketer 2013-14: B Anirudh (Hyderabad CA) — Trophy and cheque for Rs 50,000 (909 runs @ 82.63 in 7 matches, inclusive of three hundreds and three fifties, in the Cooch Behar Trophy)
M A Chidambaram Trophy for best under 16 cricketer 2013-14: Shubham Gill (PCA) — Trophy and cheque for Rs 50,000 (734 runs @ 73.4 in 7 matches, inclusive of three hundreds and two fifties, in the Vijay Merchant Trophy)
M A Chidambaram Trophy for best woman cricketer 2013-14: Smriti Mandhana (Maharashtra CA) — Trophy and cheque for 50,000 (821 runs @ 136.83 in 10 matches, inclusive of four hundreds and three fifties, in the under 19 inter state women’s limited overs tournament)
Best umpire in domestic cricket 2013-14: Anil Chaudhary — Trophy and cheque for 50,000
Best overall performance in 2013-14: Maharashtra CA 13 points; Railways Sports Promotion Board 13 points.

Redskins-49ers: Five story linesRobert Griffin III. (AP)
The Washington Redskins take on the San Francisco 49ers at 4:25 p.m. Sunday at Levi’s Stadium.
The Redskins will try to snap a two-game losing streak and get the bitter taste of last week’s embarrassment against Tampa Bay out of their mouths.
The 49ers, who are nine-point favorites, have defeated Washington three straight times (27-6 in 2013, 19-11 in 2011 and 27-24 in 2008). The Redskins’ last win over San Francisco was a 52-17 blowout in 2005.
1. Griffin’s rebound: Robert Griffin III is coming off one of the most trying weeks of his career. He played poorly against the Buccaneers, unwittingly rubbed his teammates – most notably receiver DeSean Jackson – the wrong way with his post-game comments about needing everyone else to play great for him to play great, received a harsh, public critique from his head coach, and has since tried to remain “focused on San Francisco” despite scrutiny from every angle. Griffin needs a strong performance. It will not be easy against this defense, but he needs to develop better timing, settle into a rhythm and play with confidence. He can’t afford to second-guess himself or his receivers or the offense. Griffin needs to clean up his footwork, field vision and decision-making. His teammates already are beginning to lose confidence in him, and he must show them he still has an ability to lead. Meanwhile, he must prove to his coach and Redskins brass that he still does have franchise-saving potential, but that it’ll just take some time. However, the progress has to start showing. “We don’t have a lot of time,” Gruden said, “and he’s at a stage right now in his career where we need to see improvements.”
2. Team focus: Griffin isn’t the only player in need of some mental fortitude. The Redskins had far too many mental errors against the Buccaneers — penalties, turnovers and blown assignments. The mistakes kept the offense from ever finding a rhythm. On defense, they led to a second-half collapse that helped put the game out of reach. They must take care of the ball on offense, lock in on defense, nail their assignments and force turnovers. The Redskins have said they understand the sense of urgency they need, but they didn’t show it last week.
3. Left tackle: Pro Bowl left tackle Trent Williams has yet to be ruled out, but things look bleak as he continues to nurse a sprained right MCL. Williams has demonstrated an ability to play through pain, but he admitted this injury is more serious. The Redskins have prepared rookie Morgan Moses, who did a solid job last week when he took over for the veteran, to start in case Williams can’t play. Moses would have to protect Griffin’s blind side from linebacker Aldon Smith. Washington’s line has struggled to protect Griffin, whose tendency to hold onto the ball too long has put more pressure on the men in front of him. Moses must be at his absolute best, and his coaches must give him some help from tight ends or a chipping back. If the rookie struggles, it could be a long day for him, his quarterback and team.
4. Redskins pass rush: The defense has struggled mightily in this department, and the challenge only intensifies this week as Washington faces a mobile quarterback in Colin Kaepernick. Ryan Kerrigan has been the most consistent pass-rusher, but he too has struggled as of late. Jason Hatcher hasn’t provided the steady force of disruption that the team needs, either. Rookie Trent Murphy has recorded sacks in back-to-back games, and he needs to continue to improve. Look for Jim Haslett to use all kinds of tactics to generate pressure on Kaepernick. He’ll move his linebackers around and send help from his safeties. The Redskins can’t let Kaepernick get comfortable in the pocket, where he – like Griffin – has struggled. However, they have to be smart. They can’t let him break the pocket and torch them with his legs as Russell Wilson did earlier this year.
5. Rushing attacks: Both teams have reliable workhorse backs, but neither has consistently used them this season. However, Alfred Morris and Frank Gore still rank among the top 10 in the league (Morris ninth, Gore 10th) and big performances from them would go a long way toward easing pressure on their quarterbacks while helping ensure the offenses settle into a rhythm. The 49ers have in recent weeks made a renewed commitment to running the ball, and that has helped them go on a two-game win streak. Morris has fared better since Griffin returned two games ago, but Washington hasn’t won either matchup because both times, Washington has fallen behind and has had to abandon the run. On defense, Washington must contain Gore and force Kaepernick to shoulder a heavier load. Offensively, they must commit to using Morris. That will help keep the 49ers defenders from being able to key on Griffin, and also will set up the play-action attack, which could lead to big plays from Jackson.
 More from The Post:

Comcast tests service-notification app0
The firm is testing a new feature in its app that will notify customers when a technician is about 30 minutes away — more precise than the broader two-hour service windows that Comcast offers now. And if the technician gets stuck in traffic or otherwise hung up, the app will provide real-time updates on his or her progress.
"We're hoping this will prevent our customers from just needing to sit at home and wait," wrote Charlie Herrin, Comcast's senior vice president of customer experience in a company blog post. "They can check the app from the office, or wherever they are, and head home when they see we're on our way."
Comcast is well aware that its customer service leaves a lot of its subscribers wanting. Comcast executive vice president David Cohen even said at a Senate hearing last spring that it "bothers us we have so much trouble delivering high quality of service to customers on a regular basis."
The company has tried in the past to rehabilitate its image. For example, it reduced service windows from four hours to two hours all the way back in 2011. It also launched a companywide effort to change its image, with commercials that tout its promise for "on-time-all-the-time" appointments that can be scheduled during weekdays, on nights or over weekends.
A limited number of customers outside the Boston area will be the first to get to try the new tracking service, according to a company spokeswoman. Initially, the option will roll out to only a few hundred customers, but Comcast said in a company blog post that it plans to bring the service to everyone next year if the testing goes well.

United Kingdom Independence Party wins crucial by-electionpolitics
The victory of the United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) candidate, the former Conservative Member of Parliament Mark Reckless in the election for the Rochester and Strood parliamentary seat is being widely seen as marking a shift in traditional British politics in the run-up to the May 2015 general elections.
The anti-immigration and Eurosceptic political party has eaten into the base of not just the Conservative party –- which has suffered the biggest loss in vote share — but the Labour and Liberal Democratic parties as well.
The by-election was called following the defection of Mr. Reckless to the UKIP two months ago.
Mr. Reckless polled 16,867 votes, which accounts for a little over 42 per cent of the total vote. This is a lead of almost 3000 votes over Kelly Tolhurst from the Conservative Party, who came second with 13,947 votes and a 34.8 per cent vote share. The Conservative Party’s support base has fallen by 14.4 percentage points from the last elections.
The Labour Party candidate Naushabah Khan polled 6,713 votes or 16.8 per cent of the total share, which marks a fall of 11.7 percentage points from its last performance in the same constituency. The Liberal Democratic candidate performed the worst of the three mainstream parties, coming fifth with 349 votes – or 0.9 percent of the total vote.
For the UKIP leader Nigel Farage, his party’s performance reflects much more than voter disillusionment with the three mainstream parties. It represents, in his view, a positive vote for its policies.
“All bets are off for the general election,” he said after the results were announced. “If you vote UKIP, you get UKIP,” he said, adding, “the people out there who vote UKIP intend to stay with UKIP.”
That is something the Conservative Party, and its leader David Cameron, have already vowed will not happen. Mr. Cameron has predicted that his party will win back the seat in the next elections.
Nevertheless, the Rochester and Strood result is a worrisome development for the Conservative Party, as it suggests that UKIP’s Euroscepticism and anti-immigrant campaign platform may be having an impact after all on voters.
Mr. Cameron had vowed to “throw the kitchen sink” at the constituency to win it, and visited it five times during the campaign in his efforts to stall the UKIP advance.
This defeat comes not long after a similar defeat in Clacton, where like Mr. Reckless, the sitting Conservative MP Douglas Carswell defected to UKIP and re-contested the seat successfully.
The two new UKIP MPs have predicted more defections in the lead up to the elections. Mr. Farage said that many Tory MPs would be now “sucking their teeth” as they contemplated a shift to UKIP.
The Labour Party too has seen a significant loss of voter-support to UKIP. To add to its troubles, the party’s shadow attorney general Emily Thornberry was forced to resign from the Labour front bench after being accused of “sneering” by tweeting a picture of a Rochester house with St. George flags flapping from its windows, and a white van parked outside.
A furious Ed Miliband, Labour Party leader told BBC Radio 4 that the tweet gave a “misleading impression of the Labour Party’s view of that family, of disrespect”. The seriousness with which the Labour Party has reacted to what many might regard as an innocuous tweet (the image carried no accompanying comment) is a measure of its seriousness not to give up its position as the party of the working class — a position that UKIP threatens to occupy.

Dow flirts with 18 000 for first timeDow flirts with 18,000 for first time
By: Adam Shell November 21, 2014 10:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
The Dow hit another intraday high Friday. (Richard Drew, AP)
The up, up and away U.S. stock market has put the blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average within striking distance of Dow 18,000.
In early trading Friday, the Dow was up as much as 176 points, or 1%, to an intraday record high of 17,894.83, leaving it just 105 points shy of the 18,000 milestone.
The Dow got a boost today from a surprise interest rate cut from China’s central bank and fresh signs from European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi that more stimulus is in the pipeline for the ailing eurozone economy. The 30-stock Dow notched its 27th record close of 2014 on Thursday, closing at 17,190.27.
The Dow has been the beneficiary of a massive late-year rally in the U.S. that has been powered by a strong third-quarter earnings season, an improving U.S. economy, seasonal strength and now an added boost from fresh stimulus efforts from global central bankers.
The Dow is looking to close above 18,000 just 141 days after topping the 17,000 milestone for the first time on July 3.
Here is a list of Dow closes above all of its 1,000 point milestones:
The Dow is flirting with 18,000, after topping the 17,000 milestone in July. (Chart: S&P Dow Jones Indices)

Morning links: Federal court overturns Angola Three convictionBy Radley Balko November 21 Follow @radleybalko
Federal court overturns the conviction of Albert Woodfox, one of the “Angola Three.” Woodfox has not only served more than 40 years in prison, but also he has served them in solitary confinement.
The New York Times looks at the surge in undercover operations by federal officials. “In a few situations, agents have even drawn their weapons on each other before realizing that both worked for the federal government.”
Orange County, Calif., tries shaming johns on the Internet. Surely this will end prostitution once and for all.
Meanwhile, a new bill in Congress would eliminate the mens rea requirement in cases involving alleged sex trafficking. It would also expand the government’s wiretapping powers in those cases.
After a series of investigations by Nashville’s News Channel 5, a Tennessee district attorney has vowed to end civil asset forfeiture abuses by his local drug task force.
Corrupt drug cops story of the day : Two married San Diego police officers have been fired after pleading guilty to committing burglaries and dealing prescription drugs.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

CBI Director Ranjit Sinha meets Finance Minister ArunJaitelyPrint
CBI director Ranjit Sinha. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 8:49 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 9:45 pm
CBI Director Ranjit Sinha was on Friday present in a meeting of chiefs of economic investigating agencies with Finance Minister Arun Jaitely fuelling speculation over his continuance in the post in the wake of Supreme Court removing him from the 2G scam probe . The meeting lasted for nearly an hour during which issues related to economic crimes, collection of intelligence and procedural hurdles in bringing back black money were discussed, the sources said.
It, however, sparked speculation of a message being delivered by the Government for Sinha to proceed on leave but there was no official confirmation. Sinha was asked by the SC on Thursday to recuse himself from the investigations in the 2G Telecom spectrum scam. Additional Director R K Dutta has been given the charge of investigation in the case. Sources in the government said besides Sinha, the meeting was also attended by Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha and the chiefs of Enforcement Directorate, Financial Intelligence Unit among others.
Due to retire on December 2, Sinha had on Thursday suffered a major blow when the apex court removed him from the 2G probe, saying the allegations against him of protecting some accused appear to be “prima facie credible”. The court had handed over the case to the senior-most officer after Sinha in the investigating team probing the spectrum scam.

Hitler painted this watercolor  and someone may pay $60 000 for itBy Ishaan Tharoor November 21 Follow @ishaantharoor
An employee puts away a watercolor of the old registry office in Munich by Adolf Hitler at Weidler auction house in Nuremberg, Nov. 18, 2014. (Kai Pfaffenbach/Reuters)
This lackluster composition of an old municipal building in Munich was painted by Adolf Hitler in 1914 . At the time, Hitler was not yet a genocidal tyrant, but a struggling Austrian-born artist trying to make ends meet in the Bavarian capital. He would soon enlist in a local infantry regiment and fight for Germany in World War I, a key step to his later emergence as a political figure.
The painting, which is believed to be one of 2,000 painted by the Nazi dictator, is going on auction this weekend in the city of Nuremberg. Its base price is set around $5,500, but the auction house expects it to fetch at least $60,000. The work, titled "The Old City Hall," is being sold by a pair of elderly sisters . It was originally acquired by their grandfather in 1916.
"It's perfectly well done, but I'd rate its artistic value as fairly minimal," said auction house director Kathrin Weidler.
Between 1908 and 1913, Hitler had spent five years of "misery and woe," as he put it , living and toiling amid Vienna's bohemian intellectual ferment. He was not especially talented, and his resentment of aspects of Vienna's avant-garde would lead to his later classification of myriad modernist works of art as "degenerate."
"His taste in painting," writes Peter Schjeldahl , the New Yorker's art critic, "was—and remained—philistine."
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.

Nanavati Commission set up to save the skin of Narendra Modi:CongressCongress' Shaktisinh Gohil alleged that public money was "wasted" for 12 years on this commission. (Source: PTI photo )
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 9:20 pm
Congress on Friday rejected the final report of the Justice Nanavati Commission on post Godhra riots in 2002 alleging that the panel was set up to “save the skin” of the then Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi. “When the Commission was being set up, I had said that nothing will come out of this report. This Commission was set up to save the skin of Modi ji and was a wastage of public money,” party spokesperson Shaktisinh Gohil said. “This commission was hurriedly set up by the state government then so that the possibility of Centre setting up any Commission gets dismal. The state government then acted as public, prosecutor and judge in this matter,” he said.
The former CLP leader of Gujarat alleged that public money was “wasted” for 12 years on this commission and suggested that “favours” were done to Nanavati’s son by making him a public prosecutor. The Congress leader drew the media’s attention to the fact that the report was presented to Chief Minister Anandiben Patel two days after the assembly session there came to a close.
After 12 years since its formation and 24 extensions, the Nanavati Commission had on Tuesday submitted its second and final report on the 2002 post-Godhra riots in Gujarat, in which more than 1000 people, mostly from a minority community were killed, to Patel. A day later the judicial commission said that there was insufficient evidence to support allegations levelled against Modi to summon him for questioning before the panel. The panel is reported to have given a Modi clean chit in post-Godhra riots.

Maoists attack Mi-17 in Bastar  7 Air Force personnels injured  3seriousThe incident took place when a CoBRA team led by CRPF’s Chhattisgarh IG HS Siddhu had an encounter in Elmagunda forests near Chintagufa. (Picture for representation purpose only)
By: Express News Service | Raipur | Posted: November 21, 2014 11:05 pm | Updated: November 22, 2014 10:04 am
An Indian Air Force (IAF) flight gunner and a CRPF personnel were injured when Maoists fired at an Mi-17 chopper in Jagdalpur area of Chhatisgarh on Friday evening. The chopper was evacuating five other CRPF personnel who were injured in an ambush by the Naxals in Bastar region.
The aircraft later landed safely in Jagdalpur, where the two were treated. An IAF official said that they were “out of danger”. The IAF flight gunner was identified as M K Tiwari. “The Mi-17 chopper was pressed into action to evacuate five CRPF casualties. On its way back, the helicopter was fired at,” an IAF official said.
The other personnel the chopper was evacuating were injured during an encounter between a CoBRA team led by CRPF’s Chhattisgarh IG H S Siddhu and Maoists in the Elmagunda forests near Chintagufa. The IG’s gunman, Rupak Rawat was among those injured.
CRPF and state police teams have been conducting massive operations in the interior zones of Sukma district over the last week. Several teams, comprising over 5,000 personnel, have been combing the Maoist-hit area. “Over a dozen operations are going on in Bastar. This was the first instance that we faced such resistance from the Maoists. Our 5,000 personnel are still present in various areas,” Bastar IG S R P Kalluri said.
Meanwhile three personnel were injured while defusing a landmine in Bijapur district Friday.
 

In Las Vegas  Obama comes full circle on immigrationMaritza Rodriguez, from left, Leo Murrieta and Greysel Sousa are overcome with emotion while viewing President Obama's speech on immigration at Hermandad Mexicana Nacional community center in Las Vegas. (Photo by Ronda Churchill for The Washington Post)
This story has been updated.
LAS VEGAS -- In January 2013, around the start of his second term, President Obama visited Del Sol High School here to call for an overhaul of immigration law, cementing it as one of his administration's top priorities and laying out what he planned to do on the issue.
On Friday, less than a day after announcing his executive actions on immigration, he returned to the school to turn some of those plans into reality.
"Nearly two years ago, I came here, Del Sol High School, right in this gymnasium...and I said that the time had come for Congress to fix our broken immigration system and I laid out some basic principles for reform that a lot of different parties could agree on," Obama said, in a speech that echoed his Thursday night remarks announcing the policy changes.
"I cajoled and I called and I met [with members of Congress.] I told John Boehner I'd -- yes, I'll wash your car, I'll walk your dog, whatever you need to do, just call the bill. That's how democracy is supposed to work," he said. Without a House vote on a comprehensive immigration bill, he said, a year and a half has been "wasted."
"So Las Vegas, I've come back to Del Sol to tell you I'm not giving up. I will never give up. ...We're going to keep on working with members of Congress to make permanent reform a reality," he added. "But until that day comes, there are actions that I have the legal authority to take and that will help make our immigration system more fair and more just. And this morning I began to take some of those actions."
"We've known about [immigration problems] for years. And we've known we can do better," he said. "And for years, we haven't done much about it. Well, today we're doing something about it."
Many here are ecstatic that the president chose to officially sign his immigration actions here. But that excitement is tempered with the awareness that most significant changes will only come through congressional passage of immigration reform -- and that Obama's executive actions might not outlast his presidency.
"It's full circle," said Ebeth Palafox, the Nevada deputy director for Mi Familia Vota, an advocacy organization. "He's bringing it back home for the second time."
The president's appearance here was deeply symbolic.   Nearly two-thirds of Del Sol students are Hispanic. Its Newcomer Academy -- what the Clark County School District calls a "school within a school" -- gives intense English language instruction to many students  who are not fluent in the language.
Blanca Gamez, 25, a DREAMer who was supposed to attend Del Sol but attended a magnet school instead, said that she has many friends who are students or graduates -- and that many of them are undocumented.
Nevada has the nation's highest percentage of undocumented immigrants -- roughly 8 percent of the state's population, according to the Pew Research Center -- and of students who have at least one undocumented parent. Eighteen percent of students here fit into that category. Nevada also has the highest percentage of undocumented immigrants in its work force, with 10 percent of all employees lacking proper documentation.
"This is a huge victory for our community," activist Astrid Silva told a crowd gathered here at the Hermandad Mexicana Nacional community center here Thursday night to watch Obama's announcement. Moments later, Obama would mention Silva in his speech -- a reference that came as a complete surprise, she said.
People applauded and whooped at the broadcast as the president walked to the podium that evening. When he said that there are “actions I have the legal authority to take as president” the crowd shouted: "yes, yes!" People cried and held hands throughout the speech, erupting when Astrid Silva’s name was announced. One woman who was dabbing her eyes with a tissue throughout Obama's address blew a kiss to the president's televised image as he walked away from the podium.
A few miles and a world away from the community center, where the Latin Grammys were being held at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on the Las Vegas strip, Obama's announcement literally stopped the show. Lorena Palos was supposed to be at the Grammys, mingling with celebrities on the red carpet and acting as a seat-filler for artists who left or did not yet show up to their seats during the show. The 18-year-old had a pink gown picked out for the occasion, but it remained in her closet Thursday night. She skipped the show to watch Obama deliver his remarks.
Palos received deferred action two years ago. She was born in Mexico and came to the United States at age six. Her parents remain undocumented, but she has a sibling who is an American citizen.
“I knew I didn’t want to miss this,” she said. “We’ve been fighting for this for so long. It’s not right to say that I’ll find out about this later for something so big.”
She texted her parents during the speech.
“It’s a weight lifted off our shoulders,” she said. “I don’t think there could be a more historic moment. This is a moment that will live forever in the immigrant community.”
But despite the elation and anticipation of seeing Obama again talk about immigration on their home turf, many here tempered their response with caveats. The reprieve is temporary. Congress still needs to pass legislation. And people must be on guard for scam artists.
"There may be a lot of people who don't benefit," Silva told the crowd before the speech. And despite the excitement, she strongly urged people to wait until clear guidelines are released before acting. "Tomorrow there's no application. We've got to be patient."
Lucy Flores, a former state assemblywoman and lieutenant governor candidate, spearheaded a law to crack down on so-called immigration consultants who take advantage of undocumented people. Flores said she is concerned that there will be a "large volume of fraud and taking advantage of immigrants" as people start applying, and urged people, advocates, law enforcement and others to be aware of such scams.
Silva said her father was taken advantage of by a man claiming to be an immigration lawyer. She said her father didn't know that he had an order of deportation against him until it was served. Silva said that she's not sure if she's going to meet Obama, or even attend his speech at Del Sol. Ahead of the president's appearance Friday, she said she had a few things to tell him, if they do meet at the school.
She said she would "tell him that our families are still going to keep fighting because we can’t stop here. We need to have a law passed through Congress, and we need Congress to do something about it."
 

The undocumented immigrant population explained  in 7 mapsBy Niraj Chokshi November 21 Follow @NirajC
President Obama’s immigration announcement this week shed light on what has become a swelling national problem: the more than 11 million immigrants living, working and establishing families in the United States illegally. His decision to act on his own hardly addresses that whole population or what politicians of all stripes describe as a broken immigration system, but it will nonetheless affect millions.
A new report this week from the Pew Research Center offers an updated and varied look at not only where those 11.2 immigrants live, but also how that population has changed. Here’s a look at 7 maps from the Pew report that offer some insight into the immigrant population by state:
1. The share of students with an undocumented parent
(Pew Research Center report on unauthorized immigrants)
A key part of Obama’s announcement was aimed at the undocumented parents of children living here legally. Here’s how The Post’s David Nakamura explained it :
In an evening address from the White House, Obama outlined a plan to provide administrative relief and work permits to as many as 3.7 million undocumented parents of U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents, as well as an additional 300,000 young immigrants who were brought to the country illegally as children.
Pew estimates that 4 million undocumented immigrant parents lived with their U.S.-born minor or adult children in 2012. The map above offers a look at the population of minor children — at least those in kindergarten through 12th grade — with at least one undocumented parent.
Nationally roughly 1 in 15 — 6.9 percent — of K-12 students lived with an undocumented parent, according to Pew’s estimate. And the majority of those children were estimated to have been born in the United States. Nevada was home to the largest share — nearly 18 percent. That share was just above 13 percent in California and Texas, and exactly 11 percent in Arizona. It was as low as 0.1 percent in North Dakota and West Virginia.
2. The total unauthorized population
(Pew Research Center report on unauthorized immigrants)
The map above shows the total undocumented immigrant population for each state, which largely reflects state populations overall. California, the most populous state, is home to the most: nearly 2.5 million undocumented immigrants. Texas is home to nearly 1.7 million. Six states — Maine, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Vermont and West Virginia — have fewer than 5,000 undocumented immigrants. Nationally, there are 11.2 million such immigrants in all.
3. The undocumented immigrant share of each state’s population
(Pew Research Center report on unauthorized immigrants)
While the previous map showed absolute numbers of undocumented immigrants by state, the map above shows the share of each state’s population they account for.
Undocumented immigrants make up a larger share of the population in Nevada — 7.6 percent — than in any other state. In California and Texas, undocumented immigrants account for 6.3 percent of the overall population, while they make up 5.8 percent in New Jersey and 4.8 percent in Florida. Just 0.2 percent of the population in Maine and West Virginia is undocumented.
4. The undocumented share of each state’s immigrant population
(Pew Research Center report on unauthorized immigrants)
The map above tells a slightly different story. It shows what share of each state’s total immigrant population is living in the United States illegally.
In nine states, at least 40 percent of the overall immigrant population is estimated to be here illegally. Arkansas is ranked first, with 45 percent of its immigrants being undocumented.
Maine’s immigrants are virtually all living in the United States legally, with just 6 percent of its immigrant population being undocumented. Vermont is next with 9 percent, followed by North Dakota with 10 percent.
5. The share of workers in each state who are undocumented
(Pew Research Center report on unauthorized immigrants)
More than 1 in 10 workers in Nevada are undocumented, according to Pew’s estimates, making it the state where such immigrants make up the largest share of the labor force.
Undocumented immigrants account for more than 5 percent of the labor force in 14 states overall. And they account for less than 1 percent of the work force in six states: West Virginia, Maine, Montana, Vermont, North Dakota and South Dakota.
6. The Mexican share of the undocumented population
(Pew Research Center report on unauthorized immigrants)
Just over half — 52 percent — of the undocumented population nationwide is Mexican, according to Pew. But rates vary wildly by state.
In the border states of New Mexico and Arizona — and farther north in Idaho and Wyoming — more than 4 in 5 undocumented immigrants are Mexican. The size of the immigrant population was too small in six states to get accurate estimates, while Mexicans accounted for fewer than 1 in 10 undocumented immigrants in four states.
7. The undocumented population rose in 7 states and fell in 14 since 2009
From 2009 to 2012, 21 states saw statistically significant changes in their undocumented population. Populations rose in seven states and fell in 14.
The seven states included five along the East Coast — Florida, Maryland, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Virginia — as well as Idaho and Nebraska.
Niraj Chokshi reports for GovBeat, The Post's state and local policy blog.

Comcast SportsNet launches marketing campaign over possible Dish Network blackoutBy Dan Steinberg November 21 Follow @dcsportsbog
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
Midway through Thursday night’s Caps-Avalanche broadcast on Comcast SportsNet, play-by-play man Joe Beninati began a rather unusual read. He informed viewers of a potential upcoming service issue for Dish Network subscribers, and directed concerned viewers to a new Web site — IWantCSNMA.com .
That likely won’t be the last time CSN viewers hear about this issue. Comcast SportsNet Mid-Atlantic this week launched a marketing campaign focused on Dish subscribers, featuring live reads from broadcasters, banners ads, social media updates and a 30-second spot promoting the network’s offerings.
“DISH may drop Comcast SportsNet; TAKE ACTION, CALL DISH NOW!” the new Web site screams. “You may lose Comcast SportsNet Mid-Atlantic. Comcast SportsNet delivers more than 400 live sporting events a year, so you won’t get the Redskins, Ravens, Wizards, Capitals, D.C. United or ACC on CSN. TAKE ACTION NOW – TELL DISH YOU DEMAND TO KEEP YOUR COMCAST SPORTSNET!”
The Dish contracts for four CSN regional networks — CSN Chicago, CSN Mid-Atlantic, CSN Bay Area and CSN California — expire in the first week of December, according to Multichannel News . A fifth, CSN New England, hasn’t been available on DISH since August, according to the Multichannel News report. CSN Chicago began a similar marketing campaign on Thursday, asking viewers “What if you could no longer watch all your local Bulls, Blackhawks, Sox and Cub games?” according to Broadcasting & Cable .
For its part, Dish blamed the dispute on CSN’s demands.
“Comcast SportsNet is demanding a 40 percent price increase for more than 90 percent of DISH customers in each of the affected markets, when only a small fraction of those consumers actually watch the channels,” DISH said in a statement given to The Post and other outlets. “This heavy-handed tactic is troubling given Comcast’s proposed merger with Time Warner Cable that would allow it to exercise even more power to leverage programming content in anti-competitive ways.”
CSN Mid-Atlantic — the local broadcast home for most Caps and Wizards games, and for the official Redskins and Ravens pre- and post-game shows — issued a statement of its own.
“With the upcoming expiration of our agreement, we are growing increasingly concerned that DISH is not willing to work toward mutually acceptable terms for continuing carriage of Comcast SportsNet Mid-Atlantic,” the statement says. “This unwillingness to recognize the value of our live game coverage of the Wizards, Capitals, DC United and ACC, as well as exclusive Ravens and Redskins programming, is disappointing. Comcast SportsNet Mid-Atlantic is simply asking DISH to meet fair market value and the terms that have already been established with our other distribution partners. We feel that the time is right to inform the passionate viewers of Comcast SportsNet Mid-Atlantic that they may soon be unable to watch their favorite Washington and Baltimore teams via DISH’s service.”
Dish has 14 million U.S. customers, according to the network , making it the country’s third-largest pay-TV provider. It has also been in a long-running dispute with CBS over carrying its owned-and-operated stations; this week the companies agreed on a short-term extension as they continue to negotiate. Separately, Dish and Turner Broadcasting have squabbled over negotiations ; Turner also launched a Web site urging subscribers to complain to Dish .
DISH has also disagreed with the Big Ten Network over post-expansion costs in recent months, leaving subscribers in New Jersey and Maryland unable to watch Rutgers and University of Maryland coverage on BTN.
Update: Later Friday, NBCUniversal issued another statement on the matter:
“We are seeking to license our regional sports networks to DISH on the same terms that other distributors have accepted for this programming. Our rates are reflective of the very high value of this programming, a value that is recognized by consumers through the increased ratings for these RSNs. Collectively, these RSNs present 2,200 live sporting events annually, and live sports account for the vast majority of the highest rated programming in the country. Comcast has nothing to do with this dispute, which is 100 percent created by DISH’s unwillingness to negotiate for comparable terms of carriage set by the market. As with DISH’s current disputes with Turner and CBS, and its well-established history of unreasonable negotiating tactics that unfairly target consumers, this dispute is not at all impacted by Comcast’s pending merger with Time Warner Cable.” – NBCUniversal
Dan Steinberg writes about all things D.C. sports at the D.C. Sports Bog.

Thanks from Silicon ValleyBy Vivek Wadhwa November 21 Follow @wadhwa
President Obama did the right thing. (Jim Bourg/Bloomberg)
I had expected — or feared — that President Obama would once again let Silicon Valley down with his executive order on immigration. But he hasn’t. The president has done practically everything in his power to address the needs of the technology community. The larger problem is that this is a only band-aid. What is worse is that this will likely be the only immigration reform we see in the near future. It will take many years for the wounds to heal from the battles that will now start.
There are more than one million immigrant doctors, scientists, engineers, and teachers who entered the country legally and are stuck in limbo while they wait for permanent resident visas, which are in short supply. It can take decades for people of some nationalities to get a green card, and once the application process has started, they cannot change jobs without getting to the back of the queue. Employers know that these workers won’t be leaving them, so they often take advantage of the situation by offering lower salary increases and lesser roles. The president’s executive order provides “portable work authorization,” which means that they will be able to change jobs. This is a big deal because it will fix one of the issues that opponents of skilled immigration have complained the most about: The salary differential between people on H-1B visas and American workers. No longer can skilled immigrants be considered “cheap labor.”
As well, this fixes another major problem: the purgatory that spouses of H-1B workers have been placed in. Highly skilled professionals — mostly women — have seen their careers stagnate and been confined to their homes because they were not allowed to work. The administrative order authorizes work visas for the spouses of immigrants who have filed for permanent resident visas. This is a huge step forward.
The president also announced administrative changes to improve the processing of visas, expanded immigration options for foreign entrepreneurs, and extensions to training visas for foreign students.  These are all good, but the devil is in the details. It really depends on how the immigration bureaucracy interprets these orders and what additional hurdles are placed in the way of skilled immigrants.
What the president didn’t announce was an increase in the numbers of temporary and permanent resident visas and a proper Start-up Visa. This is a big concern — because these are the core needs of Silicon Valley. It needs more highly skilled workers and tens of thousands of new start-ups.
The extreme wing of the Republican Party is now likely to go on the warpath because the president used his executive privileges and cut them out of the decision process. They will likely spread more misinformation about immigration and poison the waters even more. They will accuse Obama of providing amnesty to the undocumented, say that foreigners are taking American jobs away, and spread false rumors. The truth will be a casualty of these battles and large segments of the American population will rally against all immigration. So this executive order may be the last progress we see on immigration for many years—until the anger has subdued.
The tragedy is that millions of undocumented workers were left out of the executive order and hundreds of thousands of skilled immigrants will still remain in limbo. The tens of thousands of entrepreneurs who would have come to the United States to start their companies will not be able to do so and the brain drain will continue. The only hope now is that sanity does prevail — and that level-headed Republicans work with the Democrats to craft legislation to do what is right for America.
Vivek Wadhwa is a fellow at Rock Center for Corporate Governance at Stanford University, director of research at Center for Entrepreneurship and Research Commercialization at Duke, and distinguished fellow at Singularity University. His past appointments include Harvard Law School, University of California Berkeley, and Emory University.

The Michael Brown grand jurors have a wide range of criminal statutes to consider -- along with the testimony that they alone have had the opportunity to hearBy Paul Cassell November 21
A grand jury has declined to indict police officer Darren Wilson in the shooting death of 18-year-old Michael Brown. Here is a look back at the events following the August shooting. (Gillian Brockell and Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)
A St. Louis County grand jury is considering whether or not to charge Officer Darren Wilson in the shooting of Michael Brown. While we don’t yet have all the specific facts in the case, it is possible to look in detail at the governing Missouri state law.  While I blogged on this issue back in August, it may be useful to review the law again as the grand jury deliberates.
Under Missouri law, the most serious possible charge is first-degree murder . The relevant statute provides that “[a] person commits the crime of murder in the first degree if he knowingly causes the death of another person after deliberation upon the matter.” This charge seems quite improbable, even accepting the version of the facts most favorable to Brown’s supporters, because it would be difficult to show that the officer deliberated before killing Brown.  Such facts as have emerged suggest a very “brief encounter,” as developed in this St. Louis Post-Dispatch analysis of Wilson’s radio logs .
This leads, then, to second-degree murder which, as relevant here, applies where a person “[k]nowingly causes the death of another person . . . .” To act “knowingly” means to act in a way that producing a result (here, death) is almost certain. So Wilson seems to have knowingly shot and killed Brown. Would this automatically be second-degree murder?
Of course not, because not every police killing is second-degree murder. Police are authorized to use force in appropriate situations. Missouri has a broad statute authorizing police officers to use force when making arrests, including deadly force. The statute provides (in relevant part):
3. A law enforcement officer in effecting an arrest or in preventing an escape from custody is justified in using deadly force only
. . .
(2) When he reasonably believes that such use of deadly force is immediately necessary to effect the arrest and also reasonably believes that the person to be arrested
(a) Has committed or attempted to commit a felony; or
(b) Is attempting to escape by use of a deadly weapon; or
(c) May otherwise endanger life or inflict serious physical injury unless arrested without delay.
This statute is patently unconstitutional, at least to the extent that it purports to authorize deadly force to apprehend any fleeing felon regardless of the danger of that felon. While interesting issues can arise about the extent to which a criminal defendant can rely on an unconstitutional statute, my sense (without having researched the issue in detail) is that the statute will be construed to authorize deadly force only to the extent consistent with the Supreme Court’s decision in Tennessee v. Garner , that is, deadly force is permissible when the fleeing suspect posed “a threat of serious physical harm, either to the officer or to others.”  (Several days ago, a 15-member commission was sworn in to investigate possible reforms in the wake of the shooting — fixing this statute seems like one obvious recommendation.)
Robert VerBruggen at RealClearPolicy has helpfully tracked down the current Missouri jury instruction on deadly force by law enforcement.  It took a bit of legwork because the Missouri judiciary does not make its jury instructions available to the public online.  Other states, such as my home state of Utah, make their jury instructions readily available.  Given that jury instructions can effectively have the force of law (as this case illustrates) and given the tremendous public interest in issues such as the circumstances under which police can use deadly force, perhaps the 15-member commission might also recommend that the Missouri court system move its jury instructions from behind an expensive paywall and to a publicly-accessible platform.
The current Missouri jury instruction on deadly force provides:
A law enforcement officer is justified in using deadly force to effect an arrest and such use of deadly force is lawful if:
First, the law enforcement officer is making or attempting to make a lawful arrest or what he reasonably believed to be a lawful arrest and the law enforcement officer reasonably believed that the use of force was necessary to effect the arrest or to prevent the escape of the offender, and
Second, the law enforcement officer reasonably believed that he offender was attempting to escape by the use of a deadly weapon or would endanger life or inflict serious physical injury unless arrested without delay, and the law enforcement officer reasonably believed that the use of deadly force was immediately necessary to effect the arrest of the offender.
Notice that the statute allows deadly force only when “immediately necessary” to effect an arrest. If Brown had his hands up and was clearly and obviously attempting to surrender, then deadly force would not be justified, and the shooting would be second-degree murder.
Notice further that the statute also provides a defense where the officer has a “reasonable belief” that certain facts exist – that would seem to provide a defense where the officer reasonably, but mistakenly, believed that he was facing a threat of serious physical harm. This is consistent with case law in the deadly force area that tends to give the officers some leeway, such as the Supreme Court decision in Graham v. Connor which held that “the calculus of reasonableness must embody allowance for the fact that police officers are often forced to make split-second judgments—in circumstances that are tense, uncertain, and rapidly evolving—about the amount of force that is necessary in a particular situation.” In combination, the Graham decision and the Garner decision give police officers some leeway in making the assessment of when to use deadly force, as this Washington Post article summarizes .  Missouri law also makes clear that the police officer has no “duty to retreat” when attempting to make an arrest.  The deadly force statute specifically provides that “[a] law enforcement officer need not retreat or desist from efforts to effect the arrest, or from efforts to prevent the escape from custody, of a person he or she reasonably believes to have committed an offense because of resistance or threatened resistance of the arrestee.”
So, if justification exists (and I set to one side the issue of who bears the burden of proof on the issue and by what standard), then even though an intentional killing has occurred, no crime has been committed. But what about an intermediate case, such as where an officer acts in what he thinks is a need for self-defense but misjudges the need to use deadly force? In that situation, Missouri law (like other states around the country) recognizes a mitigation described as “imperfect self-defense.” This reduces a crime that would otherwise be murder down to involuntary manslaughter. See, e.g., State v. Frost, 49 S.W.3d 212, 220-21 (Mo. Ct. App. 2001). In situations where the officer acted recklessly, the crime would be a Class C felony. In situations where the officer acted with criminal negligence, the crime would be a Class D felony.
There are three other possibilities for state criminal charges. What if Wilson got into a fight with Brown and then, enraged by the mutual combat, shot him? That would not be second-degree murder but, instead, would be reduced to the crime of voluntary manslaughter . This would be a situation where the officer would have acted “under influence of sudden passion,” a long-standing legal theory that Eugene Volokh discussed at length on Thursday .
The final possible charge is involuntary manslaughter .  Let’s assume that Wilson recklessly caused the death of Brown.  If so, he has committed the crime of first degree involuntary manslaughter, a Class C felony.  My sense is that this is not a likely charge.  Everyone seems to agree that Wilson intentionally or knowingly caused death.  Recklessly causing death applies in situations where a person is aware of a risk of death, and chooses to move forward with risky conduct.  A classic example is a person who speeds in his car through a city street, striking a pedestrian. Wilson was not risking the death of Brown, he was trying to cause of the death of Brown.  Recklessness in assessing the need to use force would probably be better analyzed under the imperfect self-defense provision recounted above.
Second degree manslaughter in Missouri involves someone who causes death with criminal negligence and is a Class D felony.  Here again, I’m not sure that this really fits the facts, as Wilson did not negligently cause death.  Instead, criminal negligence in assessing the need to use force would be considered under the imperfect self-defense statute above.
These are the possible state law charges.  All of these charges involve a victim — Brown.  I have explained earlier that , under Missouri’s crime victims’ rights statute, Brown should be regarded as a victim, and his representative (e.g., his parents) should be afforded certain rights, such as the right to be informed of the status of the case.
A federal investigation is also ongoing in the case, although (as I have argued earlier) federal charges would be more difficult to file in this situation than state charges.
Now, what to make of all these possibilities? It should be useful for everyone interested in this case to understand the details of the Missouri criminal code.  With an understanding of the criminal code in mind, it will then be possible as grand jury testimony is released ( as appears likely ) to make an informed judgment about whether the grand jury appropriately approved or failed to approve the filing of criminal charges.
What the Missouri statutes make clear is that proving a crime in the Brown shooting will require close attention to the details, particularly details about Wilson’s state of mind. Even if he made a mistake in shooting, that will not be enough to support criminal charges so long as his mistake was reasonable — a determination in which the officer will receive some benefit of the doubt because of the split-second judgments that he had to make. And, of course, if it turns out that Brown was in fact charging directly toward the officer (as some reports have suggested), the officer’s actions will likely have been justified under state law, and no charges should be filed. Trial lawyers know that one thing above all else decides criminal cases: the facts. And, unlike the rest of us, the 12 members of the grand jury uniquely have access to those facts.
Paul G. Cassell teaches criminal law, criminal procedure, and crime victims' rights at the S.J. Quinney College of Law at the University of Utah.

With law school enrollments down  the job outlook for law school graduates is improving.Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

Civil rights groups are split when it comes to net neutrality( departmentofed )
The heated debate in Washington over a critical policy measure that could shape the future of the Internet has created a peculiar split among traditional allies. A number of civil rights organizations and diversity groups overwhelmingly back a proposal that would lightly regulate telecom providers and broadband companies. But other groups representing minorities as well as consumer advocates and other public interest groups want to make sure that Internet service providers are regulated closely to be sure they don't slow down the traffic speeds of Web sites they don't like.
The strange juxtaposition can be plainly observed in the letters sent by these groups to the Federal Communications Commission, which is responsible for establishing the new so-called "net neutrality" policy. Nearly 100 organizations, consisting largely of Asian- and Hispanic-American groups, have asked the commission to aggressively regulate broadband providers such as Time Warner Cable or Verizon. The letter, which is signed by Color of Change, Presente, the National Hispanic Media Coalition and others, asks FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler to start regulating Internet providers under Title II of the Communications Act — the same step proposed by President Obama recently when he asked the FCC for tougher Internet rules himself.
"The fight for an open Internet is not just about broadband access and corporate investment," the letter reads. "It is also a fight for real representation for the most vulnerable constituencies in the United States."
Roughly four dozen minority organizations , many of them representing African-Americans, have opposed aggressive regulations on Internet providers — mostly on the grounds that stiff rules could discourage broadband companies from upgrading networks in poorer neighborhoods. They also argue that new broadband business models, such as exempting certain Web services from consumers' data caps, helps encourage the adoption of Internet among minorities and the poor. But this practice, known as "zero rating," cuts against the principle of net neutrality because it requires Internet providers to be able to give some Web services, like music apps, priority over others.
"Some prioritization may be good considering it allows us to address and answer some of the barriers to adoption we see," said Nicol Turner-Lee, vice president of the Minority Media and Telecommunications Council, one of the groups that supports lighter regulation.
But the letter from diversity organizations supporting stiffer rules warns that network upgrades aren't the only issue at stake. The pushback suggests civil rights groups aren't united on how best to secure the free flow of Web data.
"The open Internet has given our communities the rare opportunity to ensure our stories are told accurately, in our own voices," the letter reads. See more of it below.
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecom, broadband and digital politics. Before joining the Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic.

Jon Stewart  Stephen Colbert try to crack each other upBy Emily Yahr November 21 Follow @emilyyahr
(screengrab from Comedy Central)
Time for one more Jon Stewart-Stephen Colbert lovefest before Colbert goes to host “The Late Show” — very specially timed to the fact that Jon Stewart has a movie to promote .
“My guest tonight is the host of the liberal, elitist ‘The Daily Show’ and executive producer of the Emmy Award-winning ‘Colbert Report,’” Colbert announced on Thursday’s show. “Please welcome Jon Stewart!”
He ran over to a table where Stewart was already seated as the crowd erupted into applause and started chanting “Stephen! Stephen! Stephen!” Stewart tried (and failed) not to laugh, which quickly became the theme of the interview for both. A little more difficult for Colbert, who rarely breaks character.
“Welcome to my parlor, said the spider to the fly,” Colbert announced, reminding everyone of his “Daily Show” past. “I’ve been inside the belly of the beast, I used to work for you. I remember things you said behind closed doors, and tonight I can reveal that for 15 years, I used to be over there with your writers with their opium bongs. How many writers do you have Jon? Fifty? How many writers?”
“Behind closed doors, I only quote rabbinical text,” Stewart explained. “You know that. There is no dark secret, there is no hidden agenda, I am merely an arbiter of biblical law. You know that, you understand that, and  you’ve been there. If you want to have a Talmudic discussion, I’m happy to have it.”
Yeah, the rest of the interview went pretty much like that. At the end, the two dropped all acts and embraced as Colbert thanked Stewart for coming on one of his last shows. The final episode of “The Colbert Report” airs Dec. 18. “I’m so glad you’re on my show before the show is over,” Colbert said as the two hugged. “This is so lovely.”
Watch Stewart’s appearance here:
and Part 2:

The University of California just jacked up its tuition. Why your state could be next.By Danielle Douglas-Gabriel November 21 Follow @DaniDougPost
Student protesters block the entrance to a parking garage outside a meeting of the University of California Board of Regents this week in San Francisco. A committee of the Regents approved Janet Napolitano's approved raising tuition by 5 percent in each of the next five years. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg)
There's a game of chicken going on between public universities and states across the country over how to fund schools—and students and parents are losing.
In California this week, the University of California's governing board voted in favor of increasing tuition 27.6 percent over five years across the 10-campus system, over the protests of hundreds of students. The idea to raise tuition began as a way for the president of the university system, Janet Napolitano, to pressure Gov. Jerry Brown to hand over more money to head off the increase. Brown failed to offer money from the state budget, and now parents and students will have to foot the bill.
The same story is playing out in many parts of the country. During the recession, many states slashed their funding to public universities, causing schools to raise their tuition levels. Now that the economy has picked up again, states' budgets are healthier. But their funding of schools is still far below their pre-recession levels.
Since the start of the recession, states have cut higher education funding by 23 percent per student, according to  the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , a think tank. As a result, the sticker price at public colleges has risen an average 28 percent above the rate of inflation since the 2007-2008 school year.
California's university system has long been upheld as a model for delivering premier education at affordable prices. But state budget cuts are threatening that reputation.
Starting in 2008 during the recession, California started cutting $1 billion a year in support for the university system. To make up for that loss, the university has raised tuition by roughly 60 percent since then. Things got better in the last two years as the state upped its contribution, which now accounts for $2.8 billion of the university's roughly $7 billion operating budget. Yet that's still $460 million short of 2008 funding levels.
These days, tuition and fees in California's system --$12,192 for residents and $35,000 for out-of-state students-- are higher than the national average of $9,139 a year for in-state students and $22,958 for those attending out of state.
And California is not nearly in the worst shape compared to other public university systems in the country. As you can see below, state funding for Arizona's schools are at nearly half their levels pre-recession. Only two states—Alaska and North Dakota—have increased their funding since 2008.
It was easier for states to explain away massive divestment in higher education when the economy was teetering on the bring of collapse, but as the economy and state budgets recover, albeit slowly, schools are less willing to accept that states can't step up to keep costs down.
The showdown between Napolitano and Brown arrives as the state embarks on a $68 billion high-speed rail project, an issue some board members raised in questioning the government's priorities.
Tuition at University of California campuses has been frozen for the last three years, despite budget cuts and reduced state spending. Napolitano, a former head of Homeland Security and Arizona governor,  said the university  would need more funding or to raise prices to hire staff and cover rising retirement costs.
"State revenues are just now getting back to pre-recession levels," said Michael Mitchell, a policy analyst at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. "There's a tension and a question of are states going to try and reinvest in higher education? Or are they going to continue to have tuition increases supplant what used to be state dollars?"
Supplanting state dollars with tuition increases, he said, is exactly what state policymakers did coming out of this recession and the one in the early 2000s. Forty-two states, nevertheless, have increased funding per student by an average $449 in the last year. Still, the average state is spending $2,026 less per student than before the recession.
To remedy this shortfall, Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) on Thursday proposed federal matching grants to states that increase funding levels. His plan, part of a broader higher education bill, has been discussed for months as the senate considers re-authorization of the Higher Education Act.
It's uncertain whether Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.), who is set to chair the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, will take up the issue in the next Congress. He has pegged state divestment in higher education as an outgrowth of higher Medicaid spending brought on by the president’s health care law, and would prefer Washington to get out of the way, not add new mandates.
In the meantime, University of California students are looking to Sacramento, where the legislature will start negotiating the school budget in January. Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom gave students a glimmer of hope Thursday when he predicted the state would try to boost funding to avoid a tuition increase in the fall.
 

Wall Street up on China  ECB stimuli but off highsWall Street drops with energy shares; global data disappoints
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Energy <.SPNY> was easily the worst-performing S&P sector, down 3.8 percent, as Brent crude  fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year. The index is down more than 10 percent for the year, making it the only one of the 10 major S&P sectors in negative territory for the year. [O/R]
But most growth-oriented sectors were down on Monday as well, suggesting investors were avoiding riskier areas of the market.
Data showed China's exports grew at a slower-than-expected pace and imports dropped 6.7 percent in November, while Japan's economy shrank more than expected in the third quarter.
In response to falling oil prices, ConocoPhillips  said its capital budget for 2015 would drop 20 percent to $13.5 billion. Conoco shares lost 3.6 percent.
"I think people are looking at the potential ripple effects from the slide in oil. You're seeing some of these ripple effects today," said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles.
Several of the year's biggest gainers also sold off, which may be due to some year-end profit-taking, James said. Among them, Apple  was down 2.4 percent, while GoPro  shares were down 5.3 percent.
Volume picked up after midday, while the S&P 500 moved more than 21 points from its high for the day to its low, its largest high-to-low swing in more than a month.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 118.34 points, or 0.66 percent, to 17,840.45, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 16.76 points, or 0.81 percent, to 2,058.61 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 47.53 points, or 0.99 percent, to 4,733.22.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,197 to 870, for a 2.53-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,942 issues fell and 772 advanced for a 2.52-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
Concerns over the global economy were offset by signs of strength in the U.S. economy, including Friday's payrolls report. The S&P 500 closed Friday's session with its 49th record of the year, and is up more than 11 percent from an October low.
McDonald's  shares lost 3.7 percent after the fast-food restaurant chain reported a steeper-than-expected fall in global same-restaurant sales in November and said fourth-quarter results would be hurt by a supplier scandal in China and a stronger dollar.
(Editing by Bernadette Baum and Meredith Mazzilli)

Two-car families are on the decline8
Although America leads the way in global car purchases -- about 57% of U.S. households have two or more cars -- major cities across the country have seen a decline in ownership.
In New York City, only about 14% of households own two or more cars, auditing firm KPMG said Tuesday at the L.A. Auto Show. In Los Angeles, that figure is much higher at nearly 48%, but still lower than the national average. 
Newest cars, trends from the L.A. Auto Show Open link
Over the next 25 years, the number of two-car households will drop to 43% because of on-demand services such as Uber and Lyft in urban areas, the Holland-based company said.  
The argument for owning a car is only getting weaker, according to KPMG -- spending about $30,000 for something that loses 11% of its value when driven off the lot, and then sits unused for much of the time, is not the most sound investment. 
The upshot is that the future of automotive supply and demand will look much different. Vehicle turnover will probably be quicker, while shared vehicles would be used efficiently. 

Newest cars  trends from the L.A. Auto ShowL.A. Auto Show: Favorite cars, craziest concepts and everything you need to see
Caption Seen at the 2014 L.A. Auto Show: Smaller SUVs, bigger wheels and ... champagne flutes?
Car culture and Los Angeles go hand in hand. Reporters Sarah Hashim-Waris and Trishna Patel review some of the more quirky, convenient and posh auto industry trends for every driver at the 2014 L.A. Auto Show.
Car culture and Los Angeles go hand in hand. Reporters Sarah Hashim-Waris and Trishna Patel review some of the more quirky, convenient and posh auto industry trends for every driver at the 2014 L.A. Auto Show.
Caption Seen at the 2014 L.A. Auto Show: Smaller SUVs, bigger wheels and ... champagne flutes?
Car culture and Los Angeles go hand in hand. Reporters Sarah Hashim-Waris and Trishna Patel review some of the more quirky, convenient and posh auto industry trends for every driver at the 2014 L.A. Auto Show.
Car culture and Los Angeles go hand in hand. Reporters Sarah Hashim-Waris and Trishna Patel review some of the more quirky, convenient and posh auto industry trends for every driver at the 2014 L.A. Auto Show.
Caption Trials bike on Land Rover obstacle course
Trials rider Eric Storz tries out the obstacle course built by Land Rover for the L. A. Auto Show.
Trials rider Eric Storz tries out the obstacle course built by Land Rover for the L. A. Auto Show.
Caption L.A. Auto Show: Wifi access demonstration in Chevrolet Trax
L.A. Auto Show: Wifi access demonstration in Chevrolet Trax
L.A. Auto Show: Wifi access demonstration in Chevrolet Trax
Caption L.A. Auto Show: The Toyota iRoad
The iRoad is Toyota's small, three-wheeled, electric powered concept car.
The iRoad is Toyota's small, three-wheeled, electric powered concept car.
Caption L.A. Auto Show 2014: Maserati GranTurismo convertible MC Centennial
Highlights of the Maserati GranTurismo convertible MC Centennial, which was made as a special edition to mark the 100-year anniversary of Maserati.
Highlights of the Maserati GranTurismo convertible MC Centennial, which was made as a special edition to mark the 100-year anniversary of Maserati.
By Los Angeles Times Staff
Automotive Industry Cadillac BMW Toyota Motor Corp. Mercedes-Benz L.A. Auto Show
The media-only days of the Los Angeles Auto Show have come to a close and the show is now open to the public. Catch up on our preview of what show-goers will find below and read even more, including more analysis (will we even own cars in the future?), on our Autos page .
Highlights from the show:

US House Republicans sue over Obama s healthcare lawThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Zylog Systems: Outcome of board meetingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ford India recalls Fiesta sedan to replace faulty partThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Nikkei ends 0.33% higherThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Male airport fiasco: GMR claims $803 mThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Wall Street rallies on China  ECB stimuliThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Missing links in universal health careUpdated: November 21, 2014 02:26 IST
Missing links in universal health care
Nachiket Mor
preventive medicine
Over 95 per cent of patients coming to super-speciality hospitals are at the wrong place and have incurred hardships when they could have been treated at their neighbourhood primary care centre.
A number of announcements have been made by the Central and State governments on their intent to offer Universal Health Care (UHC). These welcome developments are timely as India is now rapidly becoming one of the few countries that do not seem to have a concrete plan for UHC in place. Even poorer countries such as Ghana, Kyrgyzstan, Rwanda, and Vietnam have now started to make significant progress in this area.
A fact often overlooked in these discussions, however, is that UHC is a complex idea and contains several prerequisites that need to be carefully incorporated into its conceptualisation, design and implementation. This article attempts to outline four of these essential elements.
Providing integrated care
The first, and perhaps the most important, element is the need to distinguish UHC from universally available health insurance. UHC seeks to ensure financial protection with the provision of appropriately priced, high quality, and integrated health care (combining primary, secondary, and tertiary care into a single, patient-centred health-care system). Ideally, financial protection and comprehensive health care are bundled together into an integrated ‘managed care’ proposition where the financial-protector (or the risk-manager) and the provider are a single entity. One of the key benefits of this model is the significant shift in incentives for the health provider — from the current focus on promoting hospitalisation and needless care-procedures, to incentives for promoting health and prevention of illness. Since the provider receives only a fixed amount per year, irrespective of the actual treatment provided, ‘managed care’ places rational treatment and cost-effectiveness at the centre of the model. Because of their very nature, health-care systems owned and financed by ministries of health are ideally suited for offering this type of ‘managed care’. And, if, but only if, there is very strong confidence in the ability of the system to regulate and monitor both patient and provider behaviours as well as population level outcomes, it is possible — as Thailand has done successfully — to invite large non-government players to also bid to provide such ‘managed care’ services. And, while the regulatory challenge in outsourcing ‘managed care’ to the private sector is quite considerable, it is very clear that fragmented health systems with different providers taking care of different parts of the health system, such as the private sector providing hospital-based care and the government focussing on primary care, with patients free to bypass it, is the worst of all possible choices. This fragmentation is the principal reason why a country like the United States finds itself in a situation where insurance premiums and costs of health care are both rising rapidly but population level health indicators are well below those of other comparable countries.
Primary care with gatekeeping
The second element is the need to shift the focus of attention from hospital-based care, to primary care — in terms of financing, development of infrastructure and usage. In order for India to achieve UHC, both in terms of financial feasibility as well as its well-being goals, it is clear that fewer than 2.50 per cent of patients in any given year should need hospital-based care. This implies that 97.5 per cent of all conditions would need to be dealt with at the primary-care level. UHC would therefore need substantial investments at the primary level combined with a strong gatekeeping framework that does not allow patients to seek hospital-based care unless they have been referred by a primary-care provider. It is believed that over 95 per cent of patients who visit tertiary care facilities such as JIPMER in Puducherry and AIIMS in Delhi are at the wrong place and have incurred all the hardship and costs that they did needlessly when they could easily have been cared for locally if good primary care was available. Evidence from Andhra Pradesh also shows that under ‘Arogyasri’, people are overwhelmingly seeking care at hospitals even for conditions which are patently treatable at primary-care facilities. While India undoubtedly needs additional hospital beds to provide adequate coverage even at the 2.50 per cent level mentioned earlier, it is imperative that the focus of immediate attention should not be hospitals or more AIIMS-like centres but well-designed and capable primary-care facilities so that patients can go there directly. Should they inadvertently end up at hospitals for seeking such care, they must be directed back. Only this combination of improved-availability and mandatory-gatekeeping will start to reduce the excess demand for hospital beds even as we gradually seek to address the unmet needs for hospital beds in deficient regions. Otherwise, we run the serious risk of this turning into a vicious cycle of ever increasing demand for hospital beds, further fuelled by an in-patient, insurance-led financial protection strategy, leading eventually to continual and rapid increases in health insurance premiums with no resultant improvements in health outcomes.
Covering everybody
The third key element relates to coverage — any universal health programme would need to include the entire population and not just be targeted at the poor. This is because India has a very steep poverty gradient and single health shocks have the potential to draw entire households back into poverty for all but the very top sliver of the population. For this very reason, globally, citizens of the most developed and several developing nations, who have significantly higher per capita incomes than do even the top percentiles of our population, have also been provided with full access to health care and financial protection. Engagement of the middle class also allows additional resources to be pooled along with tax resources since the amounts that they are currently expending on health care could be included as well. It is clear that development of integrated risk pools and their investment into an integrated UHC framework of the type discussed earlier (as would be implied by grouping the rich and poor together) would allow a significantly higher level of expenditure-volatility compression and the delivery of rational care. This would benefit both segments, with only the resultant net savings to the middle class being used to cross-subsidise the poor. Another benefit of including the middle class is in ensuring accountability of the health system. Being more conscious of its rights and with more resources to participate in the political process, the middle class is better placed to hold the public system accountable to higher quality of care, and perhaps, place health care centrally on political agendas — a feat that the Below Poverty Line (BPL)-targeted Indian health system has not been able to accomplish.
Separating out social determinants
The fourth key element is the urgent need for separation of core health care from extended health care, in a focussed discussion on UHC. While broader social determinants of health (or extended health care) such as provision of clean drinking water, improved sanitation and improved education of girls, have the potential to produce a very big impact on health outcomes, UHC is much more narrowly focussed on what the health-care system itself can provide directly in terms of primary, secondary, and tertiary care (or core health care). The reasons for the desirability of this separation are many and have to do principally with the appropriate allocation of responsibilities and resources. First, these broader determinants, for the most part, fall outside the domain of the ministries of health. Second, in India, the resources currently allocated for health care by the government have to go up three times, from 1 per cent to 3 per cent of GDP even to provide the essential elements of core health care at a reasonable level of quality and availability. Provision of extended health care would need a much larger level of resource allocation and would perforce have to be included in the domain of other ministries. And, finally, the benefits that accrue from extended health care go well beyond health (for example, time savings account for over 70 per cent of the benefits of home-delivered, clean drinking water and are not necessarily the most cost-effective interventions if viewed only from the narrow lens of health care.
There are a number of very important challenges that we face as a country. It is important to ensure that we are focussed on solving those using strong evidence-based strategies and with a very sharp sense of focus. Offering UHC to all our citizens is one such challenge. Here we need to be careful that we use the limited resources we have at our disposal in the most effective way, even if it means that some very important ideas need to be revisited or deferred for the time being.
(Nachiket Mor and Anuska Kalita are with the IKP Trust. The views expressed are entirely personal.)

The ghosts of the colonial pastUpdated: November 22, 2014 09:56 IST
The ghosts of the colonial past
Meera Srinivasan
Tweet
The Hindu
ON THE FRINGES: “Plantation workers have historically been subjected to much oppression before they became citizens.” Picture shows them in Haputale, Uva Province, Sri Lanka. Photo: Meera Srinivasan
TOPICS
human rights
Plantation workers of Sri Lanka have historically been subjected to much adversity and oppression before they rightfully became citizens. But not much has changed since
At the end of a back-breaking day, only one question awaits tea plucker Velu Parameswari: ‘‘How many kgs?’’
That is all “dorai” (supervisor) asks every day, said the 47-year-old, who began plucking tea as a 16-year-old. Despite working 22 days in October, all she made for the month was LKR 800 (approximately Rs. 380), after most of her salary was deducted to repay her outstanding loan.
“My husband is also a plucker,” she said, tilting her head and narrowing her eyes as she checked the reading on her weighing scale. Two other workers swiftly loaded one sack after another onto a truck parked at the curving road margin in Haputale in Sri Lanka’s Uva Province. The scenic town is less than 30 kms away from Koslanda, which on October 29 experienced a massive landslide that claimed at least 12 lives. Over a hundred people are still missing.
Ms Parameswari, along with several others from her estate, was part of a solidarity march held soon after the disaster. “After all, they are our people. If we don’t stand by them at such a time, then who will?” she asked.
Following the landslide, politicians, diplomats and media crews rushed to the spot in Koslanda where the landslide swept away homes of over 60 families. The misery of the victims grabbed headlines and prime time space for the following few days. Sri Lanka’s ‘plantation Tamils’ or ‘upcountry Tamils’ suddenly became newsworthy because of the tragedy that hit them.
Disenfranchised to stateless
For over a century now, the Tamil-speaking community has been toiling in the country’s plantations spread across the Sinhala-majority Central and Uva Provinces. The British brought them down from South India — they are officially called Tamils of recent Indian origin — in the early 19th century as workers in the estates where coffee and later tea was grown.
From being disenfranchised to being rendered stateless persons, this community has historically been subjected to much adversity and oppression before they rightfully became citizens of Sri Lanka, but not much has changed since.
The British may have left the country, but ghosts of the colonial past seem to linger. Workers still refer to their supervisor as “dorai,” a term earlier used to address the British owners or managers. The line rooms — rows of small homes with essentially a 10*10 feet room — built at that time, almost a century ago, are yet to give way to decent homes.
“When it rains outside, it rains inside our home too,” said B. Neelalochini matter-of-factly. “What can you expect, these homes are so old.”
A ‘line’ usually connotes two rows of tightly packed homes facing each other, with only a narrow path in between. “This is our home,” said R. Nalini, ushering me into her living-cum-bedroom. As in her family’s case, it is not uncommon to find six to seven people living in such a home.
Having worked in the estates for generations, the nearly 9 lakh-strong-community has only been neglected by successive governments. Poor housing is a major concern and some of the lines located higher up in the hills have virtually no road connectivity. “We have to climb up all the way and it gets really slippery during the rains,” said C. Saraswati. If housing is pathetic, education needs are completely ignored. “It is still a huge challenge for even one student from this community to become a doctor or engineer,” said a teacher in Haputale. The schools which offer up to A-levels (plus two) are fewer in number around the estates and none offers math. University education is a distant dream for a majority of the children from the community. Many drop out before completing school, according to A. Shanmuganathan, principal of a school in Koslanda.
Finding jobs is the next hurdle. Estate worker K. Manonmani’s daughter scored well in her A-levels, but could not study further. “We had no option but to send her to Colombo to work in a departmental store. She is such a bright girl,” the mother broke down.
As of 2012, over 2 lakh people were part of the plantations’ labour force, official records note, a stark fall from the estimated 5,30,000 workers employed by the sector in the 1980s.
Following monsoon failures and the subsequent closure of some tea factories, regular jobs have become harder to come by, said workers, who are constantly looking for other daily wage jobs. Some families are in heavy debt, in many cases forcing women to migrate to West Asia as domestic help.
Those who manage to find jobs in the estates don’t have it easy either. E. Agnes, barely 20, leaves her one-year-old child at the estate crèche as she plucks tea leaves all day. “It is a cramped space. The only play area is muddy and dirty,” she said, adding that women employed in the estates had no support systems.
Meagre wages
Despite labouring all day, the workers’ wages are barely enough to buy minimal provisions for the family. Wages and salaries are tied to the quantity of tea a worker plucks, and the number of days she turns up for work every month. In most cases, pluckers get paid at the rate of LKR 620 per day (approximately Rs. 290) if they work at least 25 days a month, meeting the target of 18 kgs per day. Even one day less would fetch them only a wage rate of LKR 450 per day (Rs. 212). From this, several deductions such as EPF, insurance premium, union subscription and crèche fee are made.
With a sense of being abandoned by the state and the private companies — which run the estates on leased government land — coupled with the absence of new industries or job opportunities, the plantation Tamils are trapped in a spot where the only reality appears to be consistent exclusion. Their plight figures nowhere in the story of ‘Sri Lankan Tamils,’ which has focussed only on those inhabiting the island’s war-torn north. Even the political parties representing the plantation Tamil community — the dominant Ceylon Workers’ Congress founded by Savumiamoorthy Thondaman is aligned to President Mahinda Rajapaksa’s ruling coalition — or the unions affiliated to them seem to offer them little hope.
Critical of his union, S. Palanisamy, an organiser, said: “Around election time leaders come, give away tin sheets to mend our roofs and promise to give us new homes. We are so desperate that we vote them back into power. After elections, we are forgotten.”
Saying this was someone who has been, for decades, contributing to one of Sri Lanka’s primary sources of foreign exchange earnings, which according to a 2013 report of Sri Lanka’s Plantation Industries Ministry, stood at USD 2,395 million. For the workers though, the numbers remain abstract figures.
When Ms Saraswathi, sporting a headscarf and carrying a sack, climbed a rocky stretch effortlessly, it was like a visual straight out of one of the many promotional videos on Sri Lankan tourism. As she left for her estate, she said: “Can’t be away too long, I have to get back to work.”
meera.srinivasan@thehindu.co.in

Mulayam rides a buggy on birthday  Azam triggers controversy over fundsRampur (U.P.), November 21, 2014
Updated: November 22, 2014 00:02 IST
Mega celebrations of Mulayam’s 75th birthday begin in Rampur
Atiq Khan
A file photo of Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav with Azam Khan, in Lucknow.
TOPICS
politics (general)
Pomp and grandeur marked the start of the 75th birthday celebrations of Samajwadi Party partriach, Mulayam Singh, on Friday. The celebrations began with Mr. Yadav riding a Victorian age buggy reportedly imported from London. The event was hosted by Urban Development Minister, Mohammad Azam Khan in his political backyard, Rampur.
For the record, Mr. Singh’s birthday on November 22 is celebrated every year as “Samta diwas” (day of equality) throughout the State.
His son and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister, Akhilesh Yadav, younger brother and PWD Minister Shivpal Singh Yadav, accompanied him on the buggy. With almost the entire State Cabinet in attendance, the Samajwadi Party chief was driven to Mohd. Ali Jauhar University campus with school children lining up along the 12 kilometre route from Ambedkar Park to the varsity guest house.
At the stroke of midnight, Mr. Singh will cut his birthday cake, reported to be 75-feet long. On Saturday, Mr. Singh will lay the foundation stone of Jauhar Medical College and address a public meeting. Mr. Akhilesh Yadav is likely to announce some development schemes for Rampur.
Even as the grand birthday celebrations were seen as a departure from the basic Samajwadi ideology of “gaon, garib aur kisan” (village, poor and farmer), newsmen’s query on the source of funds for the lavish celebrations led Mr. Azam Khan to remark that it has been funded by “Dawood Ibrahim, Abu Salem and Taliban”. On being asked about the veracity of the statement, the State IG ( Law and Order), A. Satish Ganesh told journalists at the Home Press briefing that he was not aware of the statement.
The idea of celebrating Mr. Mulayam Singh’s 75th birthday in Rampur was mooted by the Urban Development Minister, who apparently wanted to score some political points. Not only did the celebrations help reinforce Mr. Khan’s closeness to Mr. Singh and re-invent himself as the party’s “Muslim face” with an eye on 2017 Assembly polls, it also marked a “thanksgiving” for his wife, Tazeen Fatima entering the Rajya Sabha and Jauhar University becoming a reality.

Magnus Carlsen closer towards title after yet another draw against ViswanathanAnandPrint
It was a mild surprise when Carlsen started with the Grunfeld defence, to leave the Indian think-tank guessing. (Source: AP file)
By: Press Trust of India | Sochi | Posted: November 21, 2014 10:09 pm | Updated: November 22, 2014 4:06 pm
Five-time world champion Viswanathan Anand failed to break the ice and played out another draw in the tenth game of the world chess
championship, in Sochi on Friday.
With the seventh draw in ten games, Anand continued to trail Carlsen by a full point and the Norwegian is now just one point away from retaining the crown he won last year against the Indian ace.
For the records, the scoreline now reads 5.5-4.5 in Carlsen’s favour and he plays white in the penultimate game of the 12-games match slated on Sunday.
Anand, with white, yet again tried but could not break through the way he wanted and the opinion of the experts was divided if the tiger from Madras could have pushed for more.
Taking the match situation in to account, Anand went for the blood right from the word go but yet again found Carlsen adequately prepared in one of the topical variations.
It was a mild surprise when Carlsen started with the Grunfeld defence, to leave the Indian think-tank guessing on his openings. It may be recalled that Carlsen had played this opening in the first game of the match and had suffered a little before finally pressing for a victory that did not come his way.
Team Anand, it seems had been expecting a recurrence if the speed at which Anand executed his first few moves was any indication. Anand was following a game played by one of his seconds – Radoslav Wojtaszek – here and many believed that the Indian hadan idea in store somewhere in the middle game that promised to be exciting.
However, as the game progressed, Carlsen was the one who came up with a new move and his speed was better than Anand in the middle game. The Norwegian retained his lead on the clock and gave little away even when the various engines suggested that Anand was probably more than slightly better.
“Unfortunately Anand decided not to go for sharper positions when he had a chance. It allowed Magnus to equalise,” said Susan Polgar, a former women’s world champion in one of her tweets.
As it happened in the game, the pieces kept changing hands and the players reached a rook and pawns endgame fairly quickly than many had expected. Anand decided not to push for more in a fairly level position and the draw was a just result in just 32 moves.
With just two games to come, Anand will now have to pin his hopes on the final game if he can draw the next one when he plays black. The title seems to be slipping out again unless the magician from Chennai can pull a rabbit out hat in the final game. In the 11th game, Carlsen is unlikely to push for more.
Anand summed up his chances in a few words in the post-game conference. “I know I have to play. We know the score and the situation, but I am still there”.

Raphel probe triggered by intercept of Pakistan officialschatPrint
By: New York Times | Washington | Posted: November 21, 2014 9:59 pm
American investigators intercepted a conversation this year in which a Pakistani official suggested that his government was receiving American secrets from a prominent former State Department diplomat, officials said, setting off an espionage investigation that has stunned diplomatic circles here.
That conversation led to months of secret surveillance on the former diplomat, Robin L Raphel, and an FBI raid last month at her home, where agents discovered classified information, the officials said.
The investigation is an unexpected turn in a distinguished career that has spanned four decades. Raphel rose to become one of the highest-ranking female diplomats and a fixture in foreign policy circles, serving as ambassador to Tunisia and as assistant secretary of state for South Asian affairs in the Clinton administration.
Raphel, 67, considered one of the leading American experts on Pakistan, was stripped of her security clearances last month and no longer has access to the State Department building .
Raphel has not been charged with a crime. The scope of the investigation is not known, and it is unclear exactly what the Pakistani official said in the intercepted conversation that led to suspicion about Raphel.
Still, the new details shed some light on the evidence that Justice Department prosecutors are weighing as they decide whether to bring charges. And they help explain why the FBI viewed the matter seriously enough to search her home and State Department office, steps that would bring the investigation into the open.
Raphel is among a generation of diplomats who rose through the ranks of the State Department at a time when Pakistan was among America’s closest allies and a reliable bulwark against the Soviet Union. After retiring from the government in 2005, she lobbied on behalf of the Pakistani government before accepting a contract to work as a State Department advisor.
While the FBI secretly watched Raphel in recent months, agents suspected that she was improperly taking classified information home from the State Department, the officials said. Armed with a warrant, the agents searched her home in a prosperous neighbourhood near the Maryland border with Washington, and found classified information, the officials said.
Andrew Rice, a spokesman for Raphel, said: “Nothing has changed for Ambassador Raphel. She has not been told she is the target of an investigation, and she has not been questioned.”
In a sign of the seriousness of the case, Raphel has hired Amy Jeffress, a lawyer who until recently was one of the Justice Department’s top national security prosecutors. Jeffress served as a counsellor to Attorney General Eric H Holder Jr on security matters, as the Justice Department’s attaché to London, and as chief of national security at the United States Attorney’s Office in Washington. She joined the law firm Arnold & Porter this year. Jeffress declined to comment.
While the US and Pakistan remain allies in the war on terrorism, tensions between the two countries have been frequently strained. American officials suspect Pakistan of supporting the Taliban and believe Pakistan has dispatched several double agents to collect intelligence from the US government. Pakistani officials bristle continued…

Shakib Al Hasans allround performance powers Bangladesh towinPrint
By: Associated Press | Chittagong | Posted: November 21, 2014 9:26 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 9:51 pm
Shakib Al Hasan became the 12th cricketer to smash a century and claim four wickets in a one-day international as Bangladesh comfortably beat Zimbabwe by 87 runs in the series opener on Friday.
The allrounder picked up 4-41 to help Bangladesh bowl the visitors out for 194 after his 101 guided the side to a strong 281-7.
He also featured in a national record 148-run partnership with Mushfiqur Rahim for the fifth wicket that set the tune. Rahim scored 65.
“Me and Mushy had a very good partnership. I don’t know what I have changed in bowling,” Shakib said. “I have been bowling a lot, and I love to contribute, but when it is my day I have to make sure it belongs to me.”
It was Bangladesh’s first ODI win of the year, after losing 12 and having one washed out.
“It was a brilliant performance, but still there are areas where we need to improve and hope we do well in the next four games,” Shakib said. “It’s a relief to win the first ODI in 2014.”
For Zimbabwe, Brendan Taylor was the top-scorer with 54, and Hamilton Masakadza contributed 42.
Left-arm spinner Arafat Sunny (2-22), offspinner Mahmudullah (2-40) and fast bowler Mashrafe Bin Mortaza (2-33) also shared in the spoils.
Zimbabwe openers Masakadza and Sikandar Raza were progressing smoothly in pursuit of the big total when left-arm spinner Shakib dealt a double blow, dismissing Raza for 15 and Vusi Sibanda for a duck in three balls for 47-2.
Taylor resisted, and the dew made it difficult for the spinners to grip the ball well, but Mahmudullah produced a gem to trap Maskadza lbw, ending his 48-ball innings including seven fours. Mahmudullah followed with the wicket of Regis Chakabva on 9 at 124-4.
Bangladesh sensed an easy victory when captain Mashrafe Bin Mortaza returned with fire in his second spell to remove Taylor. Rahim dived full length to his right to claim an excellent catch, and virtually take the match away from Zimbabwe’s grip at 146-5 in the 30th over.
Mortaza got his counterpart Elton Chigumbura for 15 with a slower ball, after which Shakib took out Solomon Mire (11) and John Nyumbu (4) to complete his four-wicket haul.
After being sent into bat by Zimbabwe, Shakib hit his sixth century. Debutant Sabbir Rahman added a fluent 44, and Mominul Haque 31.
Bangladesh began with a meagre 31-3, Zimbabwe capitalizing on the local batsmen’s wayward shot selection.
Shakib joined Mominul Haque to settle things. Mominul Haque played a wretched shot to be out for 31 at 70-4, then Shakib and Rahim took the match out of Zimbabwe’s grip by playing some bold shots.
The tourists also did not help their cause by missing Rahim on 16, 56 and 60.
“I thought the start we had was excellent but when Shakib and Musfiqur came in, they played really well. Our fielding was off as well, we didn’t take our chances,” Chigumbura said.
Shakib’s knock was chanceless. He played with audacity to reach his sixth hundred off just 95 balls. He smashed 10 fours in his 101 continued…

Student from Manipur found dead  third in 48hoursPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 10:22 pm
A 21-year-old youth from Manipur died under mysterious circumstances on Thursday night in south Delhi’s Munirka area, in the third death of students from the hilly state in the city in the last 48 hours. The deceased, identified as Thangsolian (21) lived in a room on the first floor in Ber Sarai area. He worked at a private company and was doing a course in stenography at an institute at R K Puram.
“The incident came to light around 11 pm yesterday when Thangsolian was found lying in a pool of blood at the bottom of the staircase by the people who lived at ground floor. He was rushed to AIIMS trauma centre where he was declared dead and subsequently police was informed,” said a police official.
Thangsolian had gone to watch a football match at Ambedkar stadium and had returned home after that. He had consumed alcohol with his friends after that. Prima facie it has appeared that he slipped while climbing the staircase and died due to excessive blood loss from the head injuries he sustained in the accident, police said. Police has so far ruled out any foul play in the case.
“It comes across as a case of accidental death. Also, when we recreated the sequence of events it appeared that he died due to the impact of the fall. There are blood stains on the staircase and there is no other injury on his body other than those on the head,” the official said. The body has been sent for post mortem examination and the exact cause of death will be ascertained only after that.
Further investigations are underway. Police is also questioning neighbours, friends and scanning CCTV footage of the area. On Wednesday night, a 33-year-old PhD scholar from Manipur was found brutally murdered with his neck slit with a knife in south Delhi’s Kotla Mubarakpur area. Keashung Zingram Kengoo had completed his PhD from the Tata Institute of Social Sciences and had come to Delhi just a month ago and was searching for a job.
Another 23-year-old youth hailing from Manipur was found dead under mysterious circumstances at his home in south Delhi’s Malviya Nagar on Thursday. His post mortem report revealed that he had consumed alcohol in a party on the night before his death and the cocktail of some fluids resulted in his death, said a senior police official of South District police official.

Atletico de Kolkata denied goal pointBy: Press Trust of India | Kochi | Posted: November 21, 2014 10:51 pm
Atletico de Kolkata were robbed a point due to poor refereeing as regular captain Luis Garcia’s injury time equaliser was disallowed by assistant referee as hosts Kerala Blasters recorded a 2-1 win in a 10th round encounter of the Indian Super League in Kochi on Friday.
Despite the defeat, ATK stay put on second position with 16 points while Blasters also keep their third position intact with 15 points from 10 games.
The incident happened in the 92nd minute. Down 1-2, ATK’s Jofre kept a cross-field ball from the left flank which Ethiopian striker Fikru Tefera headed for an unmarked Garcia and the former Liverpool player smashed it home.
But to his horror he saw the assistant referee disallowing the goal where as TV replays showed that ball had crossed the goalline by atleast a couple of feet.
It was a match that Blasters dominated in the first half as they scored through their Scottish striker Iain Hume in the 4th minute and left-winger Pedro Gusmao in the 42nd minute.
For ATK, Fikru pulled one back in the 55th minute but it was more due to a faulty clearance on the part of opposition captain Cedric Hengbart.
The match started with Fikru wasting a golden opportunity as early as 2nd minute when he had all the time in the world to beat Blasters custodian David James but his side volley didn’t have enough punch to beat a diving former England World Cupper.
Within two minutes, it was Hume, the former striker of English Championship (Division I) team Fleetwood Town, who hit back through counter attack. It was Pedro who made Baljit Sahni chase shadows essaying a lovely chip from wide left.
The defence formation of ATK was all jumbled up with custodian Subhasish Roy Chowdhury indecisive about coming out of his charge. The ball was slotted home by Hume and Stephen Pearson standing on goalline cleverly jumped to let the ball enter the net as a touch from him would have ruled it as off-side.
Pedro scored the second goal for his team when Sandesh Jhingan’s inswinging left-footed cross from the right flank saw Milagres Gonsalves failing to head the ball but both Sahni and Arnab Mondal were out of position as the Brazilian scored his first goal in the cash-rich league.
Having been outsmarted in the first half, ATK’s attack did have some sting after the change of ends once Garcia came in place of Arnal Lilbert.
His assists and clever positioning did put Blasters in a bit of trouble but the held on well in front of a capacity crowd and the benevolence from the match officials ensured that ended up with full points from the encounter.

Davis Cup Final: Stan Wawrinka gives Switzerland openingwinMonfils, who had never beaten Federer on clay in four previous encounters, won five games in a row as he whizzed through the first set. (Source: Reuters)
By: Reuters | France | Posted: November 21, 2014 11:15 pm | Updated: November 22, 2014 12:41 am
Gael Monfils rose to the occasion as he upset Roger Federer 6-1 6-4 6-3 to help France level the Davis Cup final with Switzerland 1-1 on Friday.
After Stan Wawrinka had given the Swiss a 1-0 lead by beating Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 6-1 3-6 6-3 6-2, Monfils was at his best against the world number two who has struggled recently with back problems.
Federer missed training this week after being forced to withdraw from his ATP World Tour Final against Novak Djokovic in London on Sunday.
Monfils, who had never beaten Federer on clay in four previous encounters, won five games in a row as he whizzed through the first set.
Struggling with his serve, the Swiss was broken again in the third game of the second set and his French rival showed no sign of weakening, sending his opponent chasing balls left, right and centre.
It was not game over yet, though, as Federer beat Monfils in five sets in this year’s U.S. Open quarter-finals after dropping the first two.
But this time, roared on by a record 27,432 crowd that were kept quiet during Tsonga’s match, Monfils maintained his grip to break for a 3-2 lead before finishing off the contest on Federer’s serve with a stunning backhand winner down the line.
Switzerland looked as if they were in the driving seat after Wawrinka’s defeat of Tsonga who looked a pale shadow of his normally aggressive self against the world number four.
“I was confident. I showed him on the court that I was better than he was,” said Wawrinka.
Tsonga agreed with his rival.
“Stan was good today. He played a good match. That’s it. There is nothing to say really,” he said.
The doubles will be played on Saturday, with the reverse singles on Sunday on the clay of the Pierre Mauroy stadium.
France, who last lifted the trophy in 2001, are looking to win the Davis Cup for the 10th time while Switzerland are seeking their maiden title.

Maoists attack Mi-17 in Bastar  7 Air Force personnel injured  3seriousThe incident took place when a CoBRA team led by CRPF’s Chhattisgarh IG HS Siddhu had an encounter in Elmagunda forests near Chintagufa. (Picture for representation purpose only)
By: Express News Service | Raipur | Posted: November 21, 2014 11:05 pm | Updated: November 22, 2014 10:04 am
An Indian Air Force (IAF) flight gunner and a CRPF personnel were injured when Maoists fired at an Mi-17 chopper in Jagdalpur area of Chhatisgarh on Friday evening. The chopper was evacuating five other CRPF personnel who were injured in an ambush by the Naxals in Bastar region.
The aircraft later landed safely in Jagdalpur, where the two were treated. An IAF official said that they were “out of danger”. The IAF flight gunner was identified as M K Tiwari. “The Mi-17 chopper was pressed into action to evacuate five CRPF casualties. On its way back, the helicopter was fired at,” an IAF official said.
The other personnel the chopper was evacuating were injured during an encounter between a CoBRA team led by CRPF’s Chhattisgarh IG H S Siddhu and Maoists in the Elmagunda forests near Chintagufa. The IG’s gunman, Rupak Rawat was among those injured.
CRPF and state police teams have been conducting massive operations in the interior zones of Sukma district over the last week. Several teams, comprising over 5,000 personnel, have been combing the Maoist-hit area. “Over a dozen operations are going on in Bastar. This was the first instance that we faced such resistance from the Maoists. Our 5,000 personnel are still present in various areas,” Bastar IG S R P Kalluri said.
Meanwhile three personnel were injured while defusing a landmine in Bijapur district Friday.
 

Make Sanskrit compulsory: Singhalpolitics
Controversy deliberate, says Smriti Irani
The controversy relating to the teaching of German as an optional third language in Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan appeared set to deepen with Vishwa Hindu Parishad leader Ashok Singhal saying on Friday that Sanskrit should be made compulsory.
“Absolutely yes… one foreign language [English] is enough’’ said the Ayodhya movement leader in answer to a question on the sidelines of the World Hindu Conference here.
“Many more things will be made compulsory in times to come. Sanskrit is the language of our country. Everything was written in Sanskrit thousands of years ago. If you want to eliminate it, you want to eliminate this country,’’ he said.
On her part, HRD Minister Smriti Irani said a controversy was “deliberately’’ being created and asserted that continuation of German would have been a violation of the Constitution.
Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the WHC, she said Schedule 21 of the Constitution lists 22 Indian languages. “The MoU between the Goethe Institute-Max Mueller Bhavan and KVS was in violation of the Constitution as German is a foreign language. Extending the contract would have been a violation. I have taken oath under the Constitution and will abide by it.’’
The Minister said KVS students from classes VI to VIII could opt for any Indian language in future. “Students will have the option of picking any Indian language as the third language instead of Sanskrit. For instance, if a student wishes to take Tamil as the third language, a Tamil teacher will be made available.’’
Earlier, addressing a session on Hindu Education, she said there was no need to “talk down English,’’ but stressed the need for value-based learning and education that respected Indian culture and Indian languages. “Our civilisation is rich... and we should celebrate that.”

