Brokers to publicise redressal contact details: SEBIBrokers to publicise redressal contact details: SEBI
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 02, 2014 09:16 IST
All stock brokers and depository participants shall prominently display basic information... About the grievance redressal mechanism available to investors
 
 
In order to strengthen grievance redressal mechanism for investors, SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) has asked stock brokers and other market intermediaries to display in their offices contact details of their CEOs, compliance officers and of the regulatory authorities.
"It has now been decided that offices of all stock brokers (its registered sub-broker and unauthorized person) and depository participants shall prominently display basic information... About the grievance redressal mechanism available to investors," SEBI said in a circular on Thursday.
Stock brokers and depository participants would have to provide contact details (email address and phone numbers) of their compliance officers, as also of CEO/ Partner/Proprietor, so that an investor can approach the right authority for his or her grievance redressal, SEBI added.
Stock brokers and depository participants are also required to provide contact details of stock exchanges like BSE, NSE, MCX-SX as well that of depositories (NSDL and CDSL), who can be approached by the investors in case they are not satisfied with the response of the stock Broker or depository participant.
The intermediaries would have to take necessary steps to implement the provisions of this circular and ensure its full compliance in respect of all its offices within 60 days from the date of this circular, SEBI said.
Indices could swing at new highs!
India Infoline Research Team / 08:59, Sep 02, 2014
The indices are expect to open on a positive note. Some profit booking could always set in later in the day.
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Infosys plans to unveil strategy by mid-October: Vishal SikkaInfosys plans to unveil strategy by mid-October: Vishal Sikka
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 02, 2014 09:07 IST
Sikka reported that the company's senior executives had at Stanford's Design School earlier in August.
Infosys' newly appointed boss Vishal Sikka said the company will unveil its strategy by mid-October, even as he stressed on the importance of automation and the need to embrace design-thinking to drive growth, says a report.
Sikka reported that the company's senior executives had at Stanford's Design School earlier in August.
Sikka stated that it has been engaging with executives from startups from the Silicon Valley. 
Indices could swing at new highs!
India Infoline Research Team / 08:59, Sep 02, 2014
The indices are expect to open on a positive note. Some profit booking could always set in later in the day.
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

SGX proposes greater retail access to bondsSGX proposes greater retail access to bonds
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 02, 2014 09:06 IST
SGX proposes to apply the regulatory framework only to plain vanilla bonds with an initial minimum principal amount of S$300 million and a maximum tenure of 10 years.
 
 
Singapore Exchange (SGX) is consulting the public on a proposal to give retail investors improved access to bonds currently offered only to institutional and accredited investors (wholesale bonds).
Leveraging on Singapores position as a leading listing venue for bonds with its AAA long-term credit rating and robust regulatory framework, the proposed framework will improve access in two ways. First, retail investors can purchase SGX-listed wholesale bonds initially denominated in S$200,000 or above in smaller lot size six months after their listing (seasoned bonds). Second, SGX proposes to allow issuers to make subsequent offers of new bonds on the same terms as the seasoned bonds to retail investors directly. Eligible issuers will be able to offer bonds more efficiently to retail investors through this framework.
SGX proposes to apply the regulatory framework only to plain vanilla bonds with an initial minimum principal amount of S$300 million and a maximum tenure of 10 years. Safeguards in the form of qualifying criteria for issuers and disclosure requirements underpin the proposed framework.
In a separate public consultation, the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) is proposing prospectus exemption for eligible issuers offering plain vanilla bonds and making subsequent offers of bonds on the same terms as seasoned bonds.
Indices could swing at new highs!
India Infoline Research Team / 08:59, Sep 02, 2014
The indices are expect to open on a positive note. Some profit booking could always set in later in the day.
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Editor-Markets Desk CNBC-TV18Editor-Markets Desk
CNBC-TV18
Anuj Singhal is Editor-Markets Desk and co-anchor of CNBC-TV18’s Markets & Macros, Midcap Radar and Closing Bell. He started his journey with CNBC-TV18 in 2003 as part of the research team and since then, has been deeply involved all markets related programming. Anuj is editor-markets desk and in the past has headed the CNBC-TV18 research team. He takes particular interest in the derivative markets and global financial markets. He also tracks the oil & gas sector in India, including large companies like ONGC and Reliance. Anuj holds a degree in MBA, with specialization in Finance, with key interests in Portfolio management and derivatives. Before that, he completed BA Honors in Economics from University Of Delhi with key interests in Micro and Macro Economics.
ABOUT Anuj Singhal
Anuj Singhal is Editor-Markets Desk and co-anchor of CNBC-TV18’s Markets & Macros, Midcap Radar and Closing Bell. He started his journey with CNBC-TV18 in 2003 as part of the research team and since then, has been deeply involved all markets related programming. Anuj is editor-markets desk and in the past has headed the CNBC-TV18 research team. He takes particular interest in the derivative markets and global financial markets. He also tracks the oil & gas sector in India, includi...

Cipla shares jump 8.7 pct after key generic launchDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Top 4: Food that help you sleepTop 4: Food that help you sleep
There are a few food items which can improve your sleeping pattern, reports femalefirst.co.uk:
Cheese: Contrary to popular belief, cheese can actually contribute to a good night’s sleep! Tryptophan is an amino acid that our bodies convert to melatonin and serotonin which can help induce sleep. Calcium is also known to release serotonin. The key is not to overdo it and leave yourself at least two hours before going to bed so as to avoid indigestion. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
A glass of warm milk: The old wives' tale about a glass of warm milk can actually work wonders. This is because dairy is a source of tryptophan, an amino acid which your body converts to melatonin and serotonin which acts as a natural sedative. Warming up milk increases the comfort factor and if you are hungry, try adding a few oats as the carbohydrates make it easier for the tryptophan to get to your brain.  (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Potatoes: Carbs act as a natural sleep aid by stimulating the pancreas to secrete insulin. When this happens, some amino acids that interact with tryptophan leave the bloodstream and enter muscle cells, which causes an increase in the tryoptophan levels in the bloodstream and results in an increase in the serotonin levels. High carb foods include potatoes, pasta and bread. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Valerian root: Valerian root is a herb that is believed to have a calming, relaxing effect on the body. It has been used for centuries to treat insomnia, mild anxiety and restlessness. The exact mechanism of action is unknown. However, it may act as a depressant to the central nervous to produce a mild tranquilizing effect.  (Source: Thinkstock Images)

Ruble hits record low on sanctions threatRussia's ruble at lowest level ever as new sanctions loom
By Alanna Petroff  @AlannaPetroff September 1, 2014: 10:45 AM ET
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Russia's currency has hit its lowest level ever against the U.S. dollar as the risk of new Western sanctions threatens more economic damage.
The European Union said Saturday that it was preparing to issue new sanctions as soon as this week in response to signs that Russia had sent troops into Ukraine.
Russia has denied that its armed forces are active in the country.
The ruble slid 0.5% against the dollar Monday, taking its losses for the year to about 13%. One dollar will now buy you about 37.5 rubles.
The sliding currency will make life harder for Russians by raising the cost of imports, which could further fuel inflation that has already risen to about 7.5%.
Related: 10 Western companies getting slammed in Russia
Russia's central bank has hiked interest rates three times since March to tame inflation and defend the ruble, but may find it politically tricky to raise the cost of borrowing still further.
"The bank has come under heavy criticism from a number of government officials for tightening monetary policy in times when the economy is extremely weak," said Liza Ermolenko, an emerging markets economist at Capital Economics.
Russia's slowing economy has been brought to the brink of recession by the crisis, which has scared off investors and depressed consumer sentiment.
 
Russia closes flagship Moscow McDonald's
Sanctions, and the threat of more to come, are beginning to hurt Russian and Western companies.

Indians in Saudi Arabia Asked to Get Machine-readable PassportsIndia Slips to 71st Rank in Global Competitiveness List
Riyadh:
The Indian embassy in Saudi Arabia has appealed to all Indians living in the kingdom to get machine-readable passports issued as soon as possible, a media report said on Monday.
The International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) will phase out non-machine-readable passports by November 24, 2015, Arab News quoted Indian embassy spokesperson Surinder Bhagat as saying.
"Foreign governments may deny visas or even entry on old passports," he said.
"This is why Indian citizens living across the kingdom are advised to change their passports as soon as they can."
Passports with pasted photos and handwritten details or a 20-year validity period are considered non-machine-readable.
"The government has been issuing electronic passports since 2001," he said.
"In fact, all new passports are ICAO-compliant and are printed in Riyadh."
India has decided to recall 60-page passport booklets bearing codes Z-000001 to Z-073000 with immediate effect, due to administrative and technical problems in their usage.
The holders of passports with these numbers can return them to their embassies to have them cancelled and re-apply for a new passport free of charge, the official said
Story first published on: September 02, 2014 10:45 (IST)

Black money won t come back  if it does  it would hurt India: Lord Bhikhu ParekhDGCA cracks down on Jet Airways, threatens to cancel licences of nearly 140 pilots
Last month, one of Jet Airways' planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkey.

Aadhaar impact beyond DBTGold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750
Gold prices dipped below 28k level to close at Rs 27,750 per 10 grams at the bullion market...

Modi waxes eloquent on women and goddessesUpdated: September 2, 2014 15:06 IST
Modi waxes eloquent on women and goddesses
Amit Baruah
Prime Minister Modi inaugurates TCS Japan Technology and Cultural Academy Soukoukai in the traditional Japanese way. Photo Courtesy: Brij Mohan Meena/Photo Division, MEA
TOPICS
nuclear power
"In my cabinet, 25 per cent are women. Our Foreign Minister is a woman," he said.
If the Hindu female pantheon was likened with a ministry, then education was with goddess Saraswati, money with Lakshmi, security with Mahakali and food security with the goddess Annapurna.
Making this point while addressing women students of the Sacred Heart University on Tuesday morning, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said India was the only country in the world where god was conceptualised in the female form.
When the British left India, only nine per cent of women were educated. Since then, many initiatives were taken to educate women.
“I have given a lot of encouragement to educate the girl child,” Mr. Modi said. As chief minister of Gujarat for 14 years, he donated Rs. 78 crore raised from the auction of gifts received from different governments for the education of the girl child, the Prime Minister revealed.
“In my cabinet, there are 25 per cent women. Our foreign minister is a woman,” he pointed out.
Non-proliferation
To a question on India’s commitment to non-proliferation, Mr. Modi replied that India was the land of the Buddha. “And Buddha is the symbol of peace,” he said, adding that India’s independent struggle led by Mahatma Gandhi.
Looking beyond “small” treaties and commitments to them, the Prime Minister said peace and non-violence was in the DNA of Indians.
Asked about Japan and Indian concerns on China, Mr. Modi pointed out that both Japan and India were democratic countries. Rather than focusing on others, we should concentrate on ourselves -- our values, our commitment to peace.
Focus on role of women at @PMOIndia address to Sacred Heart University pic.twitter.com/6fefvbrZTD
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 2, 2014
Giving an analogy, Mr. Modi said if there is darkness in the room, someone will go with a broom to sweep it away, someone else will go with a sword, another with a very big blanket.
“But the wise will go with a small lamp, and there would be light,” the Prime Minister stressed. If we focus on building peace and prosperity, then we don’t have to be scared of darkness.
Climate change
On climate change, the Prime Minister said exploitation of nature was a crime. “At best, you have the right to milk nature. You can milk a cow, but you can’t kill the cow.”
“Climate change? Is this terminology correct? The reality is this that in our family, some people are old... They say this time the weather is colder. And, people’s ability to bear cold becomes less.
“We should also ask is this climate change or have we changed. We have battled against nature. That is why we should live with nature rather than battle it,” he said.
The Prime Minister commended a book written by him on climate change called “Convenient Action” while pointing out that former US Vice-President Al Gore’s book was entitled “An Inconvenient Truth”. The Prime Minister said his book was available online.
Mr. Modi added that he was active on Facebook and Twitter and looked forward to responding to queries from students on social media.

Maruti Ciaz Bookings Open: All You Need to KnowFacebook Ready to Spend Billions to Bring Whole World Online: CEO Zuckerberg
Maruti Suzuki, India's biggest car maker, on Tuesday said bookings for its much awaited Ciaz sedan will open on September 3. The mid-sized premium sedan, which will replace SX4 in Maruti's stable, will compete with segment leader Honda City and Hyundai Verna.
Bookings can be done across Maruti's 1,370 sales outlets spread across more than 1,050 cities, the company said in a statement today. Customers will have to pay Rs 21,000 as booking amount, Maruti said.
According to Maruti, Ciaz (diesel) will be India's most fuel efficient car with an efficiency of 26.21 kmpl. Currently, Honda City (diesel) is the most fuel efficient car in the country, returning 26 kmpl (ARAI certified). The petrol variant of Ciaz has a fuel efficiency of 20.73 kmpl, the best amongst the sedans of its class, Maruti says.
"We are up to the level of Honda City," said Maruti Suzuki India Chairman RC Bhargava.
By launching the Ciaz, Maruti will take the first step to double its number of models over the next few years. The company is slated to launch an SUV to compete with Renault's Duster soon. It is also working on a compact SUV to take on segment leader Ford EcoSport.
Ciaz's launch comes at a time when Maruti is in the news for all the right reasons. The company's August vehicle sales rose 26.9 per cent from a year earlier, beating expectations.
Domestic sales were in line with expectations but exports were higher than expectations, dealers said.
Maruti Suzuki shares hit a record high of Rs 2,963 earlier in trade today.
Story first published on: September 02, 2014 13:00 (IST)

Box office collections: Guardians of the Galaxy  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles  If I Stay  moreBox office collections: Guardians of the Galaxy, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, If I Stay, more
Tue Sep 02 2014, 12:34 hrs
Guardians of the Galaxy
The intergalactic misfits of "Guardians of the Galaxy" are the summer's box-office collections superheroes. Marvel's cosmic romp topped the Labor Day box office with a three-day take of $22 million - its third time in first place since its release five weeks ago, according to studio estimates Monday. With North American ticket sales of more than $280 million so far, "Guardians" is also the summer's and the year's top grossing film to date domestically.
Total collection: $22.2 million ($19.7 million international). Read full story
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Total collection $15.7 million ($13 million international). (Image courtesy: AP)
If I Stay
Total collection: $11.6 million ($4.6 million international). (Image courtesy: AP)
Let's Be Cops
Total collection: $10.5 million ($6.6 million international). (Image courtesy: AP)
As Above, So Below
Total collection: $10.3 million ($1.4 million international) (Image courtesy: AP)
Reader´s Comments

EU questions $19 bn Facebook-WhatsApp dealEU questions USD 19 billion Facebook-WhatsApp deal
IANS     London   Last Updated: September 2, 2014  | 13:31 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
In a bid to understand what separates a social network from a messaging application, European Union (EU) anti-trust officials have sent a detailed questionnaire to the competitors as well as customers of Facebook and WhatsApp.
The move is part of the EU's formal review of the $19 billion acquisition of the popular mobile messaging service WhatsApp by the social network earlier this year, the Wall Street Journal (WSJ) has reported.
The unusual 70-page questionnaire comes after Facebook and WhatsApp formally notified the EU antitrust body of the deal on August 29.
Recipients of the questionnaire are telecommunications operators, social-networking sites and other internet service providers.
Europe's telecom industry argues that "over-the-top" operators such as WhatsApp use telecom companies' infrastructure but are not taxed or regulated in the same way.
Some European politicians also have expressed deep concern in recent months at the way US technology companies have come to dominate Europe's digital economy, the report added.
The provisional deadline for a decision in the case is October 3.

Here are the world s worst and best cities to live inTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Sat 6 Sep, 2014, 5:28 PM IST - India Markets closed
World's worst and best cities to live in
If you were to choose a city to live in, which would you pick? Check out places with the best and worst living conditions.
Below is a ranking of the top and bottom ten cities, according to The Economist Intelligence Unit’s global liveability survey . The liveability score is the combination of all the factors surveyed across the five main categories. Scores are also given for each category (100=ideal; 0=intolerable).
These companies changed their logos this year
By Aaron Taube, Business Insider
The annual BT-PeopleStrong Survey, carried out in association with Naukri.com, lists out the best … More » Revealed: The best companies to work for in India 2014
Today on Yahoo
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Modi flags off TCS programme in JapanUpdated: September 2, 2014 13:50 IST
Modi flags off TCS programme in Japan
Amit Baruah
economy, business and finance
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday flagged off a new training programme for Tata Consultancy Services trainee graduates in Japan by inaugurating the TCS Japan Technology and Culture Academy.  
The first batch of 48 TCS Japan trainees will proceed to India to undergo training for six to eight weeks at various TCS locations. 
“Apart from increasing their exposure to new technologies, the TCS Japan graduate trainees will learn about quality and other processes as well as business skills. This will be followed by on-the-job training on projects for six months,” a TCS statement said.
In April this year, TCS and Mitsubishi Corp announced that they were merging their IT operations in Japan to create a new global scale player in the Japanese IT industry, with TCS having a 51 per cent stake in the new venture called Tata Consultancy Services Japan.
“You are going as employees of TCS but I want you to come back to Japan as ambassadors of India,” Mr. Modi said on the occasion.

Only red carpet  no red tape in India  says Prime MinisterOnly red carpet, no red tape in India, says Prime Minister
PTI
"There is no Red Tape but Red Carpet in India. We have eased off lot of regulations,'' says Prime Minister, Narendra Modi. Photo: Reuters
Tokyo, Sept 2:  
Making a strong pitch for bringing Japanese investments into India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said there is no “red tape”, only “red carpet” for investors as the government has eased a lot of regulations.
Asserting that his government is working on development and increasing manufacturing activities, Modi said there cannot be a better place to make investments than India.
“I have come to assure you that there is no Red Tape but Red Carpet in India. We have eased off lot of regulations,” Modi said.
'Democracy, demography and demand'
Calling for a new history between the two countries on the economic front, the Prime Minister said India is the only place where one can find “democracy, demography and demand’’.
Modi, who was addressing Japanese investors at a seminar organised by the Japan External Trade Organisation (Jetro) and Nikkei here, also said that India guarantees democracy, safety, security and justice.
‘God gifted location’
He told Japanese investors that India is a “god gifted location” for reaching out to global markets.
Referring to his government’s 100 days in power, Modi said it has achieved what could not be achieved in the last two-and-a-half years.
GDP growth
The country’s GDP grew 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter, the highest in more than two years.
Modi said his government is ready to offer whatever is required to promote foreign investment into India.
“Without Japan, India is incomplete and without India, Japan is incomplete”, he said.
According to him, the coming together of Japan’s hardware skills and India’s software expertise can create miracle.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

SC refuses to entertain plea of Kingfisher AirlinesSupreme Court refuses to entertain plea of Kingfisher Airlines
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 2, 2014  | 14:30 IST
Kingfisher Airlines promoter Vijay Mallya.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday refused to entertain a petition filed by Kingfisher Airlines against being declared as willful defaulter, saying it has become infructuous as the Grievance Redressal Committee of Union Bank of India has already passed an order.
"Your grievance has been, that Grievance Redressal Committee (GRC) should not decide the matter but they had already decided it, therefore your plea is infructuous" a bench comprising justices A R Dave and U U Lalit said.
Kingfisher Airlines had alleged that the order by GRC was passed on Monday, ignoring the plea that the director should be allowed to be represented through lawyers.
However, after the bench said that the plea has become infructuous, the airline counsel submitted that they would challenge the GRC order before the concerned High Court.
State-run United Bank of India on Tuesday became the first lender to declare debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines and its promoter Vijay Mallya as wilful defaulters.

Gold extends losses on global cues  falls by Rs 155Gold extends losses on global cues, falls by Rs 155
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 2, 2014  | 15:27 IST
Continuing its loss for the third day, gold prices plunged by Rs 155 to close at over one-week low of Rs 28,020 per ten gram in the national capital on Tuesday.
This was largely in tune with a weakening trend overseas amidst low demand from jewellers and retailers.
Silver also declined by Rs 100 to Rs 42,700 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Bullion merchants said apart from subdued demand from jewellers and retailers despite ongoing festive season, a weakening global trend where gold eased to over one-week low as investors weighed the health of the global economy against tension between Ukraine and Russia, mainly weighed on precious metal prices.
Gold in Singapore, which normally set price trend on the domestic front, fell 0.80 per cent to $1,275.28 an ounce, the lowest since August 26 and silver by 0.40 per cent to $19.39 an ounce.
Besides, shifting of funds towards the record-breaking equity markets from bullion too dampened the sentiment, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 155 each to Rs 28,020 and Rs 27,820 per ten gram, respectively, a level last seen on August 25. It had lost Rs 125 in the previous two sessions.
Sovereign, however, traded in a tight range in limited deals and settled at last level of Rs 24,600 per piece of eight gram.
Tracking gold, silver ready also declined by Rs 100 to Rs 42,700 per kg while weekly-based delivery gained Rs 50 at Rs 42,190 per kg.
On the other hand, silver coins remained unaltered at Rs 74,000 for buying and Rs 75,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

