Boulder Brands rocked by earnings shortfallBoulder rocked by lower forecast
By: Gary Strauss October 22, 2014 2:00 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Boulder Brands BDBD   tumbled 24% to $9.62 Wednesday after the food products marketer said third and fourth quarter earnings would be lower-than-expected.
The Colorado-based company, which owns several health foods lines, including leading gluten-free brand Glutino,  “faced a number of headwinds” during the third-quarter, according to CEO Stephen Hughes,  including larger-than-expected declines in sales of its Smart Balance margarine substitute, which continues to pressure gross profit margins.
Boulder, scheduled to formally post earnings Nov. 6, says it expects third-quarter earnings of 8 cents a share, down from prior guidance 10 to 12 cents. Revenue is expected to come in at $134 million, 13% above year-ago results, but below consensus estimates of $142 million.
The news came a day after Mario Gabelli’s Gamco Investors funds  disclosed that it had boosted its Boulder Brands stake about 50%, to 4.51 million shares. Gamco now holds a 7.4% stake in the company. It accumulated about 2.7 million shares in 2013 at an average price of about $12.
Boulder Brands briefly touched a $8.72, 52-week low earlier Wednesday.  Despite being an often-mentioned takeover target, shares have been market laggards for much of 2014, falling 46% from April’s $17.94 peak.
Follow story stocks on Twitter @gstrauss_
 

Andrew McAfee on monopoliesBlog guide
Welcome. This blog covers technological progress and its impact on businesses, economies, and societies.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blog. However, the posts remain free.
Andrew McAfee is a principal research scientist at MIT. His 2014 book Second Machine Age: Work, Progress, and Prosperity in a Time of Brilliant Technologies (co-authored with Erik Brynjolfsson) was a New York Times bestseller and shortlisted for the FT and McKinsey business book of the year award .
He is the co-founder of MIT's Initiative on the Digital Economy , and previously held positions as a fellow at Harvard's Berkman Center for Internet and Society and as a professor at Harvard Business School.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Lex Live: Whered the floor goRemember me on this computer
Sign in

Samsung s Virtual Flame cooktop swaps fire forSamsung's Virtual Flame Cooktop Swaps Fire for LEDs
Feast your eyes on the Samsung Virtual Flame induction cooktop.
Keith Barry
October 22, 2014
American consumers are understandably freaked out by induction cooktops . Because they use magnets to directly heat pans, the cooktops themselves don't get hot.
Without the dancing flame of a gas burner or the comforting glow of an electric coil, induction seems cool and distant—like the love interest in a Raymond Chandler novel.
That's why Samsung's latest Chef Collection induction range uses LED lighting embedded in the cooktop's surface to mimic the visual feedback that gas offers. When the pan heats up, the lights glow brighter. When the pan cools down, they dim.
"When we analyzed induction cooking, we found that consumers are more comfortable with clear visual cues that show they are controlling the heat level," said Kevin Dexter, Samsung's Senior Vice President of Home Appliances for the U.S. market.
Samsung's Virtual Flame glows in accordance with how hot your pots and pans get.
It's somewhat ironic that consumers demand visual feedback, as it's merely a byproduct of indirect cooking's inefficiency. Still, generations of home chefs have learned to cook with their eyes.
Virtual Flame debuts on the NE58H9970WS, part of Samsung's Chef Collection . It includes many of the features we've lauded on previous Samsung ranges—including the Flex Duo divided cavity, and the Guiding Light control panel. It's already on sale, with an MSRP of $3,699.
Photos: Samsung
Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox.
Thanks for signing up!

Links: Buybacks  radiation-proof underwearEMAIL
The unemployment rate is below 5% in 15 states, with North Dakota leading at 2.8%.
But there’s more slack in the labor force than the Federal Reserve knows , says Bank of America, especially if you define slack as “people working in jobs they’re vastly overqualified for.”
(McDonald’s via AP)
Buybacks have far outpaced revenue growth for the U.S. stock market in the modern age and these three companies – IBM, McDonald’s and Coca-Cola — are emblematic of what that looks like as the fairy dust begins to wear off. 
Third Point LLC, a hedge fund, wants Amgen to break itself in two, using the faddish argument that narrowly focused companies outperform.  (Remember when it was good to be diversified?) Amgen is up 24.7% this year, including dividends, clobbering the S&P 500 and edging out the average biotech fund, Morningstar says.
Federal regulators have completed their overhaul of rules for mortgage lending , omitting a mandatory amount for a down payment, making it easier for borrowers to buy a home, but also easier for them to lose money.

15% in four days! 5 stocks rule the bounce15% in four days! 5 stocks rule the bounce
By: Matt Krantz October 22, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Photo: Vurtego.com
Panic selling rarely pays off — except for the investors buying stocks from those who are doing the panicking. And that pattern repeated again in October.
There are five stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including oil company Chesapeake Energy (CHK), carrier Delta Air Lines (DAL) and computer chipmaker Xilinx (XLNX) that have jumped 15% or more from their beaten-down levels on Oct. 15, 2014. And get this — you should have known about two of the five stocks ahead of time had you paid attention to the analysts and America’s Markets. Both Delta and Xilinx were stocks that analysts saw as opportunities along with four others .
Leading the comeback stocks is Chesapeake. Shares of the energy exploration company got beaten down to $17.77 a share on Oct. 15 amid worries about falling oil prices. But while nervous investors were selling, opportunists scooped up the shares for a tidy 22% gain in five days. Not bad.
And then there’s the impressive rebound in airline stocks, including Delta. Shares were pummeled to $32.38 on the 15th amid worries about Ebola constricting travel. But all that proved to be a brief freak-out moment and a buying opportunity for hawk-eyed investors. Shares have risen 16% since.
Again, when there’s panic in the street, you should be looking for opportunity. It may be some of the easiest money you can make in stocks.
CURRENT S&P 500 STOCKS UP THE MOST SINCE THE OCT. 15, 2014 BOTTOM
Company

They wore it; this Diwali  you wear it too: Part IIBigg Boss 8
Celeb Trend: Sari Blouses Get a Chic Twist
The Indian sari has been a haute essential for time immemorial. That said, several designers have given their own twist to the seven-yard wonder. Even the sari blouse has got its due with repect to stylish cuts, designs et al over the years. With our B-town A-listers always making a statement in designer sari blouses, we realised you could take some inspiration from them.
Image courtesy: IANS

Look at what Dia Mirza has posted onlineTrue heroes who battled cancer
Thu 16 Jun, 2011 5:04 PM IST
Steve Jobs, the visionary who transformed the worlds of personal computing, finally lost his years-long battle with pancreatic cancer. Six years ago, Jobs had talked about how a sense of his mortality was a major driver behind that vision. It takes real courage to swim against the current and smile even when you are writhing in pain. A look at the celebrity figures who showed great grit in their battle against cancer. Meet the real heroes. More » True heroes who battled cancer
Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
Fri 23 Dec, 2011 2:09 PM IST
From yummy to weird, here's a look at the menu of our pregnant celebs. Read on More » Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
She can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Celebs who insured their body parts
Mon 19 Sep, 2011 4:19 PM IST
German supermodel Heidi Klum has had her legs insured for $2 million. Learn more about other celebs who have insured their body parts. Photos More » Celebs who insured their body parts
How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Fri 26 Sep, 2014 3:29 PM IST
If we are to tell you that Aishwarya, Shilpa and Malaika are older than 35, would you believe us? The other age defying beauties. More » How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Tue 23 Sep, 2014 4:00 PM IST
Celebrity weddings present some amusing moments. Candid shots, tender moments, shared togetherness. Take a look
Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Sun 18 Sep, 2011 3:54 PM IST
What do you prefer? Katrina and Kangna's (fake) pout or the fuller natural lips of Kareena and Madhuri? Take a look More » Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Celebrity pets
Tue 16 Sep, 2014 5:30 PM IST
Paris Hilton has gotten a new pooch for herself, which reportedly is said to be the world's smallest Pomeranian, and could even fit in a purse for $13,000. And she isn't the only one with pets. Bill Clinton, had a cat; and MJ had a pet snake! These celebrity pets are as famous as their masters. Take a look More » Celebrity pets
Today on Yahoo

A couple of stars and a rare appearanceTrue heroes who battled cancer
Thu 16 Jun, 2011 5:04 PM IST
Steve Jobs, the visionary who transformed the worlds of personal computing, finally lost his years-long battle with pancreatic cancer. Six years ago, Jobs had talked about how a sense of his mortality was a major driver behind that vision. It takes real courage to swim against the current and smile even when you are writhing in pain. A look at the celebrity figures who showed great grit in their battle against cancer. Meet the real heroes. More » True heroes who battled cancer
Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
Fri 23 Dec, 2011 2:09 PM IST
From yummy to weird, here's a look at the menu of our pregnant celebs. Read on More » Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
She can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Celebs who insured their body parts
Mon 19 Sep, 2011 4:19 PM IST
German supermodel Heidi Klum has had her legs insured for $2 million. Learn more about other celebs who have insured their body parts. Photos More » Celebs who insured their body parts
How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Fri 26 Sep, 2014 3:29 PM IST
If we are to tell you that Aishwarya, Shilpa and Malaika are older than 35, would you believe us? The other age defying beauties. More » How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Tue 23 Sep, 2014 4:00 PM IST
Celebrity weddings present some amusing moments. Candid shots, tender moments, shared togetherness. Take a look
Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Sun 18 Sep, 2011 3:54 PM IST
What do you prefer? Katrina and Kangna's (fake) pout or the fuller natural lips of Kareena and Madhuri? Take a look More » Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Celebrity pets
Tue 16 Sep, 2014 5:30 PM IST
Paris Hilton has gotten a new pooch for herself, which reportedly is said to be the world's smallest Pomeranian, and could even fit in a purse for $13,000. And she isn't the only one with pets. Bill Clinton, had a cat; and MJ had a pet snake! These celebrity pets are as famous as their masters. Take a look More » Celebrity pets
Today on Yahoo

Angie s List crossed off by investors againAngie’s List co-founder Angie Hicks.
Investors continue to check Angie’s List ANGI and cross it off. More than twice.
Shares sank 19% to $6.67 Wednesday after the consumer review website posted a third-quarter loss that was an improvement over year-ago levels, but still disappointing to its harshest critic; Wall Street.
Angie’s posted losses of $5.2 million, or 9 cents a share, on revenue of $81.7 million – up 24% over the third quarter of 2013. Consensus estimates had Angie’s losing 5 cents a share and revenue of about $82 million. New  paid membership growth also slid 6%, to 350,376.
The Indianapolis-based company expects fourth-quarter revenue of $80 to $82 million.
“While we made strides executing on our marketplace, we see opportunity for further improvement, ” says CEO Bill Oesterle.
Word that the company was exploring a potential sale pushed shares up to $7.60 on Oct. 1, with some stock analysts estimating  he company could fetch up to $13 a share. But Angie’s List, named after co-founder Angie Hicks, has  a long history of vexing investors with sharp daily stock moves. In July, it tumbled 19% to $8.21 after posting disappointing second-quarter results.
Shares peaked in June 2013 at $27.66 a share. With Wednesday’s selloff, they’ve since dropped 76%.
 

Apple flirts with all-time highApple appears unstoppable as stock hits all-time high
By: Matt Krantz October 22, 2014 4:33 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
Shares of Apple (AAPL)  set a new intraday high of $104.11 Wednesday, as investors continue to scurry into the stock following its estimate-blowing third quarter.
The tech giant topped its previous intraday high of $103.72 set on Sept. 2, 2104 but shares ended up 52 cents, or 0.5%, to close at $102.99. That fell short of its closing high of $103.30 set on Sept. 2, 2014.
Wall Street analysts remain very bullish on the stock, holding out an 18-month price target of $115.52. Skeptics, though, remain,  especially as the stock reaches levels that have been difficult for it to sustain in the past, the smartphone market is maturing as well as the tablet market.
While most cellphone handset makers have eventually hit the wall as saturation hits — think Nokia and BlackBerry — bulls say this time is different. Fans of the stock point out that consumers have been trained to get a new phone every two years whether they need them or not. Also, the wireless carriers front the $700 price tag of new iPhones and allow consumers to pay off the balance over two years so it’s not as noticeable.
But skeptics look at the stock’s rising valuation and massive size. Apple can’t get by introducing thinner and lighter products to move the needle now; it needs huge hits. It’s unclear whether the Apple Watch will be anywhere as popular as Apple’s smartphone. Meanwhile, the stock is trading for about 16 times its trailing 12-month earnings, which is approaching the 18 peak set in April 2012.
Chart source: S&P Capital IQ
Apple’s dominance looks even more impressive compared with shares of Google, which are down this year:

Malaysia revs up Asean car dreamSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Heres what Preity had to say to the mediaWhen Priety Zinta Was Asked About Her Ex Ness Wadia
Recommend
Link
1 month 9 days ago, Business of Cinema
Priety Zinta is a well-known Bollywood personality. More so, she is known for raising her voice towards unjustice. She has raised her voice against the underworld, against racism and against anti-patriotism.  However, she does not wish to enjoy her celebrity status and infact wants to wait like a common individual for things to happen in regard of the law.  Want to know more? Watch the video above!
More on Business of Cinema:

GSK looks to new chapterShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
GSK looks to new chapter
Nov 3, 2014 : FT pharmaceuticals correspondent Andrew Ward and Lex editor Robert Armstrong discuss whether GlaxoSmithKline can ease shareholder concerns and move into a new chapter following the bribery scandal in China and a decline in its share price in the past year.

Tajikistan touts itself as new investment frontierSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

10 last-minute Diwali escapesBigg Boss 8
10 last-minute Diwali escapes
First the bad news: You slacked off instead of planning your Diwali holiday. The good news: Your Diwali bonus is here and it's begging to be used. Well, you know what to do.
Travel search engines around the web have registered a surge in activity just prior to the long Diwali weekend. While international destinations were on the hot list, a number of domestic destinations were being searched, too.
Yahoo India picks this list of top Diwali destinations. Where are you headed?
Bangkok, Thailand
For many Indians, Bangkok is home away from home. There’s plenty of great food, sights and entertainment. For a quintessentially desi experience, get on board one of the evening ... more 
Bangkok, Thailand
For many Indians, Bangkok is home away from home. There’s plenty of great food, sights and entertainment. For a quintessentially desi experience, get on board one of the evening cruises aboard the Chao Phraya River to gaze upon magnificent temples like Wat Arun (in picture). The Thai performers on board even sing your Bollywood favorites. Last heard from, Lungi Dance was a big hit. less 
1 / 10
Yahoo Lifestyle | Photo by Thinkstock
Wed 22 Oct, 2014 11:30 AM IST

OMG: Real SLEAZE in Bigg Boss revealed!Photo uploaded by Gayatri Goswami
on Sep 17, 2014 , 03:53 pm
14260 Views  |  5  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Bigg Boss 5 saw a romance build on chocolates. Yes, you heard it right, Vida Samadzai tried seducing Amar Upadhyay in the house and even went on to say she loves him just for a couple of chocolates. Image Source: Procured via Google Search.
Bigg Boss 5 saw a romance build on chocolates. Yes, you heard it right, Vida Samadzai tried seducing Amar Upadhyay in the house and even went on to say she loves him just for a couple of chocolates. Image Source: Procured via Google Search.

Parineeti Chopra s HOTTEST photos on the netPhoto uploaded by Vinay Ghosh
on Sep 16, 2014 , 05:05 pm
5828 Views  |  20  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Parineeti was never fond of actors and acting. She wanted to become an investment banker. Image Source: Procured via Google Search.
Parineeti was never fond of actors and acting. She wanted to become an investment banker. Image Source: Procured via Google Search.

Puneet Issar s AGGRESSIVE past revealed!Photo uploaded by Deeksha Talwar
on Oct 21, 2014 , 03:03 pm
4806 Views  |  5  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Better known for this role as Duryodhan in TV series Mahabharata, Puneet Issar is an actor par excellence who is currently enjoying his stint on controversial reality show Bigg Boss 8.     Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search
Better known for this role as Duryodhan in TV series Mahabharata, Puneet Issar is an actor par excellence who is currently enjoying his stint on controversial reality show Bigg Boss 8.     Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search

Turner Broadcasting System  Inc.WE SHARE STORIES
WITH THE WORLD
With global scope and local focus, we find and share the stories that matter to our audiences. On screens of every shape and size, in homes and hotels, airports and offices, you'll find Turner Broadcasting. We are where you are.

Do you know where you should place your idolsShare 0
Diwali, a five-day festival of glitter and gold, lights and colour, is one of the most important festivals of India. Irrespective of their social and financial status, Indians, especially Hindus across the world, celebrate this auspicious festival with tremendous vigour and excitement. People decorate their homes by making colourful and attractive rangoli patterns in the courtyard and in front of the main door and lighting beautiful diyas (clay lamps) and candles. Firecrackers, sweets and exchange of gifts are also a major part of the celebrations.
However, all the merrymaking and glitz are not the only highlights of the festivities. In fact, they are secondary; the most important feature of the festival is worshipping of Lord Ganesha, Vighnaharta and the foremost of all Hindu Gods, and Goddess Lakshmi, the Goddess of Wealth and Prosperity, Goddess Saraswati, the Goddess of Knowledge and Learning, Goddess Mahakali, the Goddess of Power and Energy, and performing Poojas to seek their divine blessings. According to the legends, these powerful and holy spirits enter only those houses which are well-decorated, clean and properly arranged. It is, therefore, necessary to do everything right to invite the Gods and Goddess to your home. Welcome Goddess Lakshmi to your home by stamping small footprints at the entrance of your home. These footprints bring prosperity and happiness. Also, Follow these Vastu tips to welcome health, wealth, peace and prosperity to your home, and thereby in your life.
 
Set your Pooja room correctly
The North-East corner of a house is perfectly suitable for a Pooja Ghar. Therefore, if possible, set the Pooja Ghar in this particular direction, if not, you may place it in the East. It is advisable that you avoid using colour black in the interiors of this sacred place. Keep a new and clean piece of cloth aside for the purpose of cleaning the photos and idols. Do not use this cloth for any other purpose. Avoid wearing black and dark colours while performing Pooja.
Add a special divine touch to your home temple this Diwali. Bring home a beautiful and specially attuned MeruPrushth Shree Yantra during the auspicious Muhurats of Diwali and Dhan Teras.
Place the idols right
The Northern portion of a home is associated with wealth. Hence, ideally, the Lakshmi pooja should be conducted in that location. However, do not keep two idols of the same god in the pooja ghar. Lord Ganesha should be kept on the left side of the Goddess Lakshmi and Goddess Saraswati should be placed on the right side of Goddess Lakshmi. Idols of all of these God and Goddess should be in sitting form. Place idols in the North-East direction and pictures of water and ‘Kalash’ in the east or north of the pooja room. While you put idols and images of gods, make sure that they are not put in a way that they would face the door of the pooja room or one another.
Get rid of waste and clutter
Before the festival of Diwali , Ganesha says, throw away all unwanted and useless items that have been lying around in the house and create some space for the new. As per the Vastu Shastra, the front door is related to opportunities. Therefore, make sure that the front door of your home opens fully and no clutter is stored behind it, otherwise the divine energies and opportunities may not enter your home. The main hall is the place where you primarily connect with the external world so it should always be neat, beautiful and welcoming. Don’t keep unnecessary and old stuff in this room, for they don’t generate positive vibes.
 
Remove negative vibes from your house
Kali Chaudash is one of the best days to remove all kinds of negativities from your home. On day of Kali Chaudash, that is, the second day of Diwali, you should worship either Goddess Kali or Lord Hanuman in order to remove negativities from physical, mental and emotional bodies. Several methods have been mentioned in Hindu religious scriptures, the Vedas, that remove negative effects from homes and offices. Here are some tips to protect your home from evil spirits. Not only that, these tips will also help you find peace and happiness at home. All these methods are meant to protect the individuals / home and business places from evil spirits, evil eyes, black magic, psychic attacks or any other type of negative forces.
However, before following and applying these tips, you need to understand the concept of Energy Field of your homes. It is a cosmo-magnetic energy field around your home which is not visible to most people, but it can be instinctively sensed or experienced by experts.
You may also chant the mantras mentioned here to gain strength and positivity. According to the science of Mantra, the armours (kavach) of different deities such as Lakshmi Kavach, Durga kavach, Shiva Kavach, Ram Kavach, Hanuman kavach etc. can be attained through the reciting of these mantra. Ganesha is of the opinion that each and every member of a family should chant these mantras in the Pooja room.
May Vajrahasta protects our five vital breaths (Pran, Apan, Vyan, Udan, Saman) and Kalyanashobhana protects our life force.
May Goddess Yogini protect our sense organs, that is, the faculties of taste, seeing, smell, hear and touch. May Narayni protects us.
May Varahi protects our life, Vaishnavi protects our dharma, Lakshmi protects our success, Chakrini protects our wealth and knowledge.
 
Offer Guggal Dhoop
During Diwali, you may offer Guggal Dhoop to each and every part of your home. The entire team of Vastu Purusha, consisting of Dwar Pal (Protector of Doors), Kshetra Pal (Protector of Regions), Dik Pal (Protector of Directions), regains energy by this Dhoop, says Ganesha. Besides, Guggal Dhoop removes stress from the domestic environment and instils harmony in the family. You may also offer Guggal Dhoop everyday to maintain the positive energy in your home.
 
Spray Salty Water
Mix salt in water and spray this salted water in each and every corner of your home on regular basis, especially around the time of Diwali, suggests Ganesha. It is believed that salt absorbs all the negativity from air, purifies the enviornment and helps you be happy and content. You may perform this remedy twice a week. Don’t forget to wash you hands after spraying the water.
Institute an energised Shree Yantra
When a pious and attuned Yantra – a tangible representation of the Mantras and Gods – is worshipped, attuned and instituted at a premises, it brings great peace, fortune and healing to the worshipper. The Yantras, given their structure and carving, are known to create positive and concentrated energy fields around them, whne they are worshipped and cared for regularly.
The auspicious Shree Yantra, one of the most powerful Yantras, is a symbol of Goddess Lakshmi herself. You may get a 2-dimensional Shree Yantra carved carefully on a gold plated metal plate OR a highly effective 3-dimensional, carved in 1gm gold plating MeruPrushth Shree Yantra this Diwali, and institute it at your home or office. With any of this Yantra, you will get a detailed set of guidelines and mantras, which you can use to your advantage to institute and worship this Yantra regularly to get lasting happiness, prosperity and good fortune.  Follow these easy and simple Vastu tips to welcome peace and prosperity this Diwali, advises Ganesha.
May you have a wonderful Diwali!
With Ganesha’s Grace,

Was Apples iCloud data hacked in China 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Canadian PM:  We will never be intimidated Canadian PM: 'We will never be intimidated by attacks'
Wednesday, 22 Oct 2014 |  8:09  PM ET
Canada will not be intimidated and will take all necessary steps to counter threats to the country, Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper said in an address late Wednesday.
SHARES

Four held over Total CEO plane crashSnowplow driver, 4 others held in plane crash that killed Total boss in Moscow
By Laura Smith-Spark, Alla Eshchenko and Phil Black, CNN
October 23, 2014 -- Updated 1026 GMT (1826 HKT)
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
NEW: Judge orders snowplow driver involved in crash to be held in pretrial detention
Director general of the airport and his deputy resign from their posts
Four other people are detained over a crash that killed the head of a French oil firm
Total CEO Christophe de Margerie and three others were killed in the crash in Moscow
(CNN) -- A snowplow driver who's been blamed by Russian authorities for a plane crash that killed the chief executive of the oil company Total has been sent to pretrial detention, his lawyer said Thursday.
Snowplow driver Vladimir Martynenko has denied claims by Russian officials that he was drunk at the time of the crash Monday at Moscow's Vnukovo International Airport.
Total CEO Christophe de Margerie and three others were killed after his plane hit the snowplow during takeoff and crashed.
Four other airport employees have also been detained in connection with the crash, a Russian investigative committee said earlier.
Total CEO death 'shocks' oil industry
They are: the airport service chief engineer, Vladimir Ledenev, who's in charge of snow-clearing operations; flights director Roman Dunayev; air traffic controller Svetlana Krivsun; and the airport's chief air traffic controller, Alexander Kruglov.
"Investigators believe the detained persons failed to provide safety requirements concerning flights and on-ground works and it led to the tragedy," a statement from the investigative committee said. "They have been detained and questioned as suspects in the case."
Amid the fallout from the incident, the airport's director general, Andrei Dyakov, and deputy director general Sergei Solntsev have resigned, the airport said in a statement Thursday. Their resignations have been accepted.
The airport's shift director, the head of the airport's maintenance division and the leading engineer who heads the shift have been suspended from duties.
Blood test
Martynenko's lawyer, Aleksandr Karabanov, told CNN that a court decided Thursday to place him in detention.
"The judge explained her decision, saying that the court decided that Martynenko could escape, put pressure on trial participants or destroy the evidence," Karabanov said.
He said the judge had also introduced a doctor's certificate with results of a preliminary medical examination.
She said that according to that data, Martynenko was found to be drunk, but the final results would be known and announced in five to seven days.
"I found it's ridiculous and it makes no sense," Karabanov said. "During that medical examination, Martynenko had a blood test that would show whether there was alcohol in his blood. It always takes only a day or two to get the results. Why are we still not given any?"
He said he was convinced his client was sober at the time.
Log book
Karabanov said at a news conference Wednesday that Martynenko had passed a daily "medical examination" that all snowplow operators at the airport are required to take before reporting for duty.
The lawyer said the results of the test were recorded in a log book that investigators now have.
According to the lawyer, Martynenko became separated from a convoy of snowplows after he heard a strange sound and stopped briefly to check his equipment.
The lawyer speculated that an unnamed air traffic controller saw the other snowplows in the convoy and cleared the runway without realizing that Martynenko's machine was still there.
The French government has deployed three investigators and two technical consultants from its aviation authority to also investigate the crash.
CNN's Alla Eshchenko and Phil Black reported from Moscow, and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London.

Japan s first jetliner in 50 yearsMitsubishi's MRJ launched at event in Nagoya on Saturday
Narrow-bodied plane is first new passenger jet from Japan in more than 50 years
Will begin test flights in 2015, commercial operations in 2017
(CNN) -- Japan is set to make its mark in the skies with its first new commercial jet in more than 50 years, the Mitsubishi Regional Jet, or MRJ.
Since Japan's last commercial passenger plane was flying routes across the nation, the country has led the world in high-speed rail and established a significant aerospace industry -- but it's taken a back seat when it comes to original aircraft development.
That's set to change with the narrow-bodied MRJ.
It was rolled out at Saturday's launch event, complete with a stirring taiko drum performance at the Komaki Minami plant in Nagoya, where one of Mitsubishi's most famous aircraft was developed: the A6M "Zero" World War II fighter plane.
The last commercial Japanese plane to operate was Mitsubishi's YS-11, a turboprop aircraft built between 1962 and 1972. It had been hoped the YS-11 would revive the Japanese aviation industry, but only 180 were sold, 99 of them in Japan.
Obstacles overcome
The project to develop the MRJ began in 2008. Speaking at the event, Hideake Omiya, chairman of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, said numerous problems and obstacles had to be overcome during the plane's development.
"We had to be prepared to bear the risk that could jeopardize our company's foundation. Going forward this jet will fly to every corner of the world. This is the moment of dreams come true."
Composites are used in the construction of the MRJ, which will be powered by two Pratt & Whitney PW1200G engines. The jet will be available in two iterations, the 70-seat MRJ70 and 90-seat MRJ90. It has a pointed nose that wouldn't be out of place on a bullet train.
ANA is the launch customer for the four-seats-abreast plane, with 15 firm orders.
At the rollout event on Saturday, Shinichiro Ito, president and CEO of ANA, said the company is "determined to help ensure the MRJ becomes an aircraft loved and appreciated by our passengers."
Five MRJs will begin test flights in the second quarter of 2015, with commercial operations set to launch in 2017.
Going up against Embraer and Bombardier in the narrow-bodied-jet sector, Mitsubishi says six airlines have more than 400 MRJ planes on order or with options to purchase: ANA, JAL, Air Mandalay, Sky West, Trans States, and a relaunched Eastern Air Lines.

Jo Malone s  million dollar noseSmell of success: Jo Malone's 'million dollar nose'
From Nina Dos Santos, CNN
October 20, 2014 -- Updated 1007 GMT (1807 HKT)
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
Meet Jo Malone, the woman behind the eponymous fragrance company
Sold business to Estée Lauder in 2006 in reported multi-million dollar deal
Five years later started new company, Jo Loves, selling luxury fragrance goods
Left school as a teen to care for mother, started creating fragrances at home
Editor's note: Leading Women connects you to extraordinary women of our time -- remarkable professionals who have made it to the top in all areas of business, the arts, sport, culture, science and more.
(CNN) -- Jo Malone must have one of the most lucrative noses on the planet.
The British entrepreneur's ability to create delicate scents -- apparently coveted by everyone from the Duchess of Cambridge to Jennifer Lopez -- helped her create a multi-million dollar fragrance empire.
Today her name is synonymous with luxuriously scented cream-colored candles with minimalist black trim, delivered in an oversized carrier bag.
Malone sold her namesake fragrance company to cosmetics giant Estée Lauder in 2006 in a rumored multi-million dollar deal, admitting "I hadn't anticipated how much of my soul was in that business."
Retail CEO: Hard work is in my DNA
Retail powerhouse embraces fear
Five years later she launched a new company -- Jo Loves -- which much like the original store, sells candles, bath oils, and perfumes, now with names like "Shards of Cedar and Red Thyme," "Green Orange and Coriander," and "A Shot of Thai Lime Over Mango."
But it wasn't an easy journey to the top, and speaking to CNN's Leading Women, Malone reveals how some of her biggest obstacles, also became her biggest sources of inspiration.
"I'm dyslexic so I wouldn't be able to write you a letter or read you a paragraph. But I use my sense of smell like my eyes and hands. It's something that happens naturally to me, so I would look at what you're wearing, and who you are, and I would be translating it back into smell."
"I left school in my early teens to take care of my mother. And I remember as a little girl, sitting in my bedroom and looking out the window and thinking: 'I don't want to live my life like this. I don't want to live hand to mouth, frightened that there's not going to be something to eat at the end of the day.'"
"Jo Malone wasn't just a business... she was my best friend. She'd see me through the best and worst times of my life. I realized that it was like a child to me, and after I sold it I could see this business that I still felt a huge amount of emotion for but was not part of it. I would go to any store and touch the face cream and just had to leave."
"When I fought cancer I didn't know that I was going to come out the other end. And yet my mental attitude was that I would always find a point where I wanted to get to, and I'd head towards it."
"If I had to choose a different career, I'd be a cook, a chef, and work with food. I love food and I love flavor. Everything that I smell, I want to be able to taste too."

Want to get rich Move hereStarting a business? Here are the 10 best emerging cities to launch your startup
By Peter Shadbolt, for CNN
October 13, 2014 -- Updated 1541 GMT (2341 HKT) |
Vietnam's business capital, Ho Chi Minh City continues its ascent. "The city has spawned Flappy Bird and with 70% of the population under the age of 30, the energy and buzz in this country will continue to build on its growing startup scene," said Nest Investment CEO Simon Squibb.
Nairobi's iHub (pictured) is a co-working space that's become the epicenter of Kenya's burgeoning tech scene. "Kenya has the fastest mobile adoption rates in Africa," said Squibb. "The revolutionary success of big players like M-Pesa, which has resulted in the prevalence of mobile payments, has equipped cities like Nairobi with the mindset and technology to succeed in the startup space."
India's undisputed tech city remains Bangalore. "With a highly educated and skilled talent pool, Bangalore has long been a tech capital. Several initiatives, including the UK Indian Business Council, are building on this ingrained tech hub to scale it up as a startup haven."
"Start Up Chile is doing a great job at promoting entrepreneurship and at Nest we've seen an increasing number of interesting startups applying from Chile," Squibb said.
A client uses a tablet computer in the world's first cybercafe equipped with tablet computers, in the Medina, a popular district of Dakar. "Dakar is a good jumping off point into Francophone sub-Saharan Africa and due to the large number of international companies headquartered there for central and west Africa, many have global connections that can take their startups to the next level," Squibb said.
"There is no shortage of tech talent here, which now often goes hand-in-hand with a thriving startup ecosystem. The sheer volume of tech freelancers in this city is an indication of a startup hub with a talent pool waiting to be unleashed," Squibb said.
"Already known as a business capital in the region, there have been some promising startups coming out of Lagos. iRokoTV is dubbed the 'Netflix of Africa,' and BudgIT has great implications for government transparency. Young, creative and tech-savvy: The Co-Creation Hub is the go-to place for the forward-thinking Nigerian."
"Lima is a great opportunity given its access to a market of 10 million people in the Andean community. Government and private support has been on the rise with Wayra and Startup Peru generating great interest and activity in the ecosystem," Squibb said.
"Hong Kong has a strong rule of law and a unique global connectivity, in terms of both its potential markets and the local talent pool. With close links to manufacturing in China and a strong finance industry, Hong Kong's hardware, wearable-tech, big data and fintech startups are particularly well suited to this eco-system."
"Venture capital investments have tripled since Q1 2014 in Tel Aviv, and we've seen an increased amount of high quality startups from this market wanting to scale aggressively into China for example," Squibb said.
HIDE CAPTION
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Nairobi, Kenya

From sheep skin to chic glovesSheep skin from Ethiopia is particularly useful in making gloves
Ethiopia's 90-million cattle, sheep and goat population is one of the world's largest
Foreign firms are establishing factories in Ethiopia to take advantage of the national resources
CNN Marketplace Africa is a weekly show offering a unique window into African business on and off the continent
(CNN) -- The steady hum of sewing machines fills the air inside a large glovemaking factory on the outskirts of Addis Ababa, the bustling Ethiopian capital. Patches of leather move through an array of working stations as busy laborers work feverishly to meet the company's export quota: 5,000 gloves a day.
The operation belongs to Pittards, a UK-based company whose trading partnership with Ethiopia dates back to the early 1900s.
Here, hardy, durable cow hide is made into work gloves. These are ideal for builders and gardeners, and are mainly exported to the U.S.
Ethiopian fashion on the U.S. highstreet
Ethiopia: Agriculture to industry
And then there are the stylish designs -- created from a different type of animal skin, these are made to keep fingers warm in Tokyo, Paris and Rome.
"The fashion glove is made of sheep skin which is unique to Ethiopia," explains Tsedenia Mekbib, general manager at Pittards Products Manufacturing. "The durability, the stretch ability and the strength makes it popular for gloving leather specifically. That has been the one strength of Ethiopia and the leather sector."
Sophisticated designs with decorative touches may be the hallmark of this type of glove, but they must also be practical. Ethiopia's climate makes this animal skin effective at withstanding the winter chill -- an essential selling point.
And this effective material is in abundant supply. Ethiopia's 90-million cattle, sheep and goat population is one of the world's largest, according to the United Nations Industrial Development Organization .
Pittards workers inside the tannery of the company's Ethiopia-based plant.
CNN
Creative process
What slips onto the customer's hand may be elegant, but the process to create the glove certainly is not.
It all starts in the tannery where workers -- dressed in aprons and thick, elbow-high protective gloves -- convert the raw animal hides and skins into finished leather through a number of processes.
Ethiopia's white honey goes global
Ethiopia's passionate beekeepers
Some of the steps include soaking the skin and fleshing it to remove any unwanted parts. A retanning process where the leather is colored is followed by a stage under a special vacuum dryer where the skin is dried and then stretched to increase its surface area.
Once all this has happened, another machine softens the leather to make it flexible -- an important feature of gloves. The end product, ready for export, is pure sheep skin prepared to be turned into gloves -- labeled with the thickness and the area it covers.
Export ban
In a move to encourage value addition and increase revenues generated by the leather sector, the Ethiopian government banned all exports of raw hides and skins in 1989. Between 2006 and 2012, the total value of Ethiopia's exports of leather and leather products grew from $66 million to $112 million .
And it's not just Pittards that have realized the opportunity to make gloves in Ethiopia. According to the Leather Industry Development Institute , two other factories in the country are focused on creating the hand garments.
Shoes is another major area which uses Ethiopian leather. The country is home to dozens of shoemaking companies, including local names such as Olibert e and international players like the Huajian Group , a Chinese company that has been exporting some 20,000 pairs of shoes a month since it launched its manufacturing facility outside Addis Ababa in 2012.
Business conditions
Despite a major focus to rapidly build its energy and transport infrastructure, Ethiopia is still struggling to provide the best conditions for businesses setting up shop in the country.
Having the solutions to these challenges would allow us to be competitive as a country and as a company as a whole.
Tsedenia Mekbib, Pittards
"The challenges that we encountered when we started business are from power cuts to logistics to foreign currency availability, to lead time in having available raw materials," explains Mekbib. "Having the solutions to these challenges would allow us to be competitive as a country and as a company as a whole."
Beyond these issues, international manufactures also struggle to recruit workers. Ethiopia's population is growing at a rate of 2.89%, placing it among the top 15 fastest growing populations in the world, according to the CIA Factbook .
But a large workforce and a skilled work force is not the same thing. In fact, Mekbib says "bridging the gap between the rest of the world and the skills set in Ethiopia on the ground has been the greatest challenge so far."
Another growth area, is the number of Ethiopians entering the middle class and showing a desire to buy high quality clothes. In a report published this month, the IMF said the country is on track to achieve its goal of reaching middle income status by 2025. The trend is so clear to Pittards that they are now targeting consumers inside the country.
But for Ethiopians, it's not just the top quality of the leather products that makes them take out their wallets, it's also access to a label they can call their own: made in Ethiopia.

Why you should power pose>>
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
When it comes to first impressions, things haven't changed much since the days of the caveman
People decide within the first few seconds of meeting you whether you are friend or foe
According to experts, body language largely determines the outcome of job interviews, dates and negotiations
Studies have found that standing in a positive, open pose can make you more successful
Editor's note: ' Thinking Business ' focuses on the psychology of getting ahead in the workplace by exploring techniques to boost employee performance, increase creativity and productivity.
London (CNN) -- Imagine your boss as a caveman.
He's running across the Savannah -- chasing Palaeolithic game with a rock, wearing only a loincloth.
He spots you and halts! Assuming a defensive position, his eyes carefully scan you for signs: Are you friend or foe?
The verdict takes seconds for him to reach, and with no verbal language to inform him, his decision is based primarily on your body language.
Believe it or not, this is similar to what happens in office environments around the world, every day.
The power of body language
"In the first few seconds of meeting someone, they will determine whether you are friend or predator, and the rest of the time their brains will be gathering information to support that," says Mark Bowden, author of Winning Body Language .
"In business, first impressions are crucial," says Carol Kinsey Goman, international speaker and author of The Silent Language of Leader .
"Once someone mentally labels you likeable or un-likeable, powerful or submissive, everything else you do will be viewed through that filter. If someone likes you, she'll look for the best in you. If she doesn't like you, or mistrusts you, she'll suspect devious motives in all your actions."
In the first few seconds of meeting someone, they will determine whether you are friend or predator
Mark Bowden, author of Winning Body Language
Read more: The key to your next promotion? Crayons
In a recent MIT study by Dr. Alex Pentland , researchers using a "sociometer" to measure unconscious nonverbal signals between people -- found that body language can predict the outcome of interactions such as job interviews, dating, negotiations, etc., with an average accuracy of 80%.
According to Pentland , this channel of communication was started among our ancestors long before the evolution of language itself.
In what is likely the most cited study on body language, Dr. Albert Mehrabian found that in determining our perception of someone else's likeability, their body language --appearance, posture, gesture, touch, facial expression, eye contact, and tone of voice -- accounts for 93% of the communication, while words account for only 7% .
While this study is seen as limited in its scope -- experts say there is little doubt that body language is the major piece of data, upon which we determine our perception of other.
And, that it is particularly important in communicating feelings and attitudes.
"Body language has everything to do with whether you have leadership presence or leadership potential," says Goman.
"If anything you do has an emotional component -- particularly when leading change, negotiating, and so on -- your body language is communicating most of that for you."
"If you really want someone to listen to you -- you need to make it into their friend category," says Bowden.
"They will listen to you more carefully, and they will look for positive things."
The trouble with body language of course, is that we are often unaware of what we are doing -- and may be sabotaging our most important messages.
You may be slouching because you're tired, but people read it as a sign of disinterest
Carol Kinsey Goman, international speaker and author of The Silent Language of Leader
Read more: Is a wandering mind a creative mind?
"You may be slouching because you're tired, but people read it as a sign of disinterest," says Goman.
"You may be more comfortable standing with your arms folded across your chest -- or you may be cold -- but others see you as resistant and unapproachable."
Body language vs speech
In one University of Colgate study , neuroscientists who studied the effects of hand gestures related to speech -- found that when a speakers gestures do not match what is being said -- our brains dip into a valley dubbed N400 -- the same dip that occurs when people listen to nonsensical language.
Basically, if your message is inconsistent -- you stop making sense.
That's not all, says Bowden -- "If something is incongruent -- meaning I say happy words with unhappy body language -- your brain is wired to default to negative judgment. Your primitive brain sees this as insufficient data, and immediately moves me into the predator category."
"We would rather be overly cautious than dead," says Goman.
That said, there is a way to make your own inner caveman work to your advantage.
In one Harvard study , people who took on a power pose -- such as an expansive superman-like position -- for just two minutes before a job interview, raised their testosterone levels, lowered their stress hormone cortisol -- and as a result performed better and were more likely to be hired, than people who took on more contractive, low-power poses .
The powerful pose
Read more: The power of positive thought
So, assuming a powerful position not only changes others perception of you -- but your perception of yourself.
The key to using this trick in any situation -- where the superman pose might not be appropriate -- is to take up more space.
"Sit up in the chair, move your arms away from your body, spread out," says Goman.
Rolling your shoulders forward and making yourself small, signals weakness and fear.
If you want to stand out and win trust, expose your front, hold your palms open at belly level -- where all your important organs are -- and smile, says Bowden.
"This shows people that there are no predators in the room."
Sit up in the chair, move your arms away from your body, spread out
Carol Kinsey Goman, international speaker and author of The Silent Language of Leader
To signal empathy, warmth, and likeability -- lean towards someone, smile, use open palm gestures, and maintain good eye contact.
The key is to focus on how your body language is being perceived -- not what you are trying to get across.
"Even if it feels phony, you have to realize your habits and inattention are sending messages that are just as inauthentic," says Goman.
So are others around you -- which means we are likely to read and judge each other incorrectly.
"I tell people to lead don't read," says Bowden.
"Lead by showing body language that is positive, rather than trying to read people. We are always guessing what other people are thinking -- but our chances of defaulting to negatives are pretty high."
His message -- give people a chance by suspending your inner caveman now and then.
"We have evolved," he says, "we have a neocortex and we can actually do what we can to suspend judgment."

The  universal translator  is comingBy Jacopo Prisco , for CNN
October 16, 2014 -- Updated 1635 GMT (0035 HKT) | Filed under: Innovations
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
Skype Translator offers near-real time language translation during video calls
A beta version will be launched as a Windows 8 app later this year
The new technology promises improved speech recognition compared to previous methods
Editor's note: Tomorrow Transformed explores innovative approaches and opportunities available in business and society through technology.
(CNN) -- Skype users will soon be able to conduct voice and video calls supported by a near-real time translation technology.
And while it can't yet guarantee that no fine detail will be lost in translation, Microsoft's new idea for its video chat platform surely feels like something straight out of science fiction.
No longer will our hopes for such a marvel be tagged to imaginary aquatic creatures -- the Babel fish from "The Hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy" -- or improbable "telepathic fields", such as the one cast by Doctor Who's TARDIS to relay any alien language to its pilot in plain English.
It all sounds, in fact, quite similar to what Klingons in Star Trek use to make their generally belligerent intentions quite clear: an unseen, but ever-present, "universal translator".
The idea that people don't understand each other, it's going to be a thing of the past.
Gurdeep Pall, Corporate VP, Skype
"The idea that people don't understand each other, it's going to be a thing of the past," Gurdeep Pall, Corporate VP of Skype, told CNN's Richard Quest.
"In the same way it's hard to imagine a world before you were able to travel to different places and quickly, whether it be in a car or a plane, we'll never think about, wow, those were the dark ages where people couldn't understand each other. That's where we're headed."
Called Skype Translator, the add-on builds on the research done for Microsoft Translator , and uses a technology called Deep Neural Networks, which yields significantly better speech recognition results than previous methods.
It will be available as a Windows 8 beta app before the end of the year, but Microsoft is already showing off its English to German functionality, as you can see in the video above.
It is still unclear whether the service will be free for the 300 million Skype users, or will be extended to other platforms.
Microsoft is not alone in its quest for a universal translator. Google already offers translation by voice in its Google Translation service and is also working on integrating real-time translation into Android. And Sigmo , a Bluetooth device that promises real time speech translation in 25 languages, went through a successful crowdfunding campaign last year.
Read more from Tomorrow Transformed:

Prepaid smart meters outwit Africa s power thievesThe city of Tshwane in South Africa is installing pre-paid electricity smart meters
The city has endemic problems of late payment, long-term debtors and electricity theft
It's hoped smart meters will bring much-needed investment in the sector
Poor electricity infrastructure in places like Africa or India makes energy theft easy
Editor's note: Smart Business explores the ways companies are thinking smart to thrive in our digitized world.
(CNN) -- In the narrow winding lanes of Old Delhi, the knotted masses of electrical wiring hanging across the streets are sometimes so thickly entwined they blot out the sun.
In the streets of Bangkok, electricity wires loop and run in chaotic bundles from concrete power poles. In the slums of Mumbai to the townships of South Africa, electricity infrastructure is a triumph of make and mend.
For power utilities in emerging markets, collecting the bills from this tangled skein of wiring is a nightmare and slow payment - even outright energy theft - remains a powerful disincentive for new investment in the sector.
Smart solutions
One company, however, says smart meters may hold the answers to the power problems of the world's emerging markets.
While smart meters have been in use in the United States and Europe for more than a decade, in markets such as Africa they are set to encourage much-needed investment in the sector.
'Solar entrepreneur' powers own home
Entrepreneur fights energy poverty
Can renewable energy transform Africa?
The devices not only record electricity consumption but relay information back to the utility for monitoring and billing purposes. Critically, they also require pre-payment which means that utilities that produce the power can be sure they will be paid for it.
Alain Bollack, director at the Global Power & Utilities Centre of Ernst and Young, said the company worked with the city of Tshwane outside Johannesburg in South Africa to install pre-paid smart meters to solve endemic problems of late payment, long-term debtors and electricity theft.
"The city had two major problems," Bollack told CNN. "The first was they couldn't collect the cash from customers -- either businesses or individuals. They had 800,000 customers that were an average 500 days in arrears.
"The second was that a lot of clients were stealing electricity and that's very common in emerging markets."
Chaotic infrastructure
He said the chaotic nature of the electricity infrastructure in places like Africa or India means that stealing energy is easy.
"Often it's as easy as hooking onto a line, bypassing the meter and getting free energy. The first major problem of energy in emerging markets is getting access to it i the first place, the second problem is that when there is access it gets stolen."
He said cities such as Mumbai had worked hard over the past 10 years to reduce the opportunity for consumers to steal electricity.
"Over ten years ago, some 65% of the energy produced in Mumbai was not paid for," Bollack said.
Smart meters, he said, require customers to pay before they consume and also relay information back to the utilities if the meters are tampered with in any way.
Legislation is key
So far, some 3000 smart meters have been rolled out in Tshwane, particularly among high consumers of energy. At the core of the solution, however, is legislation and Bollack said that the city government passed laws to enforce the new rule.
"That might not be very pleasant for many consumers but, at the end of the day, if you provide a service, it's quite normal to pay for it," Bollack said. "If you have asked nicely for many many years and people still won't pay, then you have a right to enforce that by law."
He said the value proposition extended to consumers in that they also gained a better picture through smart metering of what and how they consumed electricity.
Over ten years ago, some 65% of the energy produced in Mumbai was not paid for
Alain Ballock
Ultimately, however, energy theft is not a sustainable business model, leading to under-investment, more costly production and higher prices. Bollack said that Tshwane's foray into smart meters was now being viewed with interest from countries throughout the region including Ghana, Zimbabwe, Mozambique and parts of Nigeria.
"They are looking at it as a possible way of resolving the financing problem of energy infrastructure in Africa," Bollack said. "If you are lucky if you've got investors from China or the US or Europe, who are happy to put billions on the table but don't have any guarantee of return on investment."
Holy grail
He said that smart meters in Africa are fast becoming the holy grail for energy sector investors and ultimately could accelerate investment that would provide power for millions more people in the region.
While critics might argue that consumers have gone from free, albeit stolen electricity, to electricity they now can't afford, Bollack said smart meters, for the first time, could reverse the vicious circle created by energy theft.
"The business case for the city of Tshwane is interesting," he said. "Energy is one of the city's main sources of revenue and what they are saying is that smart meters are not being introduced to balance the books, but to collect the cash to reinvest it into the community.
"Even though there's a lag between when you collect the cash and reinvest, what you ultimately create is a virtuous circle."

CNNMoney Android AppSteve Noall
Latest update is terrible Waaay too much white space between headlines, which requires excessive amounts of scrolling to move through the list.  Annoying "news/markets" buttons constantly vanishing and reappearing.  Market index prices can no longer be collectively viewed at a glance, but can now only be viewed one at a time. Huge step backwards compared to previous layout.
Wayno Guerrini
Does NOT work with Facebook. You can not share articles on Facebook.   Gets an error saying the developers did not properly set up the app for Facebook.   Email the link to yourself then copy/paste on Facebook. App is now extremely annoying to use with the floating news / market buttons.    Makes app unusable..      Wayno At&t 
User reviews
Brad Gregory November 17, 2014
You guys really really screwed this app up. Go back to the old version there was nothing wrong with it.
Ken Moorley November 14, 2014
Internal Memory Capacity Great APP Please allow to be moved to SD card in order to reduce footprint on internal memory
Full Review
CNNMoney November 11, 2013
Hi Ken, you are right, the 1.5.6 build catastrophically failed. We just uploaded 1.5.7 (11:00 am EST, 11/11/2013) and it might take a couple of hours to make it through the Google Play store. Sorry about that, the app did not have the correct error handling to catch the data error that was causing the crash. This won't happen in future builds.
Aleksander Mrugala November 13, 2014
Data Consumption! Well, I'm over my data limit thanks to this app, not very nice. Seriously ate 25% of my 2 gig data plan. Can't comment if this has been fixed since I'll be 2G speeds for the next week. Anyways its not that big of a deal for me, but I can see this screwing over a lot of people that might pay overage fees that can't afford them. I would like CNN to have an article on how they messed up this big! It'll be a while before I change this review since CNN cannot be trusted to do quality control and we end up paying
Robert Thomas November 11, 2014
Still messed up Please just go back to old version until someone can remove all of the white space......
Full Review
CNNMoney June 12, 2013
We did a ton of testing and we were assured the Watchlists would be preserved through the update. I'm very very sorry they weren't. Small silver lining is you can now back up and protect your Watchlist by signing in, which will also make your Watchlist available on multiple devices and platforms.
Steve Noall November 12, 2014
Latest update is terrible Waaay too much white space between headlines, which requires excessive amounts of scrolling to move through the list.  Annoying "news/markets" buttons constantly vanishing and reappearing.  Market index prices can no longer be collectively viewed at a glance, but can now only be viewed one at a time. Huge step backwards compared to previous layout.
Wayno Guerrini November 14, 2014
Does NOT work with Facebook. You can not share articles on Facebook.   Gets an error saying the developers did not properly set up the app for Facebook.   Email the link to yourself then copy/paste on Facebook. App is now extremely annoying to use with the floating news / market buttons.    Makes app unusable..      Wayno At&t 
Khoo Zhen Ye November 13, 2014
Latest Update Not very user friendly.  Please go back to the previous edition
Gary Brown November 13, 2014
Gary Brown New app looks a lot better than the old one. Hopefully it works just as well.
Randall Miner November 13, 2014
Update wasn't really needed..? Liked the earlier version better.  Now seems like having to search more for info I'm interested in.
Al B November 27, 2014
Thanks for taking my favorite app and turning it into a piece of crap.  Will be deleting it.
Tony Chan November 13, 2014
Like the new UI.. very refreshing.
D Chev November 15, 2014
CNN Money Please go back to the original version thank you
abhinav chopra November 14, 2014
new version sucks the previous version was awesome. the new version that came in November 2014 hangs and just doesn't work.
gene l November 13, 2014
hate the update way too much spacing and scrolling.. time to delete this app
Ryan Burroughs November 25, 2014
Font size Font size option does nothing in settings
Wayne Edmonds November 25, 2014
Data Hog I could run 3 competitor biz apps and still use less of my data limit than CNN Money used.
Dell Pacino November 14, 2014
Nice start Love the UI overhaul, but needs some work. Please move that section selector at the type with the icon Android users are not familiar with, and make a slide-out navigation bar. I seen the website, which prompted me to download the new app. Not sure why the web had a side navi and this doesn't....
Winnie White November 18, 2014
Want Old Version Hate this new look! Looks messy! Why was it changed??? Return to old version, PLEASE!
jim pruett October 24, 2014
Messed Up I read CNN money every day to follow the market and financial news. I am very disappointed with the latest version. It's a clumsy and stupid update probably designed by someone who was intoxicated late at night and turned his/her project at the last minute. Now I read Market Watch.
K A Anderson November 7, 2014
WWHATT THE HECK ?? latest  update is clumsy and arduous!  For android i want  it down n dirty..not so many clicks and menues ..if i want indepth its not on my abdroid phone .. bring back  previous version ..hate this on will be searching for a more straight forward app /display of a market watch  to use   arrrgh
Mike Pozsgay November 6, 2014
200 mb data used in one day Didn't do much other than read a couple articles today and this app used 200 mb. Never had this problem before upgrading from last version. I'll be uninstalling...
Joseph Smith October 22, 2014
Data usage increased I don't mind the look of it but why has my data consumption increased since the new update?I will be going over my data limit this month and it's from this app. I also do not watch any of the videos nor do I have breaking news on so I am unsure what the issue is.
scott raines October 18, 2014
Why So Radical? If you love white space, then you found a great app! If you enjoyed the efficient format of the previous incarnation of CNN Money, then you are very disappointed. Drastically remodeling a fabulous app is so unnecessary because all it does is lower your ratings, ie the CNN app. Want to be a winner in app development?  Allow the end user to decide.
Debbie Fenner October 20, 2014
Liked the old version way better.  No quick update option.  Too big per page...
Ryan Frizzell October 18, 2014
Not Bad But I liked the old version better.
Full Review
CNNMoney November 11, 2013
Hi Ryan, you are right, the 1.5.6 build catastrophically failed. We just uploaded 1.5.7 (11:00 am EST, 11/11/2013) and it might take a couple of hours to make it through the Google Play store. Sorry about that, the app did not have the correct error handling to catch the data error that was causing the crash. This won't happen in future builds.
Doug Murphy October 30, 2014
How does CNN keep screwing up their apps so badly? First they totally ruined the CNN app, now this terrible update to CNN money. Please explain how this is happening. I am frustrated with the app but that emotion is outweighed by total confusion. Is Apple paying you to ruin your Android apps?
Andy T October 23, 2014
Used up 300MB of background data in a day Which isn't good for people without unlimited, ie most people. Fix and I'll give five stars.
Taeyong Sung November 4, 2014
Use too much data It uses too much data after upgrade.
Tim Orr October 20, 2014
WOW....all change is not good!! Go back to last version or I'm uninstalling!
Ramin Valipour October 30, 2014
Old version was much better
Kelvin Kwong November 9, 2014
Killed my data after update
Scott Upwright October 18, 2014
Not a fan of new format Liked old format better. Don't open all the topics on start. Loved old version.
Jim ODonnell November 3, 2014
Bad This new update is terrible I will uninstall.
Andrew Wong October 18, 2014
Market trade
sophie seshat November 5, 2014
Huh???
Eric Montgomery November 6, 2014
Data hog. Don't mind the new format, but have to remember to only use it on Wi-Fi.
Chuck Brady October 17, 2014
Terrible Update This was my favorite financial/investment app for cell and tapering update.  Update is very slow, difficult to navigate and impossible to read investment list. What a waste.
Yen Nguyen October 16, 2014
Great update I like the new layout with the thumbnails for articles. The revamped market section is nice too.
Alex Harris October 17, 2014
No refresh button....was a simple useful app now pretty awful.
Michael V October 15, 2014
Easy to use Doesn't work after last update!  UPDATE: newest release is working fine.  12/7 UPDATE: unable to play videos; app force closes

US Workers Don t take All Their Vacation DaysTODAY   |  August 21, 2014
US workers don’t take all their vacation days
Many Americans simply refuse to take time off, or can’t unplug from the office; NBC’s Tom Costello reports. TODAY viewers let us know how they spend their time off; Willie Geist reports from the Orange Room.
Share This:

Sometimes it s okay to raid the 401(k) piggybank. Sometimes it s not  and you ll never catch up.Email
When times are tight, that money sitting in your 401(k) can look very tempting. If it's the difference between paying hospital bills, getting out of crushing debt or fixing a hole in the roof, it can be hard not to dip in. But is it always a smart idea? That's just one of the several most frequently asked questions about 401(k)s. Here's the answer to that and other common 401(k) questions.
Q: Can I borrow from my 401(k)?
A: You can, but it’s not generally a good idea for several reasons.  If you leave a company, you typically have to repay the loan within 60 days.  If you don’t have the money because you’ve used it for something else, it will be treated like a withdrawal – meaning you’ll pay income taxes and penalties.  That can cost 30 to 40 cents on the dollar.  Ouch.  The other reason, though, is that when your money is not in your 401(k) it’s no longer growing tax deferred.  The S&P 500 is up more than 90 percent over the last 5 years.  That’s a lot of growth to have missed.  
Video: TODAY’s financial editor Jean Chatzky offers advice on how to handle your 401(k), including how much you should contribute, and explains the difference between a Roth 401(k) and a regular 401(k).
Q: If my employer isn’t matching my contributions should I still put money into a 401(k)?
A: Generally, yes.  401(k)s work because they get around the human factor.  They swipe your money out of your paycheck before you have a chance to see it or touch it. If you do want to tap it before you hit retirement age you face nasty taxes and penalties, so you’re more inclined to keep your hands off.  We need that automation working in our favor. You can also put much more money into a 401(k) than you can into an IRA or Roth.  
Q: I’m leaving my job, what should I do with my 401(k)?
A: Generally, you have four choices: You can cash out and pay income taxes as well as a 10 percent penalty if you’re not 59 ½.  Let’s take that bad option off the table.  That leaves you with three more.  You can leave the money in your former employer’s plan, roll it into your new employer’s plan, or roll it into an IRA.
Many people will tell you that an IRA is absolutely the way to go – but it isn’t always.  Although you have a wider variety of investments with an IRA, the cost may be higher.  IRA’s frequently charge an annual, not-too-high maintenance fee, but the expenses associated with buying the individual mutual funds you’re likely to invest in may be much higher.  When you’ve got the money in a 401(k), it’s like being in a group health insurance plan – you have the purchasing power of a an entire plan behind you.  You’re not operating on your own. The thing to do is compare both the costs of your old plan, new plan and an IRA and the costs of the investments you’re interested in.  And if you DO roll your money into either an IRA or your new plan, make sure the transfer happens directly.  You do NOT want a check being cut to you.
Jean also answered viewers 401(k) questions in a live Twitter chat using #getaplan.
Q: I’m now being offered both a Roth 401(k) and a regular one – which is best?
A:  You’re not alone.  Roth 401(k)s have only been around since 2006, but more than half of employers now offer them.   A quick reminder of the difference between Roth and Regular – it works the same way with 401(k)s as it does with IRAs.  With a Roth, you pay taxes on the money before you it goes into the account.  But you don’t have to pay taxes upon withdrawal.  With a traditional or regular 401(k) you put in pretax money -- and get a tax deduction for doing so -- and you pay taxes when you pull the money out in retirement at whatever your tax rate is then.  So, if you expect your tax rate to be higher in retirement (or if you expect tax rates to go up) putting some money in a Roth is a good idea.  Similarly, if you’re young and have decades for the money to grow tax-free, Roths work in your favor.  (When you’re young, your likely not at your peak earning potential, which means you don’t lose as much on the tax deduction.)  One thing to keep in mind: It’s not bad to split the difference.  At retirement, it helps to have some money you’ve already paid taxes on and other money that is tax-deferred.  If you’ve already got a Roth IRA, using a traditional 401(k) as a supplement is a good way to go.  If you make too much money ($129,000 for singles, $191,000 for married couples) to qualify for a Roth IRA, a Roth 401(k) is nice work-around.
Q: How much should I be putting into my 401(k)?
A: More employers are “defaulting” their employees into their 401(k) plans.  The problem is, they put them in at a contribution level – typically – of just 3 percent.  That is not going to give you enough money to retire.   Instead, if you earn less than $50,000 you should try to save between 9 percent and 12 percent of your income including what your company matches.  If you earn between $50,000 and $100,000 you should be saving 12 percent to 15 percent including what your company matches.  And if you earn more than $100,000 you want to be saving at least 15 percent (more if you can) including what your company matches.   Don’t try to do this all at once.  Research has shown that we can save 2 percent more than we are saving now and not notice it.  So nudge your contribution up by 2 percent now and then do that again every six months to a year until you get where you need to be.
Tags:

Apple appears upstoppable: Stock hits highApple appears unstoppable as stock hits all-time high
By: Matt Krantz October 22, 2014 4:33 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
Shares of Apple (AAPL)  set a new intraday high of $104.11 Wednesday, as investors continue to scurry into the stock following its estimate-blowing third quarter.
The tech giant topped its previous intraday high of $103.72 set on Sept. 2, 2104 but shares ended up 52 cents, or 0.5%, to close at $102.99. That fell short of its closing high of $103.30 set on Sept. 2, 2014.
Wall Street analysts remain very bullish on the stock, holding out an 18-month price target of $115.52. Skeptics, though, remain,  especially as the stock reaches levels that have been difficult for it to sustain in the past, the smartphone market is maturing as well as the tablet market.
While most cellphone handset makers have eventually hit the wall as saturation hits — think Nokia and BlackBerry — bulls say this time is different. Fans of the stock point out that consumers have been trained to get a new phone every two years whether they need them or not. Also, the wireless carriers front the $700 price tag of new iPhones and allow consumers to pay off the balance over two years so it’s not as noticeable.
But skeptics look at the stock’s rising valuation and massive size. Apple can’t get by introducing thinner and lighter products to move the needle now; it needs huge hits. It’s unclear whether the Apple Watch will be anywhere as popular as Apple’s smartphone. Meanwhile, the stock is trading for about 16 times its trailing 12-month earnings, which is approaching the 18 peak set in April 2012.
Chart source: S&P Capital IQ
Apple’s dominance looks even more impressive compared with shares of Google, which are down this year:

Our pick: Women who shone this weekBest dressed this week
One of this season's biggest trends, monochrome, took the spotlight this week.
Neha Dhupia worked the colour combo in an Urvashi Joneja crop and patterned skirt (a complete contrast to the embellished scarlet jacket by Royal Nilgiri she wore a few nights earlier). Katrina Kaif's pin-striped Roland Mouret dress was more office-appropriate, while Lisa Haydon's blouse and cut-out skirt is a lesson in relaxed chic.
Jessica Chastain's A-line Oscar de la Renta, on the other hand, created a glamorous '50s vibe. Instead of pairing black with white, Huma Qureshi stepped out this week wearing only ebony. Her picks: a sultry Bebe jumpsuit, complete with a plunging mesh neckline (worn with intense red lips), then a sparkling Rohit Gandhi + Rahul Khanna cocktail dress, blanced out with fresh, barely-there make-up.
Sticking with prints, Sonam Kapoor went floral this week, promoting her new film Khoobsurat in an earthy shirt-and-skirt combo. Shraddha Kapoor followed suit in a lush little number from Miss Selfridge. The third star to go all-out in blooms was Reese Witherspoon, wearing Christian Dior.
- Nitya Chablani

Promising hepatitis C drug = 100% gainPromising hepatitis C drug = 100% gain
By: Matt Krantz October 22, 2014 5:43 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Maxine Park, USA TODAY Staff
Shares of Regulus Therapeutics (RGLS) jumped more than 100% in one day after preliminary testing of a hepatitis C drug looked positive.
La Jolla, Calif.-based Regulus shares gained $6.98, or 103%, to $13.75 after the company told investors that people who got a shot of its RG-101 drug had lower viral concentrations a month after paying the treatment.
A mid-stage clinical trial is possibility to be set up in mid 2015.

3 Ways To Make Money Last Through RetirementEmail
TODAY
Whether it's fly-fishing, taking your camper to the Everglades or just traveling, everyone has got a little retirement dream. But to get there it's going to take a lot of planning. Here are three ways to make sure your money lasts after you leave the work force.
Convert savings into an immediate or longevity annuity
Take a lump sum of money and use it to buy yourself a paycheck. Depending on the circumstances, this paycheck can last the rest of your life and your spouse's life.  
Now, annuities don’t have the best reputation.  There is a reason for this.  Some annuities are so complicated it’s tough for professionals – let alone consumers – to understand them.  Some have very high annual fees or surrender charges (a charge for getting your money out ahead of schedule.)  Those are not the annuities I’m talking about here.   I’m talking about very simple, straightforward ones. 
With an "immediate annuity" you take a sum of money at retirement and buy a paycheck.  The amount you’ll get for your money depends on your age/life expectancy and interest rates.  The older you are when you buy an annuity, the shorter your life expectancy will be – so the greater a monthly paycheck the same sum of money will buy you.  When interest rates are higher, the size of the paycheck for the same sum of money will rise also.  For that reason, it makes sense to not annuitize all at once, but to annuitize chunks of money over time as your fixed expenses rise.   A longevity annuity works the same way: you buy it at say age 50 but don’t start drawing your paycheck until retirement.  Because the money has that 15 years (or however many) to grow, your paycheck is much larger.
Video: TODAY financial editor Jean Chatzky offers advice on how to live comfortably in retirement, suggesting waiting until you’re 70 to collect Social Security benefits.
Withdraw your retirement funds slowly
The other way you get paid in retirement is to invest your money for growth and income in a way that makes sense based on your risk tolerance – then come up with a plan for how to withdraw your money. Many people focus on the 4 percent rule which essentially says that as long as you withdraw no more than 4 percent from your retirement accounts each year, the money should last you 30 years. 
Jean took viewers' retirement questions on Twitter in a live chat using #GetAPlan.
Unfortunately, as we’ve learned recently, if the markets tumble big during your first few years of retirement this rule is going to fail you.  Instead, you want to be very conservative about how much you’re withdrawing in the early years of retirement, especially if the market isn’t performing well.  The fact that so many people tell us they’re planning on working in retirement is a good thing – the income can subsidize a lower level of withdrawals. 
Stay in stocks.
You have to remember that even at 65 you still have a couple of decades to live on average and a decent shot at significantly more than that.  That means you can’t put all of your money in safe havens. You still need at least some growth from stocks.
But how much should you keep in? Take 100 and subtract your age. That's about the percentage of your portfolio you should keep in stocks.
Tags:

Dow set for rebound as profit reports shineStocks set for rebound as earnings reports shine
By: Adam Shell October 23, 2014 8:55 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
A strong batch of earnings reports before the opening bell is fueling a rally on Wall Street, where the Dow Jones industrial average is trading sharply higher in pre-market trading.
Earnings beats from two Dow components, heavy-equipment maker Caterpillar ( CAT ), and 3M ( MMM ), a company in the materials sector that makes containers and packaging, sent the Dow Jones industrial average up 133 points, or 0.8%, to 16,558, before the opening bell. The Dow fell 153 points Wednesday, after rallying nearly 500 points in the previous three sessions.
Caterpillar had a blow-out third quarter, reporting earnings per share of $1.72, which was 36 cents a share above expectations. Caterpillar shares were up $3.08, or 3.3%, to $97.65 in pre-market trading. 3M, which topped forecasts by 2 cents a share, rose $3.05, or 2.2%, to $142.
Here’s a list of other companies this morning that topped adjusted earnings-per-share forecasts in the third quarter of 2014. The stock reaction is also included.
Southwest Airlines ( LUV ) rose $1.15, or 3.4%, to $35.35, in pre-market trading after reporting earnings per share of 55 cents, vs. forecast of 53 cents.
The airline United Continental ( UAL ) saw its shares fall $1.66, or 3.4%, to $47.40, despite beating estimates by 7 cents a share.
General Motors ( GM ) reported earnings of 97 cents, topping the 95 cents forecast. GM shares rose 69 cents, or 2.2%, to $32, in pre-market trade.
 

Declutter Your Wallet in 5 StepsTake charge of your wallet in 5 steps
Sharon Epperson CNBC
Email
If you're carrying around a tattered old wallet that you can barely close because it is filled with crumpled receipts, credit cards, rewards cards, spare keys, lip gloss, and whatever else you can fit in it , some financial advisers say you shouldn't be surprised that you are having some trouble getting a handle on your finances.
"You should think about your wallet like you think about making a first impression with potential employer, client, or date. The way you treat the wallet and the money in your wallet is a direct message about what you're saying about yourself," says New York-based financial adviser Stacy Francis, founder of Savvy Ladies, a non-profit financial education organization geared toward empowering women. "If you pay more attention to your money and the way it's organized, you'll be more organized, more responsible and more on top of your finances."
Taking these five steps to get organized can help you take charge of your wallet and your finances:
Video: In a new installment of TODAY’s “Take Charge” series, Sharon Epperson, CNBC’s personal finance correspondent, and lifestyle expert Jenn Falik show viewers how to overhaul their overstuffed wallets and purses in just a few easy steps.
Clean out the Clutter
Go through your wallet once a week - or at least once a month. Take the time to review your receipts and how you've been spending your money. Throw out receipts you don't need and organize what you do. 
Francis puts receipts into a plastic file - organized by various expenses -- medical, transportation, big ticket items - and then purges that file every three months after she's had time to return items or check warranties, if needed.
Take Only the ID You Really Need
Limit the identification cards you carry to your driver's license (or photo ID), health insurance and other medical cards (blood or organ donor cards), and car insurance card.  "Pay attention to see if car insurance cards will expire soon, it may be a good reminder to shop around for better rates," says financial planner Lazetta Braxton Rainey of Financial Fountains in Baltimore, Maryland.
Just Two or Three Pieces of Plastic
Keep only a debit card and one or two credit cards in your wallet.  "If you have two cards, put the one on top that has the lowest interest and best rewards points or rebate system. That way when you go to grab that card it will be on top," Francis suggests. Get rid of store credit cards. The annual percentage rate on retail cards is over 23% on average, compared to 10% for the average low rate card and 15% for the average cash-back or rewards card, according to CreditCard.com.
Carry A Little Cash
In this day and age of cashless purchases, there are some items or stores that still require cash. If you don't have it and go to an ATM that's outside of your network, you could pay as much as $2.50 or $3 for  each transaction.
Back It All Up
Make copies of your credit and debit card information, driver's license, and health insurance cards and keep them  separate from your wallet. You can make paper copies to keep in a file for your personal finances. Or take photos of your IDs and receipts with your smartphone and email them to an email address that you set up specifically for your finances.
"My overall experience is that organized people rule the roost in saving money and time," says financial planner Carolyn McClanahan of Life Planning Partners in Jacksonville, Florida.
© 2014 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved
Tags:

Ask Matt: Is 3D printing a bustPhoto by Davis Turner, Freelance
Q: Is 3D printing a bust?
A: Investors have been betting  the ability to print tangible objects from anywhere was the next big thing. But a profit warning from the industry’s giant is cooling off investors.
Shares of 3D Systems (DDD) fell Wednesday after the company shaved its forecast for profit this year, blaming manufacturing problems. The company also said revenue for the third fiscal quarter would be $169 million or less, well below the $186.4 million expected by analysts, says S&P Capital IQ. For the quarter, 3D says it plans to earn 19 cents a share or less, potentially below the 18 cents a share expected.
Despite the setback, analysts are still optimistic about the prospects of 3D printing. Hopes are high  companies can print parts needed for their operations, and there could be big opportunities to sell the printers to consumers. The industry is still very young, thus the stocks are extremely risky for most individual investors.  Analysts rate 3D Systems’ stock an “Outperform” and see the shares rising to $57.75 over the next 18 months. That would be roughly 50% upside. But investors shouldn’t expect a smooth rise from an industry that’s still struggling to ramp up production capabiilties and try to convince the world why it needs these products.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

No Plans to Cut Number of Subsidised Cylinders: Oil MinisterYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
No Plans to Cut Number of Subsidised Cylinders: Oil Minister
Published On:                  October 21, 2014                 | Duration: 28 min, 36 sec

Nifty Gains Look Capped for 2014: Dimensions ConsultingYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Nifty Gains Look Capped for 2014: Dimensions Consulting
Published On:                  October 21, 2014                 | Duration: 13 min, 05 sec
Tweet
Ajay Srivastava, MD of Dimensions Consulting, said that in its view the markets have already seen the highs for 2014. There is a severe demand fall in the Indian domestic markets and the results for this quarter and the next is likely to be muted for domestic-oriented companies, he added.

RCF on Gas Price IncreaseYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
RCF on Gas Price Increase
Published On:                  October 22, 2014                 | Duration: 2 min, 56 sec
Tweet
R G Rajan, CMD of RCF Ltd, tells NDTV that the gas price hike announced by the government has come as a relief for fertiliser companies as it is lower than what was proposed by the Rangarajan panel. The company expects to be fully compensated by the government for the increased costs on urea.

Are the Brits too negativeShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Are the British too negative?
Nov 3, 2014 : Could British miserablism be a serious threat to the UK economy and the country's politics? Lionel Barber, FT editor, and Janan Ganesh, political columnist, discuss why the British should be more happy.

Ex-CEOs who look over successors shouldersAll posts are published in UK time.
Contact andrew.hill@ft.com or john.gapper@ft.com about the Business blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .
ABOUT THE AUTHORS
John Gapper is an associate editor and the chief business commentator of the FT.  He has worked for the FT since 1987, covering labour relations, banking and the media. He is co-author, with Nicholas Denton, of 'All That Glitters', an account of the collapse of Barings in 1995.
Andrew Hill is an associate editor and the management editor of the FT. He is a former City editor, financial editor, comment and analysis editor, New York bureau chief, foreign news editor and correspondent in Brussels and Milan.
Emma Jacobs is a features writer for the FT, with a particular focus on Business Life. She explores workplace trends, business culture and entrepreneurship and is one of the paper's leading interviewers.
Adam Jones is editor of Business Life, home to the FT's coverage of management, entrepreneurship and working life.
Lucy Kellaway is an Associate Editor and management columnist of the FT. For the past 15 years her weekly Monday column has poked fun at management fads and jargon and celebrated the ups and downs of office life.
Ravi Mattu is the deputy editor of the FT Weekend Magazine and a former editor of Business Life. He writes about management, technology, entrepreneurship and
innovation.
Michael Skapinker is an assistant editor and editor of the FT’s special reports. A former management editor of the FT, his column on Business and Society appears every Thursday.
Latest columns by John and Andrew

26 companies dwarf the competitionBigger not always better for 26 companies
By: Matt Krantz October 23, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Disney via Getty
Earnings season is a chance to see which companies are dominating their industries. But investors are currently trying to figure out if size is an edge, or a disadvantage.
There are 26 stocks in the broad Russell 1000 index, including shoemaker Nike (NKE) , Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A) and online retailer Amazon.com (AMZN) that dwarf the competition in terms of revenue, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
To make the list, the companies need to post at least triple the revenue of their nearest competitor in the same industry classification. To make it a fair fight, the industry also must have more than one company in it. The list shows the companies that have gained enormous revenue leads over their industry peers.
But here’s where things get complicated in today’s market. Investors might think that bigger is better. And in some ways it is – in terms of giving the titan companies resources and reach. But so far this year, having a big size advantage over the competition hasn’t automatically translated into stock market gains. The opposite is actually the case.
These 26 biggest-in-class stocks are up 0.4% on average this year, which is underperforming the S&P 500’s 4.3% increase. Investors are closely watching these companies to see if size ends up as an advantage as the economic recovery ages, or if there’s a shift going on where smaller companies win out by being able to more quickly change and adapt.
There’s good reason for the confusion. Warren Buffett has long preferred industry giants — as they have massive size to conquer rivals. But consider one of Warren Buffett’s picks that isn’t working out so well this year: International Business Machines (IBM) , is the leader in the IT Consulting industry. It’s 225% larger than the No. 2, Accenture (ACN) . But shares of IBM are down 14% this year. Accenture is down too, but not nearly as much: 5.8%.
Here’s another example of an industry titan struggling. Amazon.com’s revenue of $145.7 billion over the past 12 months is 979% higher than the next biggest player: Priceline.com. This huge lead over competitors gives Amazon the luxury to experience with money-losing propositions it hopes will pay off in the future. Investors will be paying attention to how the company is using its lead when it reports quarterly results Thursday. But shares of Amazon — despite the company towering over any of its online rivals — are down 22% this year.
But that’s not to say size has universally been a detriment. Buffett, the king of looking for companies with defensible positions, crushes the competition himself. His Berkshire Hathaway posted revenue of more than $342 billion over the past 12 months, which is 1468% greater than the closest rival in the Multi-Sector holdings industry, Leucadia (LUK) . And shares of Berkshire are well ahead of the market this year, gaining 16.1%.
Investors, too, know that size can give companies advantages in purchasing and distribution. Nike is a classic example of a company that’s pulled ahead like a nimble rival. Despite efforts by rivals to challenge the company’s dominance of the shoe business, Nike posted 1,714% more revenue over the past twelve months than the second biggest player in the footwear industry – Ugg boots maker Deckers (DECK) . Nike is up 14% this year, making it one of the year’s stand-out big companies in all the S&P 500.
This year has shown that just because a company is ahead of its rivals by a mile in terms of revenue doesn’t mean it will be a winner for investors. Part of the complication is that it’s increasingly common for leaders in one industry to poach at rivals in other industries. Amazon and Google, for instance, are swiping at each other’s mobile businesses even though they’re not in the same industry. There’s also the danger that Staples (SPLS) faces – – dominating an industry, selling office supplies in physical stores, that’s in decline.
But it at least helps to know where companies stand.
COMPANIES WITH REVENUE THE PAST 12 MONTHS THAT IS 200% OR MORE GREATER THAN RIVALS IN SAME INDUSTRY
Company

Dream of an Asean carSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Lex Live: Whered the floor goRemember me on this computer
Sign in

