Infosys BPO CFO sacked for failing to comply with the companys code of conductDelhi cab rape case: What Uber, others say and what they deliver
Infosys BPO, a subsidiary of India’s second largest IT services exporter Infosys, on Tuesday appointed Anup Uppadhayay as CEO and MD, while Deepak Bhalla was named chief financial officer, reports fe Bureau in Bengaluru. In a filing to the BSE, Infosys said incumbent CFO Abraham Mathews’ service was terminated after he failed to comply with the company’s code of conduct. While Infosys did not officially divulge details, it is learnt that the breach had a financial angle to it.
Gautam Thakkar, the present CEO, too has resigned, with effect from November 30, taking responsibility on moral grounds.
Uppadhayay, who joined Infosys in 1993, has held key portfolios in Infosys, the latest being senior vice-president and global head of delivery for financial services. Bhalla was the associate vice-president and head of corporate accounting group.
Commenting on the changes, Infosys CEO and MD Vishal Sikka said: “BPO is of fundamental and strategic importance to our company.Our endeavour is to transform BPO with process innovation, automation and artificial intelligence to deliver exceptional efficiency and business value to our clients. I am confident that under the leadership of Anup and Deepak, our BPO practice will become an exemplar on how business processes should be run.”
TAGS: BSE Sensex Infosys
More from companies

Pakistan players face contract crisis ahead of FIH Champions TrophyUpdated: November 19, 2014 18:02 IST
Pakistan players face contract crisis ahead of FIH Champions Trophy
PTI
Tweet
AP
Due to financial crunch, Pakistan has decided to send their hockey team by bus to participate in the Champions Trophy.
TOPICS
Hockey
With the FIH Champions Trophy a little more than two weeks away, the Pakistani hockey players are headed for a showdown with their national federation (PHF) over its failure to award them new contracts and non-payment of dues.
A senior player said the final straw came on Wednesday when they were informed that due to the financial crisis, the national team might have to travel by a bus from Lahore to Amritsar via Wagah border for the Champions Trophy, to be held in Bhubaneswar, as the PHF couldn’t afford the air fares and other expenses.
“The players have decided enough is enough and we will only go to India for the Champions Trophy on December 3 by air,” the player said.
He said the players were holding meetings to decide future course of action but they will start wearing black arm bands in the ongoing training camp for the Champions Trophy to convey their feelings to the PHF and government via the media.
The crisis crept up after a reception for the team by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif was cancelled at the last moment.
The Prime Minister was due to host a reception for the recent Incheon Asian Games silver medallist and it was expected he would announce a special grant for hockey, which is presently going through its worst financial crisis.
“It is very disappointing that after being told the Prime Minister was going to meet us in Islamabad we learn nothing is happening,” another player said.
The PM is the chief patron of the PHF and hockey remains Pakistan’s national game.
Pakistan captain Muhammad Imran said the cancellation or postponement of the PM’s reception was a big blow to the players as they were hopeful of a positive outcome from the meeting.
“We wanted to tell the Prime Minister that he needs to save this sport from obliteration in Pakistan as it is dying,” he said.

Watch Live Coverage of Snowstorm Battering Buffalo
Reyes  Coca-Cola move closer to distribution deal8
The Coca-Cola Co. said Wednesday it signed a definitive agreement with Great Lakes Coca-Cola Distribution. It expects the deal to close next year. Financial terms were not disclosed.
Coca-Cola and Reyes, which also distributes Corona and Heineken beers, and supplies to McDonald's restaurants, announced a letter of intent in February.
Who are the Reyes'? Are they politically connected?
RAK9466

Uber backlash brings privacy concerns to lightUber backlash brings privacy concerns to light
Uber
Justin Sullivan, Getty Images
A sticker with the Uber logo is displayed in the window of a car.
A sticker with the Uber logo is displayed in the window of a car. (Justin Sullivan, Getty Images)
Washington Post
Journalism American Civil Liberties Union U.S. Department of State
An Uber executive's suggestion that the company should investigate the private lives of journalists has sparked a backlash against the popular car service, offering a potent reminder that tech companies are amassing detailed — and potentially embarrassing — records of users' communications, Internet traffic and even physical movements.
The controversy stemmed from remarks by Uber Senior Vice President Emil Michael on Friday night as he spoke of his desire to spend $1 million to dig up information on "your personal lives, your families," referring to journalists who write critically about the company, according to a report published Monday night by Buzzfeed. The same story said a different Uber executive once had examined the private travel records of a Buzzfeed reporter during an email exchange about an article without seeking permission to access the data.
That combination of vindictiveness and willingness to tap into user information provoked outrage Tuesday on social-media sites, spawning the hashtag "#ubergate" on Twitter. Critics recounted a series of Uber privacy missteps, including a 2012 blog post in which a company official analyzed anonymous ridership data in Washington and several other cities in an attempt to determine the frequency of overnight sexual liaisons by customers — which Uber dubbed "Rides of Glory."
This week's incident was the latest reminder about the potential for abuse as intimate information accumulates on the servers of tech companies that have widely varying approaches to user privacy and face few legal barriers in how they use personal data.
0
"We have never in history been at a point where we were more extortable," said Chris Hoofnagle, a law professor at the University of California at Berkeley who specializes in online privacy. "We have to think about how the service provider itself can be a threat."
Uber officials have sought to distance themselves from Michael's comments. Chief executive Travis Kalanick tweeted that they were "terrible," and Michael issued an apologetic statement calling the remarks "wrong" and expressing regret.
On Tuesday, the company said in a blog post: "Uber has a strict policy prohibiting all employees at every level from accessing a rider or driver's data. The only exception to this policy is for a limited set of legitimate business purposes."
The controversy appeared to have wide resonance, especially among women, some of whom already had expressed uneasiness about Uber and its drivers knowing where customers live, work and socialize. Many critics noted that the remarks by Michael focused on the work of a female journalist, Sarah Lacy, editor of Silicon Valley-based PandoDaily, who had repeatedly reported on what she called evidence of sexism by Uber.
"I know many women who erased Uber [apps] from their phones last night. . . . They really stepped over a line," said Katherine Losse, a former Facebook employee who wrote about that company's early days in the 2012 book "The Boy Kings."
Yet Losse and others said privacy issues go far beyond Uber. Days after being hired as Facebook's 51st employee in 2005, she was given a master password that she said allowed her to see any information users typed into their Facebook pages. (Facebook has instituted more rigorous privacy controls since, it has said.)
Such incidents occasionally have burst into public view, and they are not limited to tech companies. Google in 2010 fired an engineer after he reportedly spied on several teens using company services. The Walgreen Co. has been battling a $1.4 million fine for a violation federal privacy laws after a pharmacist in Indianapolis showed private prescription records to her husband, who once had dated the patient, according to news reports.
In the public sphere, several State Department employees inappropriately viewed Barack Obama's passport records in 2008 when he was running for president.
"In a time when our data ends up in databases, people can use it for their own prurient interests," said Christopher Soghoian, principal technologist for the American Civil Liberties Union. "Time and time again, people do it."
Soghoian said that while he was a graduate student — and before he worked for the ACLU — an official with a major technology company once threatened him while he was working to bring attention to a privacy problem with its service, which collected extensive personal information on users. "If you keep doing this stuff," the official said, according to Soghoian, "they will dig up stuff on you and try to destroy you."
Federal law provides little protection should a company decide to deploy users' information against them. Though the Federal Trade Commission has cracked down on companies that violate their own representations about how they handle data, they have wide latitude so long as they comply with the privacy policies written by company lawyers.
In March, for example, Microsoft revealed that it had searched a user's Hotmail email account to find an alleged leaker of its corporate secrets. Microsoft initially said that its policies allowed it to "protect our customers and the security and integrity of our products," but later, amid criticism, it said it would in future cases refer allegations to authorities instead of conducting its own searches of user accounts.
Uber, which connects riders with available drivers through smartphone apps, has quickly grown from a start-up to a company worth $18 billion and operating in 46 countries. Yet the company, like many in the tech industry, has struggled with privacy issues.
Entrepreneur and writer Peter Sims reported in a September blog post that the company displayed his location in an Uber vehicle to the crowd at a 2011 launch party for the service in Chicago. He learned of this after receiving a text from an attendee detailing his exact location.
In Uber's "Rides of Glory" blog post from 2012, the company published maps highlighting the neighborhoods where residents most often participated in "brief overnight weekend stays." And while the identities of individual users were "blind" — meaning not personally identifiable — the Uber official studied the gender breakdown to conclude that when a higher ratio of men use the car service, there are more such brief visits in a neighborhood.
Ron Linton, chairman of the D.C. Taxicab Commission, which has battled with Uber over a range of issues, says the company uses data to gain a competitive advantage over traditional cab drivers. "The greater part of their business plan is that they're going to amass the greatest database of consumer habits that the world has ever seen," he said.

Foreign policy test awaits 2016 contendersWe have often stressed how critical national security is to Christian conservatives and therefore how important it will be in the GOP presidential primaries in 2016. More proof of that comes in an op-ed by three prominent Christian conservative leaders.
Gov. Mike Huckabee speaks at Stand with Israel rally. (Jennifer Rubin/Washington Post)
Joel C. Rosenberg, a former senior adviser on two U.S. presidential campaigns, Penny Nance, CEO and President of Concerned Women for America, and Ralph Reed, the founder and chairman of the Faith and Freedom Coalition, write in the Christian Post : “Abroad, Americans see respect for our country evaporating. Our enemies don’t fear us. Our friends don’t trust us. Americans are deeply concerned about the rising threats from Russia, China and Radical Islam, as well as a porous — and dangerous — southern border. With a shrinking military and a weak and indecisive president in the White House, Americans see our enemies moving aggressively into a vacuum of Washington’s own making, putting our own security and that of our friends and allies in grave danger.”
It is noteworthy that two of their seven criteria for picking a president concern foreign policy:
NATIONAL SECURITY — Does the candidate have demonstrated wisdom and proven experience on defense and foreign policy issues? What does he or she believe constitutes America’s most vital national interests, those essential to protect and defend? Does he or she truly believe in a policy of “Peace Through Strength” and have a credible plan to rebuild the military, and a plan to protect our borders and national sovereignty? Does he or she have a solid team of qualified, seasoned advisors, especially on matters related to the defense, the Middle East, Russia, Asia, and energy? . . . 
ISRAEL AND RADICAL ISLAM — Does the candidate have a clear and coherent view of U.S. vital interests in the Middle East, including a demonstrated, consistent, long-standing support for Israel and a solid understanding of why Israel matters to the U.S.? Does the candidate have a clear understanding of the urgency of the threats posed by Iran, ISIS, and Radical Islam more broadly, and a serious approach towards dealing with such threats? Does he or she have proven wisdom and experience in dealing with the Middle East issues, or is the candidate too new to the foreign policy arena?
The wording for the last criteria is telling and bears emphasis. They don’t want someone who has suddenly come up with an acceptable position on Israel in time for the presidential race.  They want someone with “demonstrated, consistent, long-standing support for Israel.” It is not enough to understand threats; a viable candidate must have a “serious approach” to addressing them (no, for example, we don’t win over dictators by trade or incur goodwill by shutting down Gitmo)  and “proven wisdom and experience” on the Middle East. A candidate “too new” to foreign policy need not apply.
Let me translate that into some specific terms (my words, not theirs):
If you have bounced around on whether the Islamic State is a serious threat or not, you’re in trouble with these people.
If you want to cut the military or can’t decide if we need more spending on defense, you are going to face a skeptical crowd. 
If you think we can live with a nuclear Iran,  forget about it.
Are you a Johnny-come-lately in the army of pro-Israel Americans? You’re in for a rough ride.
If you want to dismantle proven anti-terror tools, you better have a really good reason.
If you haven’t cracked a briefing book by now, let alone held a national security position, you will likely flop.
And if you have yet to assemble a sophisticated national security team it may be too late.
The trio is smart, I think, to set forth these criteria. There is no one road to becoming an effective commander in chief, although some executive experience is a big help. (Ronald Reagan was a governor. Dwight D. Eisenhower was a general. George H.W. Bush was an ambassador, CIA director and vice president.) But what matters is the candidate’s depth of understanding, consistency of thought,world view and experience.
Leaders in the value voters community like Rosenberg, Nance and Reed are serious in their foreign policy views and will be exacting in their examination of candidates. No one is going to coast by on talking points or charm.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Stephen Colbert to host Kennedy Center Honors Dec 7By Peggy McGlone November 19 Follow https://twitter.com/PeggyMcGlone
The Kennedy Center announced Wednesday that Stephen Colbert will host the 37th annual Kennedy Center Honors Dec. 7. (Joel Hawksley for The Washington Post)
Stephen Colbert has been named host of the 37th annual Kennedy Center Honors , a gala celebration Dec. 7 that will spotlight singers Al Green and Sting, actor Tom Hanks, ballerina Patricia McBride and comedian Lily Tomlin, the arts center announced Wednesday.
Best known as the host and writer of Comedy Central’s “The Colbert Report,” the comedian will succeed David Letterman as host of CBS’s “Late Show” next year. The Kennedy Center Honors will be recorded for a two-hour primetime broadcast by CBS Dec 30 at 9 p.m.
Colbert previously appeared in the Kennedy Center Honors in 2011, when he was part of the tribute to cellist Yo-Yo Ma. He is the author of several books, including “I Am America (And So Can You!) and “America Again: Re-Becoming the Greatness We Never Weren’t.”
Kennedy Center Honors co-producer George Stevens Jr. welcomed Colbert’s appearance.
“He is best in class and will no doubt undo any solemnity that might otherwise attend the occasion,” Stevens said in a statement.
Colbert will be the show’s seventh host. Leonard Bernstein hosted the first Honors celebration in 1978, followed by Eric Sevareid and Bevery Sills the following years. Walter Cronkite took over from 1981 to 2002, and Caroline Kennedy hosted 2003 until 2012. Glenn Close appeared last year .
Peggy McGlone joined the Washington Post in 2014 as its local arts reporter. Prior to that, she covered the arts for The Star-Ledger in New Jersey for more than a decade.

4 Taliban militants killed in failed AfghanattackFour Taliban militants who attacked a compound housing foreign workers in the Afghan capital were killed.
By: Associated Press | Kabul | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:16 am
Four Taliban militants who attacked a compound housing foreign workers in the Afghan capital were killed Wednesday night in a failed assault there, police said, the latest violence targeting foreigners in the country.
One attacker died when he detonated a vehicle packed with explosives near the gate of the Green Village compound in eastern Kabul, police chief Gen. Mohammad Zahir said. Police officers killed the other three attackers in a shootout, Zahir said.
“There were no civilian or military casualties,” Zahir said.
The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack on Twitter accounts that previously carried messages from the group.
The explosion that started the attack, which struck about at 9 pm, could be heard throughout Kabul.
The heavily fortified Green Village has come under attack previously. The last assault targeting the compound took place on October 13, 2013, when a suicide car bomber killed two passers-by. Another attack there in 2012 killed seven guards and civilians.
This is the second attack on a foreign compound in the Afghan capital in recent days. On Monday, the Taliban claimed responsibility for a suicide attack on a compound operated by Hart, a security services company. That attack killed two Afghan security guards and three attackers.
Insurgent activity has intensified in the months since President Ashraf Ghani was inaugurated as president and ahead of the withdrawal of foreign forces at the end of the year.

A bitter sweetstorySugarcane is today unfortunately a victim of vested interests — from pseudo-environmentalists and liquor makers to state governments and mills.
Written by Harish Damodaran | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:16 am
Sugarcane growers in India are facing unprecedented uncertainty. Even as crushing for the new sugar year from October is set to start, mills owe them roughly Rs 3,000 crore for cane bought in 2013-14. But every crisis, as the cliché goes, presents an opportunity for re-evaluation.
Such an exercise in sugar should, however, focus more on sugarcane, if only to recognise the unrealised potential of a much-misunderstood crop.
Many view sugarcane as a water-guzzler. Its water requirement of 1,500-2,000 mm is nearly twice that of rice, and four times that of wheat.
But sugarcane grows over 11-12 months, as against 4-5 months for the latter. Also, the best Punjab farmer cannot harvest beyond 5-6 tonnes of wheat and 8-9 tonnes of paddy a hectare. In contrast, cane yields aren’t below 40 tonnes for the worst Uttar Pradesh grower, while averaging 105 tonnes in Tamil Nadu. Sugarcane, in other words, uses less water per day and even less for every unit weight of biomass produced.
The reason: It is a rare crop — in a list that includes maize, sorghum and a few grasses — exhibiting “C4 photosynthesis”, a more efficient mechanism of deploying solar energy to convert atmospheric carbon dioxide and water into plant matter. This is significant considering that scientists have sought to genetically modify rice, which uses the more common “C3” photosynthetic pathway, into a C4 plant. The latter is seen to potentially yield 50 per cent more grain and double water-use efficiency.
When Mother Nature has already made sugarcane a prolific biomass producer — its green top-leaves supply much of the UP farmers’ fodder needs during winter and spring — and highly efficient at carbon sequestration, it raises the question: Are we doing enough to reap the bounty of this crop cultivated in five million hectares across India? The answer, sadly, is no, thanks to our obsession with sugar, which makes up hardly 10 per cent of the cane in terms of recovery during processing.
The biggest constituent in sugarcane, about 30 per cent by weight, is bagasse: the fibrous residue remaining after extraction of the juice and a rich source of biofuel. Not many know that sugar is an industry that generates its own energy, not only to meet captive consumption requirements but also to supply to the grid. This again has to do with biomass, which is nothing but stored energy from photosynthesis that gets released as heat on burning.
The high-pressure boilers used in modern sugar mills can generate around 130 kilowatt-hours of electricity from every tonne of cane (that is, 300 kg bagasse or 660 kg steam). After deducting 25 units of in-process consumption by the mill and another 11-12 units of auxiliary consumption in the boilers/ turbo-generators, about 95 continued…

Kidnap bid on pharma firmsvice-chairmanPrint
By: Express News Service | Hyderabad | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:13 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 11:01 am
An unidentified person allegedly tried to kidnap Aurobindo Pharma’s vice-chairman K Nityananda Reddy on Wednesday morning near Kasu Brahmananda Reddy park while he was returning from his morning walk.
Police Commissioner Mahender Reddy said Nityananda had got into his vehicle and was putting on his seat belt when an unidentified person opened the rear door and forcibly got in. Nityananda told Banjara Hills police that the man took out a rifle from a bag, pointed it at him and asked him to drive.
“Nityananda said he thought he was being kidnapped. He tried to grab the AK-47 rifle and in the scuffle eight rounds were fired from it. Three bullets went through the windshield while rest went through the roof of the car. Hearing the noise, Nityananda’s brother Prasad, who was nearby, came to his rescue and tried to catch the man, but he bit his hand and fled across the road, leaving behind the rifle,’’ Banjara Hills inspector Murli Krishna said. He added that no one was injured in the incident.
Police Commissioner Mahender Reddy said the AK 47 belonged to the anti-Naxal Greyhounds force and was reportedly stolen last year from a camp in Gandipet near Hyderabad, following which a complaint was registered at the Narsingi police station.
The park, opposite the TDP Bhavan, is a favourite morning walk venue for high-profile people. Film stars and politicians, including former Chief Minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, visit the park daily.

Congress pledges dialogue withMaoistsPrint
Written by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Ranchi | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:07 am
The Congress manifesto for Jharkhand promises to initiate a dialogue with Maoists. The Congress’s stance during its UPA governments has been that talks can happen with the Maoists only if they give up arms; what the manifesto says is, “…Along with taking taking strong action, we will keep the option of talks open”.
“We will decide the details (on whether they should lay down arms first) once we come to power. But the Congress party’s preference is that dialogue should take place along with firm action and development,” said Subodh Kant Sahay, the party’s campaign committee chairperson for the state.
In contrast, the BJP manifesto had four lines on Maoism. It said that it would explore various ways to solve the problem without going into specifics.
Other Congress promises include a television set for every BPL household, along with uninterrupted electricity. The party also promises 35 kg free rice to all households.
The populist manifesto also promises clothes and a mangalsutra for those getting married. The party promises a bicycle each to madrasa students. It has also promised to increase the number of assembly seats in Jharkhand from 81 to 140, in addition to creating a legislative council.

Left over on thetableWe should implement subsidies that are inversely proportional to land operating sizes.
Written by Ajay Jakhar | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:05 am
India seems relieved, having convinced the United States to advocate on its behalf at the WTO regarding the issues arising from its food security programmes, while food-exporting nations are rejoicing at New Delhi signing on the dotted line without insisting on a reduction of farm support in developed countries. As we defend public procurement and stock holding, they will be looking at opportunities to export to India high-value produce like fruit, vegetables, milk, poultry and pulses.
Food prices have been rising for the past many years; more so since 2007. As a result, food-importing countries, usually developing nations, are not overly interested in subsidy reduction in developed countries, because this would increase the cost of their food imports.
Now that the trade facilitation agreement is inevitable, the government must insist on the removal of the many unresolved anomalies and ambiguities in the international trade architecture before a final agreement is inked. Farm support that increases production and skews the market price is considered trade distorting. At the WTO, the market price prevailing in 1986-88 is the “reference price” used for calculating subsidies. Had this reference price been updated — say it was the average price of the preceding three years — we would not be in any danger of breaching the WTO subsidy limit of 10 per cent. Logically, it shouldn’t bother anyone if our support price is less than the prevailing international price. Yet, other rice-exporting nations complain about our rice subsidies.
We could also evoke the WTO Agreement on Agriculture, where “due consideration is given to the influence of excessive rates of inflation on the ability of any member to abide by its domestic support commitments”. Inflation over the past 25 years (about 600 per cent) warrants our not being able to abide by domestic support commitments.
India could have weathered the storm at the WTO better but for the lack of diligence in collecting data, research, documentation and negotiation skills. We were also negligent to not notify our subsidies for 10 years. Ultimately, our protestations of innocence were not taken seriously and we were unable to garner support at the negotiations.
The crux of the matter is how support is quantified. Support can be classified as an amber-box subsidy, considered to be production- and trade-distorting, or as a green-box subsidy, which is non-distortionary. Blue-box subsidies (direct payments under a production-limiting programme), supposed to be interim measures to move away from amber-box subsidies, get to escape adverse quantification and must be discarded.
As a farmer, I strongly believe that the value of trade price distortions as a result of support must also be quantified as an amber-box subsidy. The US gives $3 billion worth of support to its 27,000 cotton farmers, who produce 12 per cent of world cotton. Hypothetically, were this support to be withdrawn, the price of cotton would continued…

Charter CEO: No one s asked me for  fast lane
Muzzled RGIII focused on San FranciscoBy Mike Jones November 19 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Robert Griffin III had little to say Wednesday after receiving harsh criticism from Jay Gruden on Monday. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
A tight-lipped Robert Griffin III refused to share his thoughts on the harsh criticism his head coach directed at him on Monday, and also declined to elaborate on what areas of his fundamentals he will try to improve. The quarterback has only one focus: San Francisco. Asked what he thought of Griffin’s statement that the quarterback had many fundamental flaws in Sunday’s loss to Tampa Bay , Griffin said only, “Jay wants me to play better. I want to play better. We’re focused on San Francisco and making that happen. So, that’s all I have to say about that.” Asked for a response to Gruden’s stance that rather than discuss areas where his teammates could improve and instead “worry about himself,” Griffin said only, “Like I said, we’re focused on San Francisco. So, that’s all we’ve got.” In all – in response to 24 questions during the 7-minute, 30-second press conference – Griffin gave the response, “focused on San Francisco,” nine times, and he used the word “focus” or “focused” 18 times. Gruden on Monday discussed sloppy footwork, poor decision-making and field vision while he assessed Griffin’s performance against the Bucs. The coach said, “it was not even close to being good enough to what we expect from that quarterback position.” But Griffin didn’t elaborate when asked how he planned to improve in those areas. “Everything, man,” he replied. “Like I said, Jay wants me to play better, I want to play better. We want to win. That’s all we’re focused on: getting the win. We’ve got San Francisco coming up and they’re not going to make it easy.” Controversy again returned to Redskins Park on Monday after Griffin, during his post-game press conference, said discussed his need improve, but also added that he needed help from his teammates in order to play great. The statement rubbed some teammates the wrong way, and Gruden told the quarterback to focus on his game. “Well, first of all Robert needs to understand he needs to worry about himself, No. 1, and not everybody else,” Gruden said on Monday. “It’s his job to worry about his position, his footwork, his fundamentals, his reads, his progressions, his job at the quarterback position. It’s my job to worry about everybody else.” Griffin in turn addressed the team on Monday, attempting to clear the air. But he didn’t offer details on that speech. It wasn’t clear if the new muzzled approach came as an edict from Jay Gruden or from team PR chief Tony Wyllie, who stood nearby to control the press conference. Asked if he found the tight-lipped approach, or the never-ending scrutiny to his words, difficult to deal with, Griffin still didn’t budge. “Hey, it is what it is,” he said. “You get what you ask for, so I’m focused on San Francisco, Jay wants me focused on San Francisco, and that’s what I’m going to do.”
Mike Jones covers the Washington Redskins for The Washington Post. When not writing about a Redskins development of some kind – which is rare – he can be found screaming and cheering at one of his kids’ softball, baseball, soccer or basketball games.

http://twitter.com/autoe...
Theurer-Wrigley mansion in Lincoln Park for sale for $8.7 million0
The mansion has six full baths, three half-baths, park and lagoon views, and a separate coach house with two apartments.
Noted attorney Ted Tetzlaff paid $9 million for the mansion in 2004. He listed it in 2011 for $9.5 million and pulled it off the market about a year later.
The mansion was the subject of a foreclosure from 2011 to 2013.
Listing agent Mary Bennett, of Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices KoenigRubloff, confirmed that Tetzlaff owns the property and lives there with his son.

Purring for business  cat cafe opens in CaliforniaPurring for business, cat cafe opens in California
Purring for business, cat cafe opens in California
Inspired by similar businesses in Asia, the first permanent cat cafe in the U.S. just opened in Oakland, Calif. As The Associated Press' Haven Daley reports, its mission is to find new homes for furry friends.
Inspired by similar businesses in Asia, the first permanent cat cafe in the U.S. just opened in Oakland, Calif. As The Associated Press' Haven Daley reports, its mission is to find new homes for furry friends.

Canadian man racks up $1 171 in-flight Wi-Fi billSingapore Airlines. (GREG WOOD, AFPGetty Images)
The $1,171 Wi-Fi bill: Gouged or buyer-beware?
The Wall Street Journal is reporting: A Canadian executive said he was stuck with a $1,171 Wi-Fi bill on a Singapore Airlines flight, and that he's being made to pay for the huge overage despite his protest.
Jeremy Gutsche said he bought a 30 megabyte Internet plan for $28.99 and knew he would be responsible for additional data charges. But after a session that he claimed mostly consisted of checking email and uploading a PowerPoint presentation, he was charged $1,142 in overages.

Delhi Dreams continues to dominateNEW DELHI, November 19, 2014
Updated: November 19, 2014 02:48 IST
Delhi Dreams continues to dominate
Kamesh Srinivasan
Tweet
THE HINDU
TEAMWORK PAYS: Kevin Anderson (right) and Jelena Jankovic combined well to take the key mixed doubles rubber beating Alize Cornet and Tommy Robredo. Photo: S. Subramanium
TOPICS
tennis
Delhi Dreams continued to be a nightmare for the rest of the teams as it notched up its second successive victory, a convincing 27-19 verdict against Mumbai Tennis Masters, late into a cold night at the R.K. Khanna Stadium here on Tuesday.
Even though Mumbai threatened to make a fight of it many times, the Delhi players teased and toyed with the opposition to come out on top.
In the battle of the ‘legends’, both former Roland Garros champions, Sergei Bruguera looked to be playing from memory, but showed excellent touch to pull off deft drops against Juan Carlos Ferrero, though the 43-year-old, at times, looked like a coach putting his ward through drills. The 34-year-old Ferrero eventually returned the compliment, though, closing out the match with a drop of his own.
The mixed doubles was a key contest, and Kevin Anderson rose to the occasion to pull it off with the former world No.1 Jelena Jankovic, even as the spirited approach of Alize Cornet and some sharp net play from Tommy Robredo delighted the spectators.
Delhi had taken a solid lead of 12-4, before Mumbai’s Cornet beat Jankovic to bridge the gap.
This was no surprise for the 24-year-old Frenchwoman, the World No.19, has beaten some of the leading players, including Serena Williams, on the circuit.
However, Delhi further tightened its hold over the match by clinching the men’s doubles, where Sanam Singh stole the thunder, playing alongside Anderson, in beating Tommy Robredo and Sriram Balaji 6-3.
By now, Delhi led 21-13, but the format is such that Mumbai was still in with a fighting chance despite looking out for the count. With Mumbai needing to win the last rubber, Robredo extended the entertainment by beating Anderson in a tie-break.
But, then, all Delhi had to do was to win one game, while Mumbai needed seven, and Anderson duly closed it out.
Of course, it was entertainment, pure and simple, and the spectators who braved the cold seemed to have enjoyed the evening.
The results: Delhi Dreams bt Mumbai Tennis Masters 27-18 [Ferrero bt Bruguera 6-2; Anderson & Jankovic bt Robredo & Cornet 6-2; Jankovic lost to Cornet 3-6; Anderson & Sanam bt Robredo & Sriram Balaji 6-3; Anderson lost to 5-6(3). Super over-time: Anderson bt Robredo 1-0].

In job growth  growing gap between urban and rural areasBig cities are dominating the recovery, leaving the rest of America behind
There are two American economies right now: big cities and everyone else.
By Jim Tankersley November 18 Follow @jimtankersley
The San Jose skyline is seen from City Hall in San Jose, Calif., Tuesday, Feb. 5, 2013. The Silicon Valley is leading the rest of the country out of the recession with increased jobs, income and initial public offerings last year, according to a new regional report. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)
PALO ALTO, Calif. – Monday traffic is brutal on U.S. 101 between San Francisco and San Jose, choking the commute to Google and Facebook and hundreds of startups you’ve never heard of. Tuesday and Wednesday are worse, the regular drivers say, and so is Thursday. On Friday it lets up, but not much. Everyday traffic is   worse than it was last year and the year before that and the year before that.
This is the most frustrating gauge of just how hot Silicon Valley’s economy is right now.
Out here it’s easy to forget there was ever a Great Recession, or why so many Americans believe that recession still isn’t over. The metro area that the 101 freeway bisects added 30,000 new jobs in the past year, a 3.5 percent increase from September 2013.
All those jobs, and the salaries and stock options that come with so many of them, are powering California to a respectable recovery and a balanced budget. The state as a whole has a falling unemployment rate and 100,000 more jobs today than it did at its pre-recession peak in 2008. But if the San Jose and San Francisco areas didn’t exist, the state would still be 80,000 jobs down from its ’08 peak.
A similar story is playing out around the nation: Big metro areas are mostly booming after the recession, and everywhere else is still digging out.
Since the Great Recession ended, the largest 100 metro areas in America have regained jobs substantially faster than every other part of the country. (Source: Brookings analysis of Moody’s Analytics data)
As of the third quarter of this year, according to a Brookings analysis of Moody’s Analytics data, America’s 100 largest metro areas were collectively 1.3 million jobs over their pre-recession peak. All the other parts of the country, combined, were still 300,000 jobs below peak. That’s a 1.5 percent gain for the big metros and a 0.7 percent loss for everywhere else. The gap would be much wider if not for an oil- and gas-drilling bonanza that is lifting job growth in North Dakota and other largely rural areas.
This isn’t how the economy typically worked over the last 35 years. Calculations made earlier this year by state economists in Oregon show that big cities tended to grow at rate similar to other areas of the country after a recession. Only the late 1990s were an exception. Until now.
(Source: Oregon Office of Economic Analysis )
Those diverging fortunes help explain why people in broad swaths of the country perceive that the recession, which ended officially in mid-2009, still hasn’t loosened its grip on their lives. Rural areas without oil or gas reserves have on average only recovered one-fifth to one-quarter of the jobs they lost during the crisis, according to calculations by Joshua Lehner, an economist for the Oregon Office of Economic Analysis.
“In an ideal world,” he said, “you’d have jobs for everyone that wanted them” – regardless of where they live.
It may be that this geographic jobs gap is a permanent feature in an economy increasingly driven by brainpower and innovation, where clustering smart people in relatively small areas appears to boost labor productivity. That’s certainly what the economists think at the Brookings Metropolitan Program, which conducted its breakdown of job growth at the request of The Washington Post.
“Scale and density concentrate economic inputs like skilled people and R&D, intensify interactions, allow for labor market pooling and matching, allow for access to shared infrastructure,” said Mark Muro, the metro program’s policy director. “This a fact of economic life. Place, scale and density matter.”
Or, says, Jed Kolko, the chief economist for the online real estate site Trulia, it could be that there’s nothing new here, other than that some parts of the country are just correcting the excesses of the last housing bubble. “We need to be further outside of this economic cycle before we can say whether there’s been a permanent shift in the past few years,” he said.
In California, researchers are beginning to worry that the economy and the state budget depend too heavily on Silicon Valley. It’s easy to imagine a cascade where tech growth slows, employees cash in fewer stock options and capital gains receipts fall, plunging the state back into the sort of budgetary trouble that plagued it throughout the 2000s.
Oddly enough, government budget cuts may be one driver of the big metro/everyone else disparity. Smaller communities tend to have less diverse economies than major cities, Lehner said, and so when cuts force layoffs of teachers and civil servants, those smaller areas have fewer other jobs to cushion them. That’s a factor in his state, Oregon, where Portland has gained back all its lost jobs, plus two percent, while the rest of the state is still four percent below its jobs peak.
(Source: Oregon Office of Economic Analysis)
That brings up another concern about growth being concentrated in big metro areas: They tend to be more unequal and expensive places to live. Income inequality runs very high in Silicon Valley and many other large metros. Palo Alto residents love to talk about the bidding wars on their blocks, with multimillion-dollar homes being bought entirely for cash. Home prices are up more than five percent over the last year in Portland, Ore. Trulia reported Tuesday that homes are getting less affordable for the middle class, especially in high-income areas.
When jobs are concentrated in pricier areas, workers often face a choice: Accept a more expensive life or drive longer to get to work. Many of them choose the commute – which means more traffic, on the 101 and elsewhere.
 
Jim Tankersley is the editor of Storyline, where he explains complex public policies and illuminates their human impact. He's from Oregon, and he misses it.
Next up

Postal Service functioning normally after cyber breach  official saysBy Josh Hicks November 19 Follow @reporter_hicks
The U.S. Postal Service is “functioning normally” after a  recent cyber breach  that compromised customer and employee data, and the agency has yet to find evidence that hackers used the information for identity theft, according to the agency’s head of digital security.
Randy Miskanic, USPS vice president for cybersecurity, called the attack “very sophisticated” but “limited in scope” in prepared testimony for the House subcommittee on the Federal Workforce, U.S. Postal Service and the Census. The  congressional hearing  on the breach is set for 10:30 a.m. Wednesday.
The Postal Service discovered a cybersecurity breach at the agency in September that affected customers and 800,000 employees. (REUTERS/Mike Blake)
The cyber attack affected 800,000 Postal Service employees, workers who left the agency more than two years ago, and customers who contacted the organization’s customer-service center by telephone or e-mail.
Miskanic said the USPS has found no evidence that the data has been used for “malicious activity,” or that “any customer credit card information from retail or online purchases, change of address or other services was compromised.”
Analysts have said that Chinese hackers are likely responsible for the intrusion and that the date could be useful for counterintelligence and recruitment purposes, according to a Washington Post report .
A review after the recent breach found that the various USPS divisions do not always follow the organization’s information-security policies and that critical systems were not properly segregated from the general network, Miskanic said in his prepared testimony.
The postal official also said that USPS  is taking steps to address those issues, in addition to increasing its network monitoring, improving controls over user management and collaborating more with the federal government’s Computer Emergency Readiness Team to better understand the tactics used by adversaries.
Miskanic added that some of the changes would “require the procurement of new hardware and information-security services.”
Wednesday’s hearing will also cover an investigative technique known as mail covers, in which law-enforcement agencies ask the Postal Service to provide information located on the outside of individuals’ envelopes and parcels before the items are delivered. The practice does not involve reading the contents of the mail.
Chief Postal Inspector Guy Cottrell and USPS Deputy Inspector General Tammy Whitcomb are set to testify about the controversial issue. Additionally, Prince George’s County Police Capt. Charles Hamby, a proponent of mail covers, and Timothy Edgar, a critic of the practice from Brown University’s Watson Institute for International Studies, are also slated to testify.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

The best investment in troubled Venezuela Used cars.By Nick Miroff November 19 Follow @nickmiroff
Global investors are always hunting for tips on emerging markets. Making money in the submerging markets of Venezuela is a little different.
The struggling South American country has one of the world's highest inflation rates, 63 percent, and its industrial output has imploded in recent years, mostly the result of convoluted foreign-exchange controls and a wave of nationalizations by the socialist government.
Yet there is one thing Venezuelan investors are plenty bullish on these days: used cars. On the consignment lots of Caracas, they make Google shares look sleepy.
The value of used vehicles has doubled in the past year, dealers say, because virtually no new cars are entering the country and local assembly plants have been paralyzed.
Consider: A bare-bones 2012 Toyota Corolla is worth nearly $40,000 in Caracas today, shooting up 100 percent in value since January — and that's the price in U.S. dollars, unrelated to the runaway inflation that plagues the local bolivar.
Venezuelan car dealers say many of the vehicles are being bought and sold to outrun inflation pressures , not to get around town. While U.S. dollars can offer a safe harbor for one's life savings, they cannot generate profits like a truly scarce resource, in this case family passenger vans and late-model SUVs with chrome rims and leather seats.
"I think this must be the only country in the world where a car drives out of a dealership and goes up in value," said Rosa Rosales, sales manager at one Caracas car lot.
The boulevards of the city's wealthier districts are still dotted with showrooms that once stocked new Chevrolets, Mitsubishis, Fords and other brands. Today those showrooms are empty, their ground floors bare and their employees sitting idle and watching TV.
Venezuela's once-busy assembly plants are on pace to produce just 15,000 vehicles this year, down 82 percent from 2013, according to the nation's auto manufacturing trade group. That is just 6 percent of the industry's production capacity, the carmakers say , blaming a lack of raw materials and parts, along with $2 billion stuck in Venezuelan banks that the government will not let them exchange into dollars.
One dealer complained about having to pay bribes to union officials at the plants to secure a few of the scarce vehicles that do roll off the assembly lines.
Venezuelan officials say they are eliminating some of the paperwork that has been choking imports. They also have set up a waiting list for the Chinese-made models appearing lately on Venezuelan streets, such as the Orinoco sedan.
Because those cars are sold for just a few thousand dollars, their black market value is four or five times their dealer price, and Caracas car dealers complain that the list-managers are pocketing a fortune in kickbacks.
Really, the only places in Caracas that regularly have cars in stock are consignment lots such as Rosales's, where a 2011 Ford Explorer with 25,000 miles on the odometer sells for 4.8 million bolivars. That's $790,000 at the official exchange rate, or about $50,000 using the black market rate.
Prices are even more extreme at a consignment lot in another Caracas district. A 2012 Toyota 4Runner there was listed there for 13.5 million bolivars, which is more than $2.1 million at the official rate ($135,000 at the black market rate).
The vendor pointed out that the vehicle was armored, which adds about $20,000 to the sale price. Venezuela has one of the world's highest homicide rates, so vehicle armoring has been a growth industry, though with the country's steel mills crippled, supplies can be tight.
There were other models on the lot, including a 2012 Range Rover selling for about $130,000 (at black market rates). Venezuela's state-subsidized gasoline is the cheapest in the world, at less than a penny per gallon, so SUVs are prized.
Bringing them into the country is another matter. One dealer illustrated the difficulties of acquiring new inventory.
He said he'd purchased a $45,000 SUV in Florida and had it shipped but had to fork over $30,000 in bribes and fees once it arrived. He still expected to turn a tidy profit, saying the vehicle lasted a single day on the lot before it was sold.
The dealer spoke on the condition of anonymity, because, he said with a grin, "a lot of my customers are government officials."
Nick Miroff is a Latin America correspondent for The Post, roaming from the U.S.-Mexico borderlands to South America’s southern cone. He has been a staff writer since 2006.

Intermission: Open secretsBy Alyssa Rosenberg November 19 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
I wrote about this earlier today in the context of Bill Cosby , but it is something I have been struggling with for a larger piece of writing for while, and that I would like to hear your thoughts on. What should our standards be for expelling someone from public life? What about for firing someone from a job or canceling a project that he or she is involved with? Should an allegation be the point at which this happens? Criminal charges? A criminal conviction? A loss in a civil suit? Saying something stupid in public? I am looking for a comprehensive set of rules. Take your best shot at selling me on one.
Taxi drivers argue that app-based services have an unfair competitive advantage because they don’t have to follow the same rules and regulations as cabs. (Mark Wilson/Getty Images)
• “ The Cosby Show ,” by Ta-Nehisi Coates: This is an eloquent and concise explanation of Bill Cosby’s role in our current politics, which I quote from below. But the real reason to read this piece is Coates’s reflection on why he did not report out the rape and assault allegations against Cosby when he was writing his profile of the comedian-turned-activist for the Atlantic that was published in 2008.
“I spent parts of 2006 and 2007 following Bill Cosby around the country. He was then in the midst of giving a series of ‘call-outs’ in which he upbraided the decline of morality in the black community. Our current organic black conservative moment largely springs from these efforts. It’s worth distinguishing an ‘organic black conservative’ from a black or white Republican moment. Black Republicans, with some exception, don’t simply exist as people who believe in free markets and oppose abortion, but to assure white Republicans that racism no longer exists. Organic black conservatives (like Cosby, for instance) are traditionalists, but they hold no such illusions about America’s past. They believe this country to be racist, perhaps irredeemably so, but assert nonetheless that individual effort can defeat trenchant racism. The organic black conservative vision is riding high at the moment. Thus even the NAACP cannot denounce the outriders of Ferguson without the requisite indictment of ‘black on black crime.’ ”
• “ Hollywood’s love/hate relationship with big screen romances ,” by Genevieve Koski and Tasha Robinson: I was stalwartly resistant to the charms of “Beyond the Lights,” but this conversation makes a good case for the film and goes beyond one movie to discuss Hollywood’s allergy to stories about relationships between actual, non-quirky adults.
“The real defining characteristic for me is that the obstacles between Noni (Gugu Mbatha-Raw) and Kaz (Nate Parker) seem pretty believable and significant: Her career is demanding, and her fame makes privacy nearly impossible, and turns their relationship into a public sideshow,” Robinson argues of “Beyond the Lights.” “His political aspirations don’t include a fling with a pop tart, and besides that, I got a pretty solid sense that her game-playing and defenses and obvious emotional damage were a turn-off he often didn’t want to engage. Their problem isn’t that they’re living in different years, or that a magical fountain is causing crazy obsessions in everyone around them, or some insanely convoluted thing involving accidental death and narrative-conservation heart transplants. They’re problems that maybe, just maybe, a lot of sexual attraction and the whims of friendly fate or swooning destiny can’t automatically solve.”
• “ Data is Uber’s business. But protecting it may be its biggest weakness ,” by Nancy Scola and Andrea Peterson: My colleagues gets at the core contradiction in our relationship to disruptive data companies like Uber: We want them to exploit our data as much as possible to make things convenient for us, without stepping over the line and starting to use that information against us.
“Uber, which has quickly grown from a start-up to a company worth $18 billion in 46 countries, is facing a challenge that has become common to almost every tech company: convincing the public that they’re protecting user data while, at the same time, harnessing it aggressively to deliver hyper-customized services,” Scola and Peterson write. “Uber has made a lot of enemies as it has grown — among regulators, those in the taxi industry, and among the media. And this week’s reports raise the specter of Uber having data on those critics, too.”
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Pros and cons for all with Obamas coming immigration orderBy Jonathan Capehart November 19 Follow @capehartj
People rally for comprehensive immigration reform outside the White House on Nov. 7. (Jacquelyn Martin/Associated Press)
It’s not a matter of if President Obama is going to issue an executive order on immigration but when. In fact, sources tell The Post it will happen tomorrow . And when he does, expect all hell to break loose on the other side of the aisle. While the risks and rewards are great for both sides, there is still no doubt in my mind that Obama should do it .
Most legal experts think Obama will skate right up to the line of legality and say that such broad latitude has been continually granted to the executive by the courts. Nevertheless, Ruth Marcus admonishes that such an action would be a slippery slope . If this president does it on immigration, what’s stopping a future Republican president from doing it on another nettlesome policy problem? “Presidential power, once expanded, is hard to contain,” she correctly observes. Surely, this is part of the political calculation being weighed at the White House. But there are other calculations at work that illustrate the unpredictable high-wire act we’re about to witness.
Here are the pros and cons for what the president is about to do. Obama finally makes good on a promise whose continual delay called into question his commitment and his leadership. Democrats hope that Latinos, who gave Obama 71 percent of their vote in 2012, will remember what he did for immigrant families and shower their thanks on their 2016 presidential nominee, whoever she (or he) may be. For Republicans, it would do two things. First, it would be an instant base-rallying move that could ignite a popular backlash that lasts through the next presidential election. At the same time, it would take a volatile and distracting issue for Republicans off the table and allow them to move on to do what they are desperate to show: that they can govern.
But the cons in all this are pretty stark. That popular backlash will swamp congressional Republicans. There will be calls for impeachment, a government shutdown and whatever else the hotheads of the caucus come up with to block or punish Obama. Proving they can govern would go right out the window if the presumptive cooler heads of the incoming 114th Congress devolve to the burn-this-mother-down ethos of the outgoing 113th.
Cooler heads or not, the president’s action could very well squelch any movement on any other initiative for the rest of his tenure. And while Latino voters might be grateful in the short term, will they remember Obama’s promise-kept in 2016? Most importantly, will said Hispanic gratitude at the ballot box for Democrats be enough to overcome the expected tidal wave of outrage at the ballot box from Southern white voters? Remember, Obama delayed his executive order this summer at the behest of Senate Democrats, who feared such a move would surely doom their control of the Senate. He did what they wished and they still lost — by a lot .
All of this could be forestalled if House Speaker John Boehner allowed the bipartisan comprehensive immigration bill that passed the Senate with 67 votes to come up for a vote in the lame-duck session. The issue would be off the table for Republicans. Sure, their base would be enraged, but it would let the incoming Republican Congress focus on governing. The Republicans could push Obama on other issues, such as tax reform and the budget. And it would give their presidential nominee a fighting chance in 2016. But Boehner’s not going to move. So, the president will. And then the fun begins.
Follow Jonathan on Twitter: @Capehartj
Jonathan Capehart is a member of the Post editorial board and writes about politics and social issues for the PostPartisan blog.

Watch a year in the life of Earths CO2 in three minutesA NASA computer model tracked the movement of the Earth's carbon dioxide for one year, from January through December 2006 (NASA)
 
A mesmerizing video of global carbon dioxide patterns has been released by NASA, charting how the greenhouse gas moves around the Earth in a year.
The visualization demonstrates the differences between the Northern and Southern Hemispheres with regard to carbon dioxide concentration and the “distinct swings in global carbon dioxide concentrations as the growth cycle of plants and trees changes with the seasons,” according to NASA’s report .
“While the presence of carbon dioxide has dramatic global consequences, it’s fascinating to see how local emission sources and weather systems produce gradients of its concentration on a very regional scale,”  said Bill Putman , lead scientist on the project from NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center. “Simulations like this, combined with data from observations, will help improve our understanding of both human emissions of carbon dioxide and natural fluxes across the globe.”
The visualization is part of “Nature Run,” an internal project that uses data on atmospheric conditions and the emission of greenhouse gases and both natural and man-made particulates, in order to simulate the natural behavior of the Earth’s atmosphere. The video illustrates the 12-month period between January 2006 through December 2006. NASA scientists have used the beta version of this software for years, but this is the first time it is being released to the broader scientific community.
“While researchers working on OSSEs have had to rely on regional models to provide such high-resolution Nature Run simulations in the past, this global simulation now provides a new source of experimentation in a comprehensive global context,” Putman said. “This will provide critical value for the design of Earth-orbiting satellite instruments.”
 

Voluntary manslaughter limited in cases of gay sexual advances  discovery of the victims gender and the likeBy Eugene Volokh November 19 Follow @volokhc
Under U.S. law, killing someone is “voluntary manslaughter” rather than murder if the killer was (1) actually provoked into a rage by the victim, and (2) the killer’s reaction was seen as “objectively reasonable,” in the sense that the law empathized with the killer’s rage though not his conduct (which, after all, remains a crime, just a less serious crime). Classic examples of such objectively reasonable reaction have been when the victim had seriously assaulted the killer (but when the reaction is immediate revenge rather than self-defense), when the killer learns that the victim had seriously injured a member of the killer’s family, and when the killer learns of the victim’s adultery with the killer’s spouse.
This defense has also sometimes been raised when the victim had made a nonviolent homosexual advance towards the killer. And sometimes it has been raised when the killer and the victim had sex, the killer thought the victim was a woman, and the killer then learned that the victim was actually biologically male.
The California Legislature has just passed AB2501 , which provides,
(f) (1) For purposes of determining sudden quarrel or heat of passion [for purposes of the voluntary manslaughter test], the provocation was not objectively reasonable if it resulted from the discovery of, knowledge about, or potential disclosure of the victim’s actual or perceived gender, gender identity, gender expression, or sexual orientation, including under circumstances in which the victim made an unwanted nonforcible romantic or sexual advance towards the defendant, or if the defendant and victim dated or had a romantic or sexual relationship. Nothing in this section shall preclude the jury from considering all relevant facts to determine whether the defendant was in fact provoked for purposes of establishing subjective provocation.
(2) For purposes of this subdivision, “gender” includes a person’s gender identity and gender-related appearance and behavior regardless of whether that appearance or behavior is associated with the person’s gender as determined at birth.
UPDATE: Note that, in California, the “objective” prong of the voluntary manslaughter test is, in the first instance, a question of law for the court. Some forms of provocation have been treated by California courts as insufficient to lead to a voluntary manslaughter conviction: in particular, “a voluntary manslaughter instruction is not warranted where the act that allegedly provoked the killing was no more than taunting words, a technical battery, or slight touching.” See People v. Guttierez (Cal. 2009) . The statute thus adds other sorts of conduct to the list of conduct that, as a matter of law, doesn’t qualify as objectively reasonable provocation.
Some states, such as Illinois, go further and identify only a limited set of circumstances that, as a matter of law, can constitute reasonable provocation — for instance, “[t]he only categories of provocation recognized by this court are substantial physical injury or substantial physical assault, mutual quarrel or combat, illegal arrest, and adultery with the offender’s spouse,” People v. Garcia (Ill. 1995) (emphasis added) . Finally, I believe that some other states leave the “objective reasonableness” prong entirely to the jury. (The subjective provocation prong is always a matter for the jury, because it’s all about the historical facts of this particular case.)
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Can a question be hearsayFrom Commonwealth v. Parker (Pa. Super. Ct. Nov. 6, 2014) (an appellate decision), quoting another recent case:
Whether a question can be an assertion and, thereby, hearsay has been extensively discussed by numerous courts and commentators, though no consensus has been reached. The courts that have considered the issue have reached one of three conclusions: (1) a question can be hearsay if it contains an assertion; (2) a question can be hearsay if the declarant intended to make an assertion; or (3) questions can never be hearsay because they are inherently non-assertive.
The court adopts approach 1, which strikes me as correct. Here is an excerpt from the facts of the case, and from the court’s application of approach 1 to the facts:
Appellant objects to the following questioning of Grandmother by the Commonwealth:
Q. Can you describe for the members of the jury what he said, what [Victim] said?
A. He said, Grandmom, he said, Can you tell Bey I didn’t take anything from anybody and I don’t have anything? He said, But can you tell him I didn’t take anything from him or the house. And I said, Put Bey on the phone and I will tell him you been in the house all day and you just went out on the porch…
… In this case, the questions asked by Victim clearly included an implied assertion. In particular, the questions included the implied assertion that Victim had not taken “anything from anybody” and that Victim did not “take anything from ["Bey"] or the house.” The questions also include the implied assertion that “Bey” did not believe Victim.
Although we hold that the questions by Victim were assertions, we conclude that the trial court’s alternative holding, that Grandmother’s testimony was admissible under Pennsylvania Rule of Evidence 803(3), was correct. That Rule provides that:
The following statements, as hereinafter defined, are not excluded by the hearsay rule, even though the declarant is available as a witness ….
A statement of the declarant’s then existing state of mind, emotion, sensation, or physical condition, such as intent, plan, motive, design, mental feeling, pain, and bodily health. A statement of memory or belief offered to prove the fact remembered or believed is included in this exception only if it relates to the execution, revocation, identification, or terms of declarant’s will.
“Generally, out[-]of[-]court statements by homicide victims are admissible when they are relevant to show proof of motive or malice.” In [Commonwealth v. Puksar, 740 A.2d 219, 225 (Pa. 1999)], our Supreme Court held that the victim’s statement that he had a dispute with the defendant over model trains was admissible under the state of mind exception.
In this case, Victim’s questions to Grandmother showed that an individual named “Bey” had a motive to kill Victim. Specifically, Bey believed that Appellant had taken something from somebody. Bey also believed that Victim was not in Grandmother’s house earlier in the day. This situation is akin to Puksar as Victim’s statements showed that there was a dispute between Victim and Bey. Thus, Victim’s assertion was clearly relevant to show that Bey had a motive to kill Victim. As such, it was admissible under Pennsylvania Rule of Evidence 803(3). Accordingly, the trial court did not err by admitting Grandmother’s testimony regarding her conversation with Victim prior to the murder.
A great case for people who are interested in the logic of the hearsay doctrine.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Oxford cancels student-group-organized debate on abortionBy Eugene Volokh November 19 Follow @volokhc
after the student union “voted to inform College Censors about the mental and physical security issues surrounding the debate.” The Cherwell reports:
In an email, JCR [Junior Common Room, the student union -EV] President Louise Revell told students, “Lottie (Richie, JCR Vice President), Gabriel (Henry, JCR Secretary) and I met with the censors earlier today and were informed that permission has not been given to OSFL to host their event in the Blue Boar Lecture Theatre tomorrow.
“The reason is that there was insufficient time between today and tomorrow to address some concerns they had about the meeting arising from potential security and welfare issues, such as those discussed at last night’s GM.”
The Oxford Student has more coverage. A student writes in the  Independent (Britain) about how proud she is of helping suppress the speech:
I helped shut down an abortion debate between two men because my uterus isn’t up for their discussion ….
The idea that in a free society absolutely everything should be open to debate has a detrimental effect on marginalised groups. Debating abortion as if its a topic to be mulled over and hypothesised on ignores the fact that this is not an abstract, academic issue. It may seem harmless for men like Stanley and O’Neil to debate how and if abortion hurts them; it’s clearly harder for people to see that their words and views might hurt women….
Pretty appalling, but unsurprising. Tim Stanley, one of the intended debaters, also has a piece on the subject at the Telegraph (Britain) :
I would’ve thought that the one place in Britain where you could agree to disagree amicably would be Oxford University. But I was wrong. For instance, I’ve discovered that you’re only allowed to debate abortion there if a) you’re a woman and b) you’re all for it. Any other approach to the subject is liable to attract a mob….
What it also proved is that elements of the Left are working hard to define new parameters for freedom of speech. You are free to speak so long as it doesn’t offend certain sensibilities, which of course amounts to no real freedom at all.
Thanks to Austin Lipari for the pointer.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Dollar at seven-year high vs yen before Fed minutes2
Italian government bond markets suffered, with yields shooting higher after S&P downgraded the country's credit rating to just one notch above junk on Friday, underscoring the limited progress made under Prime Minister Matteo Renzi's economic reforms. [GVD/EUR]
But all other euro zone borrowing costs fell, with benchmark German yields hitting a day's low after Nowotny said the bloc's tepid recovery had pushed the European Central Bank to look more closely at a sovereign bond quantitative easing program.
"Nowotny's comments have just reinforced the market's view that the ECB is inching towards outright QE, we think probably in January," said Lee Hardman, a strategist with Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ in London.
DOLLAR POWER
The gathering strength of the dollar, against which the euro fell 0.2 percent to a 2-1/2-year low, also weighed heavily on emerging markets on Monday.
The rouble one of the headline losers, giving up 2 percent as it fell back towards record lows hit last week.
Symptomatic of problems affecting many developing markets, there are worries that Russia will jack up interest rates to as much as 12 percent this week in a bid to fend off a full-blown financial crisis.
Earlier in Asia, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan closed down 0.25 percent. Tokyo's Nikkei was up 0.1 percent with the downward revision to Japan's GDP neutralizing much of the positive impact from a weaker yen. South Korea's Kospi lost 0.2 percent while Singaporean and Malaysian shares also dipped.
The Shanghai composite index gained 2.9 percent after the downbeat Chinese data added to hopes that China will implement more stimulus to shore up its economy.
Dariusz Kowalczyk, economist at Credit Agricole in Hong Kong, noted that the year-on-year drop in China's imports was the biggest since the Lehman crisis, barring the volatile Lunar New Year-related period.
"This is partly a reflection of lower commodity prices and base effects, but ...we have to assume that poor domestic demand has played a part. This means that pressure will rise on the government to do more to stimulate growth," he said.
The Australian and the New Zealand dollars, both sensitive to the economic fortunes of China, touched new 4-1/2 year and 2-1/2 year lows, respectively.
The disappointing Chinese and Japanese data contrasted sharply with Friday's U.S. non-farm payrolls that showed employment in November surged by 321,000, easily topping forecasts for 230,000 new jobs.
(Additional reporting by Patrick Graham in London, Blaise Robinson in Paris and the China economics team; Editing by Toby Chopra and John Stonestreet)

Obama to detail immigration plan Thursday nightThe White House posted a video on its Facebook page Wednesday in which President Obama invited Americans to watch his immigration reform announcement on Thursday evening at 8 p.m. (The White House)
This post has been updated.
President Obama said in a video that he will lay out his proposal to overhaul the nation's immigration system Thursday and will travel to Las Vegas on the heels of that announcement to rally support for his initiative on Friday.
"Tomorrow night I'm going to be announcing here from the White House some steps I can take to start fixing our broken immigration system," Obama said in a video posted on Facebook Wednesday afternoon.
"Everybody agrees that our immigration system is broken. Unfortunately Washington has allowed the problem to fester for too long," Obama said. "So what' I'm going to be laying out is the things I can do with my lawful authority as president to make the system work better even as I continue to work with Congress and encourage them to get a bipartisan, comprehensive bill that can solve the entire problem.
According to a senior Democrat familiar with the plans, Obama will announce on Thursday that he is providing temporary protections to up to 5 million undocumented immigrants. His orders will make up to 4 million undocumented immigrants eligible for temporary protective status and provide relief to another 1 million through other means.
In a blow to activists advocating on behalf of young immigrant families, there will be no guaranteed protections for the parents of so-called “Dreamers,” -- children protected by Obama’s 2012 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program – nor for immigrant agricultural workers, said the Democrat, who was not authorized to speak publicly on the matter.
Congress will receive official details on the move Thursday, according to a senior Democratic Party official.
Obama said he will travel to Del Sol High School in Las Vegas Friday, where he will discuss and rally support for his plan.
Advocates began readying events to promote the administration’s immigration policy.
“We hear there will be a prime time Thursday evening announcement (to preview) and full unveiling in Vegas on Friday,” immigration advocate Dawn Le told other activists in an e-mail, which was later inadvertently sent to a group of reporters Wednesday morning. “Can folks begin to work and plan watch parties for Thursday and/or Friday? Unclear whether Thursday night content will be what is "celebratory," but Friday will be where we need a lot of energy guaranteed.”
President Obama is set to announce an executive order on immigration, but how does that work? Here's a look at how the White House, Congress and the Supreme Court have roles — and limitations — in executive orders. (Julie Percha, Jackie Kucinich and Rebecca Schatz/The Washington Post)
Obama launched his push for immigration reform in January 2013 in Las Vegas, outlining a plan that would allow many of the nation’s 11 million undocumented immigrants to earn citizenship.
The president's decision to speak at the city's Del Sol High School highlights the administration's intensified push to convince Latinos that the Democratic Party is committed to addressing the dilemma of millions of undocumented immigrants . Obama is preparing to use his executive authority to expand temporary protections to millions of these individuals, as well as to broaden visa programs for highly skilled technology workers and perhaps also stiffen security along the U.S.-Mexico border.
During an appearance at the National Press Club Wednesday, Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Obama will announce "in the coming days ... [a] set of comprehensive reforms, within our existing legal authorities, to fix our broken immigration system."
He did not specify the actions Obama will take but did say they will include steps to further secure the southwestern border of the United States. Administration lawyers have concluded that executive action on the issue is legal and within the president's authority, he said, despite intense opposition from Republicans.
"Legislative action is always preferable," Johnson said. "But we have waited for Congress to act, and the Congress has not acted. The president has waited."
Johnson said the administration has concluded it has "wide latitude" to take action. "It can't be that we're not allowed to lift a finger to fix our broken immigration system," he said. "And we will."
Congressional Republicans have warned Obama that he risks undermining the prospects for cooperation on legislation in the final two years of his presidency if he takes action on immigration.
The decision to speak in Las Vegas could also bolster the political standing of Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.), who said in an interview with Univision on Tuesday that when it came to expanding protections for undocumented immigrants, "I think it should be done now."
Ali Noorani , executive director of the National Immigration Forum , wrote in an e-mail that even as Obama acted on his own to break the stalemate on the issue, Republicans would still have a chance to legislate.
“While executive action is not ideal, it accomplishes four things: Stabilizes our workforce, prioritizes law enforcement, protects families and puts congressional Republicans in the driver’s seat going into 2015," Noorani wrote. "They have an incredible opportunity to get credit for fixing America’s immigration system.”
With Obama likely on the verge of making an announcement, Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), the soon-to-be majority leader, expressed confidence Wednesday that congressional Republicans will extend funding for the federal government, which is set to expire next month, even if the president moves to overhaul the immigration system and some conservatives call for a spending showdown.
But in a sign that GOP strategy is still being formulated, McConnell did not specify the framework and length of possible funding legislation. Republican leaders in the House and Senate are still mulling a variety of options, all while hoping to avoid a politically damaging shutdown.
“We have two goals here at the end of the session: fund the government and avoid retroactive tax increases. I’m confident that we’ll do both,” McConnell said in a brief exchange at the U.S. Capitol.
Other congressional Republicans warned again that Obama risks his relationship with a GOP-controlled Capitol Hill if he acts.
“If ‘Emperor Obama’ ignores the American people and announces an amnesty plan that he himself has said over and over again exceeds his Constitutional authority, he will cement his legacy of lawlessness and ruin the chances for Congressional action on this issue -- and many others,” Michael Steel, a spokesman for House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio), said in an e-mail.
In an effort to cast doubts on the legality of Obama’s decision, GOP aides have been circulating a list of 22 times the president has said publicly that he doesn’t believe he has the authority to act through executive action to change immigration laws.
Correction: This report incorrectly attributed strategy comments to AFL-CIO spokesman Jeff Hauser rather than immigration advocate Dawn Le.
Tom Hamburger, Jerry Markon, Robert Costa and Paul Kane contributed to this report.
 
 
Juliet Eilperin is a White House correspondent for The Washington Post, covering domestic and foreign policy as well as the culture of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. She is the author of two books—one on sharks, and another on Congress, not to be confused with each other—and has worked for the Post since 1998.
Ed O’Keefe is a congressional reporter with The Washington Post and covered the 2008 and 2012 presidential and congressional elections.
Katie Zezima covers the White House for Post Politics and The Fix.

Why President Obama is making his big immigration speech in NevadaPresident Obama is expected to head to Nevada on Friday to speak about executive actions aimed at protecting undocumented immigrants.
So why Nevada?
1. Nevada is estimated to have the country's largest percentage of undocumented immigrants.
About 7.6 percent of Nevada residents are estimated to have entered the country illegally, according to new analysis from the Pew Research Center . Nationally, the percentage of the population estimated to be undocumented is about 3.5 percent.
When Pew released similar data in 2011, Slate and the New America Foundation created an interactive map showing how the population was distributed across the country. (The image below shows a still from that map.)
At that point, Nevada was also the front-runner, with a slightly lower 7.2 percent of the population estimated to be undocumented.
2. It has a fast-growing Hispanic population in general.
Even without considering the population that is undocumented, Nevada has one of the fastest-growing Hispanic populations in the country. Since 1940, the number of Hispanic residents in the United States has increased rapidly.
Compared to other states, Nevada's Hispanic population isn't that large. But when you consider the percentage of growth since 1980, Nevada stands out.
Hispanic population growth since 1980
Only North Carolina and Georgia have seen more rapid growth in their Hispanic populations than Nevada.
3. It's increasingly Democratic.
There's another reason that Obama likely chose Nevada: It's swung toward Democrats in recent presidential elections. The chart below shows how much more Democratic (above the zero line) or Republican (below) Nevada has voted in presidential races over the last 100 years compared to the country on the whole. Since 1980, it has gotten more and more Democratic relative to the whole country -- while its Hispanic population has grown quickly.
The change in Georgia and North Carolina, incidentally, is not as dramatic. Georgia's tilt to the right has stalled; North Carolina has become more Democratic more slowly.
If you're going to do a presidential event aimed at undocumented immigrants with an eye toward long-term politics, it's hard to see why you'd pick anywhere besides the Silver State.
RELATED:
President Obama is set to announce an executive order on immigration, but how does that work? Here's a look at how the White House, Congress and the Supreme Court have roles — and limitations — in executive orders. (Julie Percha, Jackie Kucinich and Rebecca Schatz/The Washington Post)
The White House posted a video on its Facebook page Wednesday in which President Obama invited Americans to watch his immigration reform announcement on Thursday evening at 8 p.m. (The White House)
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York City.

Same-sex marriage likely to be legal in S.C. by tomorrowBy Reid Wilson November 19 Follow @postreid
Trevor Donovan takes pictures at a State House rally on Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, in Columbia, S.C. Supporters of gay marriage held a rally at the capitol the same day a Charleston County Probate judge approved an application for a same-sex marriage license. (AP Photo/Jeffrey Collins)
South Carolina will become the 34th state to allow same-sex marriage by Thursday if the U.S. Supreme Court doesn’t step in to block a lower court order.
A three-judge panel of the 4th Circuit Court of Appeals on Tuesday unanimously turned down a request by Attorney General Alan Wilson (R) to extend a Thursday deadline set by a U.S. District Court judge. Wilson had sued to prevent a probate judge in Charleston from issuing a marriage license to a same-sex couple.
(Interactive graphic: The changing landscape of same-sex marriage)
Wilson filed an appeal late Tuesday to the Supreme Court requesting a stay, but Chief Justice John Roberts, who has jurisdiction over the 4th Circuit, has not yet responded.
“This issue has not yet been resolved nationally. It is still likely the U.S. Supreme Court will address conflicting rulings between federal circuit courts of appeal,” Wilson said in a statement late Tuesday.
If Roberts doesn’t step in, same-sex couples could apply for a marriage license by Thursday. They would have to wait 24 hours before a license is issued, just like every other South Carolina couple. The couple in Charleston had already applied for a license, meaning they are likely to be issued a license by Thursday.
South Carolina’s ban on same-sex marriage has been in place since 2006, when voters approved a constitutional amendment by 78 percent to 22 percent. The 4th Circuit has already overturned Virginia’s marriage ban, a ruling that effectively overturned them in West Virginia and North Carolina at the same time.
 
 
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

What the Keystone vote tells us about the Democratic PartyComments
By Paul Waldman November 19
In a tight vote, the Senate rejected the Keystone XL pipeline Tuesday evening, dealing a serious blow to the re-election efforts of Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-La.). (AP)
The bill to authorize construction of the Keystone pipeline failed to overcome a filibuster in the Senate last night by a single vote. Every Republican voted in favor, since support for the idea of sending Canadian oil to American refineries so it can be processed for sale overseas has become a core value of conservatism. But they were joined by 14 Democrats. And if we look at who those Democrats are, we can learn quite a bit about the state of their party.
Five of those Democrats are red-staters who discovered this year that “distancing” yourself from Barack Obama isn’t enough to win re-election in a year of extremely low turnout. The first is Mary Landrieu, on whose behalf this entire exercise was mounted, on the absurd theory that Louisiana voters will turn out in droves for her runoff in December once they learn how much she loves oil, a fact of which they were supposedly unaware before now. Then we have Mark Begich of Alaska, Kay Hagan of North Carolina, Mark Pryor of Arkansas, and John Walsh of Montana. The first three lost their seats, and Walsh would have been ousted by voters had he not resigned over a plagiarism scandal.
The next group of Democrats are also from red states: Heidi Heitkamp of South Dakota, John Tester of Montana, Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Joe Donnelly of Indiana, and Claire McCaskill of Missouri. Through whatever combination of electoral fear and genuine conviction, these are among the senators who disagree with their colleagues most often. McCaskill is a particularly notable case; lately she has been moving to the right in visible ways, including proclaiming her opposition to Harry Reid remaining leader of the Democrats in the Senate and criticizing President Obama’s proposed actions on immigration. Rumor has it that she’s preparing to run for governor, which could help explain why.
The final group of Democrats who voted in favor of the pipeline may have each had their own reasons, but none could have imagined that voting against the pipeline would be a huge political liability. These were Michael Bennet of Colorado, Robert Casey of Pennsylvania, Mark Warner of Virginia, and Tom Carper of Delaware.
So what does this tell us? To a great degree it suggests that Republicans are still succeeding in defining what it means to be a liberal, striking fear into the hearts of any Democrat who wants to win in a red state. Republicans haven’t actually spent too much time arguing the environmental concerns over Keystone, other than to dismiss them out of hand. Instead, they’ve touted the pipeline as a jobs boon that would boost the entire American economy, a claim no sane person believes.
But red-state Democrats still live their lives in a state of perpetual terror that someone might call them a liberal (the only red-state Democrats who voted No were Tim Johnson of South Dakota and Jay Rockefeller of West Virginia, both of whom are retiring).
If these votes don’t change, when Republicans bring the pipeline up again in the new Congress, it will have enough votes to overcome a filibuster — but still fall short of the 67 that would be needed to override a presidential veto. And the Democrats who supported the pipeline will find that it really didn’t help them.
Their red state colleagues who lost their elections have already found out that high-profile breaks with their party don’t keep you politically safe. And indeed, those red-state losses have made the Democratic caucus in the Senate more liberal, and it’s possible that in 2016 the number of red state Democrats will decline even further (even if Democrats gain seats overall). So even if there is still the possibility of Dem divisions on some issues, the fracturing off of red state Dems could matter less and less over time, making the future of Democrats in Congress one of more, not less, unity.

The hawks anti-Obama backlashBy Jennifer Rubin November 19 Follow @JRubinBlogger
If nothing else, President Obama’s inept and incoherent foreign policy is helping to reestablish the GOP as the party of hawks. We saw it yesterday in the vote led by Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) against the ill-advised attempt by Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) to restrict intelligence-gathering in wartime.
Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), left, and Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.). (J. Scott Applewhite/Associated Press)
The  Free Beacon  reports on other setbacks for “what was once perceived as a rising tide of libertarianism in the GOP and an accompanying aversion to military intervention and defense spending”:
That sort of noninterventionist position contributed to the defeat of Rep. Mick Mulvane’s (R., S.C.) bid to lead the Republican Study Committee, a 173-member bloc of the party’s most conservative members.
RSC elected Rep. Bill Flores (R., Texas) as chairman on Tuesday. He took 84 votes to Mulvane’s 57 in the second round of voting. . . .
Another of its signatories, Rep. Mac Thornberry (R., Texas) was elected to succeed McKeon as Armed Services Chairman on Tuesday, handing another victory to RSC’s national defense contingent. . . . The Republican Party’s libertarian wing suffered another defeat on those issues with the election of Rep. Devin Nunes (R., Calif.) as chairman of the House Intelligence Committee. Nunes has defended National Security Agency surveillance programs that have come under fire from civil libertarians since former NSA contractor Edward Snowden stole and leaked classified documents about those programs last year.
Certainly, some of the sentiment stems from total frustration with the White House. At an extraordinary session at the  Reagan National Defense Forum  at the Reagan library in California on Saturday, former defense secretaries Robert Gates and Leon Panetta, Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) and former national security adviser Stephen Hadley took turns slamming the administration while Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson, one of the panelists, squirmed in his seat.
In a bipartisan bashing, the former officials and McCain denounced the White House for micromanaging military operations (while praising Bush 41 and Bush 43 for refraining from doing so), stupidly telling the enemy what we will not do, abandoning the people of Ukraine by refusing to give them weapons to defend themselves and refusing to explain on a daily basis why we are fighting, how we are doing it and what we are trying to accomplish. Panetta warned that the president has “to be able to use every possible option on the table … You never tell the enemy what the hell you’re going to do!” He lectured the president in absentia that he takes an oath to defend this country and “if you are going to do it, you have to be wise and flexible enough” to use all available tools. Gates was even harsher, excoriating Obama for not matching his military authorization with his rhetoric. Without Special Operations forces, embedded trainers and advisers and forward air spotters we cannot defeat the Islamic State, he said. “It cannot be done.” And to the applause of the crowd and some panelists he declared, “The president of the United States cannot make a threat, cannot draw a red line and not fulfill, not carry it out … The credibility of the entire country is on the line, and it sends a powerful message to ISIS or anybody else when we don’t follow through on threats.”
In short, it is impossible to be taken seriously on national security as a Republican these days without renouncing chapter and verse the folly of the administration and reiterating the dangers of phony red lines, an insufficient strategy against the Islamic State and the inanity of the defense sequester cuts. Watching Panetta, Gates, Hadley and McCain, one could see a seasoned group of advisers whom any conservative seeking the presidency should consult and perhaps re-employ in national security posts. But if you have run around echoing Obama on “no boots on the ground,” the war-weariness of America, erasure of Syria’s red line and paranoid rationales for curtailing vital intelligence-gathering and defense spending, you should beware. The most informed, numerous and influential members of the party will eviscerate your presidential aspirations. And they should. Enough is enough. The country cannot endure another president this bad — or worse — when it comes to keeping us safe and secure.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Nine objects in the Bunny Mellon auction that belong in Downton Abbey  not your apartmentBy Emily Heil November 19 Follow @emilyaheil
Bunny Mellon, right, and Jacqueline Kennedy step into the lobby of the Colonial Theatre in Boston on Aug. 17, 1961. (Associated Press)
No one lives quite like legendary heiress/gardener/philanthropist  Bunny Mellon did. Jewels, artwork, houses on a couple of continents — her kind of horsey, jet-set lifestyle would be unfamiliar to most of us.
Even more foreign to the average working stiff? Many of the objects from Mellon’s Upperville, Va., estate,  slated for auction this week . Not that they’re not stunning or anything — it’s just that some of the antiques are simply obsolete, designed for purposes that modern folks couldn’t even conceive.
Here are nine items among the 2,000-plus that would fit in better at, say, Downton Abbey than at your average one-bedroom in Columbia Heights:
Stirrup cups  — A precursor to red Solo cups, these novelty-shaped receptacles (one in the shape of a fish head; two formed like fox heads) were given to departing guests, whose feet were in the stirrups of their horses, filled with a little sherry or port for the road. As one does. (Expected to fetch $3,000-$5,000)
Toy porringer and warming pan  — What’s better than a bowl used to hold gruel  (yum!) or a long-handled metal dish filled with embers that is used to heat a cold bed? Miniature versions of them. ($2,000-$3,000)
Snuff boxes — The classiest way to stash one’s stash was inside one of these bitty, decorative containers used to hold sniffable powdered tobacco for when teatime (or all that sherry) didn’t leave you with enough of a buzz.  The estate includes a slew of options, from a silver Victorian model ($400-$600) to a circa-1760 enamel number ($1000-$1500).
Skippet box  — Before e-mail, people actually wrote letters and stuff. On paper. Which they placed in envelopes and sealed. Licking them did no good. These required a seal (a glob of warm wax, pressed with a kind of stamp) to stay closed. And where to keep said stamp? Skippet box to the rescue! ($3,000-$5,000)
Ink stand  — This “George III cube-form” ink stand was where people kept their, um, ink. Well before they kept it in Bic pens, if they keep ink around at all. ($3,000-$5,000)
Whip and cane stand  — Unless you’re a dominatrix, chances are, you don’t need a piece of furniture in your foyer specially designed to hold whips and canes. Also, who has a foyer? ($800-$1200)
Book press  — You definitely wouldn’t want to stick your Kindle in this contraption, used to bind or repair books. ($500-$700)
Tea stove  — Before there were microwaves to zap your afternoon pick-me-up, one might have made use of the likes of this Dutch neoclassical-style appliance crafted from walnut and fruitwood marquetry. ($2,000-$3,000)
Hitching post — Now, if you want your ride to stay where you left it, you use a car alarm. But once upon a time, security meant carefully tying up your steed lest he gallop away. ($200-$300)
 

CubeSmart adds space to portfolioReal Estate Real Estate Sellers
Self-storage properties change hands
Chicago-based Harrison Street Real Estate Capital has completed the first part of a two-part deal to sell 26 self-storage properties for $223 million, according to NGKF Capital Markets, which represented the firm.
The first portion of the deal involved the sale to CubeSmart, a self-storage real estate investment trust, of 22 properties and 1.7 million square feet of space in Illinois, California, Florida, Nevada, New York, Ohio and Rhode island. A second portion of the sale to CubeSmart is expected to close in March.

Rusedski pulls out of Punjab teamUpdated: November 20, 2014 00:54 IST
Rusedski pulls out of Punjab team
PTI
Tweet
THE HINDU
READY FOR IT: Leander Paes (right) of Punjab Marshalls, who will have additional workload, at a press conference with Somdev Devvarman (left) and Garbine Muguruza. Photo: Akhilesh Kumar
TOPICS
tennis
There seems to be no end to Punjab Marshalls woes in the inaugural Champions Tennis League (CTL) as Greg Rusedski has also pulled out of the side due to a foot injury.
David Ferrer had also pulled out from the Punjab team before the start of the league while Philipp Kohlschreiber was replaced by Cyprus star Marcos Baghdatis in the Pune team.
Leander Paes will have to play the legends singles match for Punjab apart from the mixed doubles and men’s doubles.
“I haven’t played a singles match in a long time. But being a serve and volley player, playing on faster courts is going to help me. Hopefully I can support my team and help them win a few sets,” said Paes.
Team owner Gurpreet Singh Kiki said: “It is very unfortunate that Rusedski had to pull out. It is a big loss for the team.”
Having lost the first match 19-25 to group topper Delhi on Monday, Punjab Marshalls is confident of getting back on the winning track when it enters the home stretch. The team will host Mumbai on Thursday and Delhi Dreams on Friday.
“We have to overcome this adversity as a team. We win or lose as a team.
“When we are on court, we play for the city; we play for the whole state of Punjab.
“This is our home court, and hopefully with the home crowd behind us, we will be able to put these things behind,” said Gurpreet.
India’s top singles player Somdev Devvarman hoped things will change for the better in the next two days.
“I really enjoy playing on quick courts. I had fun the other day playing with Leander. Doubles is definitely our strong point. Plus we’ve had a couple of extra days of practice.
“I think with a little bit of luck on our side we can win a few more points for the team.”

Elon Musk questions Air Force ethics
Bill Cosby pilot no longer going forward at NBCBy Emily Yahr November 19 Follow @emilyyahr
Bill Cosby poses for a portrait in New York. (Victoria Will/Invision/AP, File)
In the wake of multiple rape allegations against Bill Cosby, NBC has officially scrapped development of its upcoming project starring the 77-year-old comedian. The network had no further comment.
It was clear in the last few days — when more women came forward and said that Cosby had drugged and sexually assaulted them — NBC wouldn’t have much of a choice. This past summer, NBC entertainment president Jennifer Salke told TV reporters that the comedy would be a “multi-generational family show” with Cosby as “the patriarch of the family, dispensing his classic wisdom on relationships and parenthood.”
Though the project was still in extremely early stages — there was no script and it had not been officially greenlit by network executives — going forward apparently seemed impossible after the latest allegations. On Tuesday, former “America’s Next Top Model” judge Janice Dickinson became the fifth woman to publicly say that she was sexually assaulted by Cosby. “Stuffing feelings of rape and my unresolved issues from this incident. . . drove me into a life of trying to hurt myself,” the former supermodel told “Entertainment Tonight.”
Cosby’s lawyer called Janice Dickinson’s claims “a complete lie.” Over the weekend, Cosby refused to say a word when NPR host Scott Simon asked him about the allegations. His lawyer later released a statement that said, “Over the last several weeks, decade-old, discredited allegations against Mr. Cosby have resurfaced. The fact that they are being repeated does not make them true. Mr. Cosby does not intend to dignify these allegations with any comment.”
This is the second company that has dropped support of Cosby-related projects: Tuesday night, Netflix confirmed that it would postpone the launch of Cosby’s comedy special, scheduled to be streamed starting on Thanksgiving.
The storm around Cosby’s image crisis has gone from bad to apocalyptic in the last couple of weeks. Though allegations about Cosby first emerged a decade ago (he settled a civil lawsuit against a woman in 2006), they got renewed buzz this fall when a major new Cosby biography by former CNN and NBC exec Mark Whitaker conspicuously failed to mention them; a month later, the story went mainstream again when comedian Hannibal Buress called Cosby a rapist in his stand-up act. Last week, former actress Barbara Bowman wrote a first person account for The Post called “Bill Cosby raped me. Why did it take 30 years for people to believe my story?” that went viral.
Cosby is scheduled to perform a show in Melbourne, Fla., on Friday.
In the wake of multiple rape allegations against Bill Cosby, NBC has canceled a project starring the 77-year-old comedian and Netflix is postponing the launch of his stand-up comedy special. (Reuters)
RELATED READING:

New clarity to ties with AustraliaUpdated: November 19, 2014 01:20 IST
New clarity to ties with Australia
heads of state
While the invitation to Brisbane for the G-20 summit took Mr. Modi there, the decision to travel to three other Australian cities, when he had other pressing domestic commitments, was well considered.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Australia was long overdue, coming 28 years after Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi travelled to the continent. While the invitation to Brisbane for the G-20 summit took Mr. Modi there, the decision to travel to three other Australian cities, at a time when he had other pressing domestic commitments, was well considered. His address to the diaspora in Sydney generated much enthusiasm among the often ignored but influential community, and his address to parliamentarians was well received. As a result, his meeting with Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has seen relations being upgraded and imparted with clarity. The focus was much required. Even as India and Australia work towards a free trade agreement by 2016, bilateral trade between the two countries has lagged considerably behind the potential. The actual trade languishes at just $15 billion, against a $40 billion target by 2015, set during former Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard’s bilateral meeting with former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in 2012. Smoothening investment procedures for Australian businessmen even as Indian businessmen are invited into Australia to buy coal mines and invest in infrastructure for other mineral resources, must be taken up as a priority. Another worry: after many years of negotiations, the civil nuclear deal has been signed to allow Australia to sell uranium to India, but the last mile has not yet been reached, and the rising price of Australian uranium might make it unviable by the time the agreement is operationalised.
On the strategic side as well, the two countries have little time to lose. India and Australia may have declared a strategic partnership in 2009, but the relationship has been undefined and vague for the most part. The much talked about India-Japan-Australia-U.S. quadrilateral came a cropper, partly due to Australia’s hesitation in joining any front that may be perceived as ‘anti-China’. Mr. Modi’s bilateral meetings came after Chinese President Xi Jinping’s meetings in Canberra where China and Australia announced an FTA and enhanced strategic cooperation. The newly announced India-Australia strategic framework, that structures annual meetings between the leaders, defence ministers and regular exchanges between the armed forces and non-defence forces on counter-terrorism, piracy and cybersecurity, is a positive step that focusses on the shared strengths of India and Australia. It must not be seen as a ‘defensive position’ against any other country. Given the drift of the past, it is to be hoped that the upgraded framework will also give New Delhi a clearer line of sight to Canberra, and not the position at the “periphery of our vision,” as Mr. Modi said during his address to the Australian Parliament.

Countering another string of pearlsUpdated: November 19, 2014 01:16 IST
Countering another string of pearls
T. P. Sreenivasan
Tweet
Photo: AP
MILITARY COUP TO DEMOCRACY: The timing of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Fiji is appropriate as racial harmony and non-discrimination, which India had wished for Fiji, have been accomplished. Picture shows Fijian Prime Minister Frank Bainimarama waiting to cast his vote in the 2006 election before he seized power.
TOPICS
heads of state
Narendra Modi’s visit to Fiji has to be followed up with a robust programme of co-operation in areas in which India has particular strengths
For a handful of islands scattered on the Australia-U.S. trunk route in the Pacific, with less than a million people, Fiji is new to international rivalries. The South Pacific has been a western lake with the happy co-existence of the U.S., France and Australia, inevitably dominated by Australia’s commercial interests. Some ripples occasionally disturbed the placidity of these waters when Father Walter Lini, the maverick Prime Minister of tiny Vanuatu, hobnobbed with the erstwhile Soviets, when the island states protested against the French nuclear tests and disposal of waste on the atolls, when the indigenous people asserted their rights in Australia, New Zealand and Fiji, and when Libya’s Muammar Qadhafi did some sabre-rattling in the area. But these subsided and peace and tranquillity returned soon enough.
Political and protocol challenge
The arrival this week of the leaders of the two giants of Asia, India and China, who have also invited a dozen South Pacific leaders to meet them there, will be an unprecedented political and protocol challenge to Fiji. As a popular tourist destination, Fiji has enough luxury rooms to cater to the unusual group of diplomats in sartorial elegance, as against the tourists in bermudas and bula shirts and Fijians in Scottish kilts. But the political fallout of the visit will extend the tensions in the Asia Pacific to its southern corner.
Fiji was the first among the island states of the region to taste political upheavals, first on attaining independence from the British and then when the political compact between the native Fijians and the immigrant Fiji Indians collapsed on account of the first military coup in the region by Sitiveni Rabuka in 1987. India, in a reversal of its traditional policy of non-interference in such situations, fought for the rights of the Fiji Indians through economic sanctions and promoted their cause in the Commonwealth and the United Nations. By standing by Fiji Indians at a time of crisis, India sent a strong signal of solidarity to the Indian communities abroad. In the short term, the Fijians were concerned, but it dawned on them that it was the Indian position that led to the eventual return of democracy in the elections of 2014.
Although the present Prime Minister of Fiji, Rear Admiral (Rtd) Frank Bainimarama, first took power through a military coup, he concentrated on building communal harmony and creating a constitution devoid of the race-based electoral rolls, which was devised by the British. The abolition of the unelected Council of Chiefs removed the last vestiges of feudalism in Fiji. The moderates among the Fijians and the Fiji Indians supported him, leading to the removal of the racial divide in Fiji politics.
His Fiji First Party won an impressive victory even though the Social Democratic Liberal Party of the native Fijians and the National Federation Party, the traditional Fiji Indian Party, won some seats. Mr. Bainimarama had visited India twice to raise confidence among the Fiji Indians. As a nationally elected Prime Minister, he has no reason to be prejudiced against Indian influence in Fiji. His own senior advisers include Indian professionals and politicians such as Attorney General Aiyaz Sayed-Khaiyum.
India is certainly at an advantage in its bid to retain influence in the region, even as China is making sustained efforts to woo Fiji and the other islands in the South Pacific. In fact, India had no competitors in Fiji, as Pakistan had no presence and China had maintained only a token presence in the island country. China was focussed on seeking recognition from the islands, many of which had diplomatic relations with Taiwan. Having won that battle after many of them adopted the ‘One China’ policy, China has proceeded to befriend them with trade and economic linkages. The Chinese now have a firm foothold in the South Pacific, but with the kind of soft power it enjoys in the region, India can resist the expansion of Chinese influence in the South Pacific.
Relations with other islands
Apart from Fiji, Tonga, Vanuatu and Nauru have cordial relations with India, while Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, Kiribati and others have warm feelings for India. The Indian brand is known in these islands mainly because of the Fiji Indian traders and businessmen. Nauru depends on India for teachers and administrators and had invested in the Paradeep Phosphates as part of its strategy to invest abroad in the context of its dwindling land. Tonga had a king who had a special relationship with Indian leaders and who had visited India. Vanuatu felt close to India because of its socialist dreams. At one time Australia had some apprehensions about the expansion of the Indian Navy in the Indian Ocean, but it doesn’t resent Indian influence in these islands now.
Unlike Japan and Vietnam, Australia has no major problems with China, and their commercial and economic relations are significant. This is a factor which will have an impact on the attitude of the South Pacific towards China. But the human rights violations in China, which Australia resents, must be a concern for the smaller state too. The only factor that weighs in favour of China in the region will be the massive investments that it promises to make in return for a market and strategic space in the South Pacific.
The visit of the Indian Prime Minister to Fiji comes 33 years after Indira Gandhi’s visit. But the timing of Narendra Modi’s visit is most appropriate because racial harmony and non-discrimination, both of which India had wished for Fiji, have just been accomplished. But the visit has to be followed up with a robust programme of co-operation in areas in which we have particular strengths. Indian businessmen tend to deal with those countries which give them the maximum profits, but other things being equal, they will be happy to source Indian products for the islanders.
Mr. Modi will receive a royal welcome, with popular participation. The Chinese President is likely to be received warmly, but only by the government. The contrast will be too obvious to be missed. Moreover, the arrival of the leaders of the other island states at the invitation of the Indian Prime Minister will be impressive. Mr. Modi will also address the Fiji Parliament in which the successors of the indentured labourers, who came to these islands in the 19th century, are represented. That will be an emotional moment. China appears to have plans to build another “string of pearls” in its favour in the South Pacific, mainly through trade and economic cooperation. India can effectively counter these moves if it makes use of its assets in the region.
(T.P. Sreenivasan was High Commissioner to Fiji and other South Pacific island states from 1986-89.)

Govt team insisted not to use the word caste  sayactivistsPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:45 am
Members of Indian civil society participating in the United Nations-Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (UN-ESCAP) conference in Bangkok have alleged that the official delegation from India insisted that the word ‘caste’ not be mentioned in the outcome document of the meet.
The conference, centred around womens’ issues in Asia and the Pacific, was aimed at setting out a fresh agenda for the 20-year anniversary of the Beijing Conference (Beijing 20+) in 2015.
The Indian activists alleged that on the second day of the conference, the official delegation insisted that ‘caste’ be replaced by ‘social origin’.
Asha Kowtal of the National Campaign for Dalit Human Rights, who was present at the conference, said the official delegation explained the change, saying “it’s an internal matter of India”. “If the Constitution mentions it, why should we not acknowledge it? There has been this hesitation in wanting to project a sanitised version of things in India,” says Kowtal.
Fatima Burnard of Tamil Nadu Dalit Women’s Organisation said: “The Dalit issue is for real and with 160 million Dalits, it is a world issue. It can’t be hidden by not using the word ‘caste’. We are saddened by the approach of this government.”
About 27 unofficial Indian delegates, comprising civil society representatives, said the official Indian delegation over-emphasised the impacts of national budget allocations for women under different schemes. Critical issues related to implementation of the schemes and accountability for institutionalized practice of impunity were ignored, they said.
They also alleged that the official delegation short-shrifted them. They added that Minister for Women and Child Development Maneka Gandhi “rejected” the memorandum of the civil society participants as “too general” and “suggested that the Civil Society Organisation groups can use it to justify their foreign trip”.
The activists told mediapersons that the official team played up government schemes like Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. “Violence against women was not addressed at all. Instead, the official delegation glorified campaigns like Swachh Bharat. Gravity of prevailing sexual violence, appalling condition of reproductive health, discrimination faced by women due to social and cultural norms, degrading sex ratio, feminization of poverty and several related issues acting as crucial barrier to women’s equality qualify to figure in the India’s official deliberation.”
The Union Minister or members of the official delegation were not available to respond to the allegations.

Chidambaram: Why KVP There are betteroptionsPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:44 am
A day after the government re-launched the Kisan Vikas Patra (KVP) with a promise to double investments in 100 months, former finance minister P Chidambaram said there are other fixed-income instruments which offer better returns.
“Government has re-launched the KVP. The ostensible purpose is to promote savings. The argument is suspect because there are other fixed-income instruments which offer better returns,” he said in a statement on Wednesday.
The KVP, which was launched by finance minister Arun Jaitley on Tuesday offers a fixed interest rate of about 8.5 per cent. A very popular small saving product that was originally launched in 1988, the KVP was, however, withdrawn during the UPA’s tenure over concerns that it is used for money laundering since it is a bearer bond.
The former finance minister raised concerns over other features of the product, adding that he will reserve judgement until the government responds to his four queries. “Is it correct that payment is not required to be made by cheque or bank draft but can also be made in cash,” he asked, adding , “Will those who have a PAN be required to quote the PAN or is PAN being dispensed with?”
He also expressed doubt over the provision of transfers. “Will a KVP be freely transferable without any limit on the number of transfers? If so, what is the use of applying KYC to the first purchaser,” he asked.

India readies proposal to double power toNepalPrint
Written by Anil Sasi | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:43 am
Marking a significant step in its nascent electricity diplomacy efforts, India has agreed to provide 150 MW of power to Nepal in addition to the 120-140 MW of power that it exports currently.
The move will effectively double the export of power to Nepal and significantly mitigate the Himalayan nation’s power shortage, which turns acute during the winter months.
Nepal has a generating capacity of 600 MW but the hydroelectric output is severely reduced during winter, when the demand peaks.
In order to facilitate this additional flow of power, the Indian government has allocated 150 MW power from its unallocated quota from the Dadri thermal power station to Bihar.
The power will be exported from the international boundary with Bihar, where the load of Nepal is concentrated. This would be done through two new 132 kV lines — the 15 km, 132 kV Raxaul-Parwanipur line and the 17 km Katayia-Kusaha line. The two lines will be constructed shortly at a total estimated cost of Rs 20 crore, government officials involved in the exercise said.
The proposal is expected to be taken up at the meeting of the Indo-Nepal joint working group and joint steering committee to be held on November 20 as a follow up of the India-Nepal power trade agreement signed in September 2014. Prime Minister Narendra Modi is slated to travel to Nepal in the third week of November for the 18th SAARC summit, where he is likely to oversee the inking of a pact that would pave the way for the setting up of a 900 MW hydropower project in that country.
The project development agreement (PDA) for the 900 MW Arun III hydroelectric power project was finalised late last month as a precursor to Modi’s visit to Kathmandu for the SAARC summit.
The signing of the PDA for the Rs 5,139 crore project (2010 price levels), to be developed by state owned SJVN Ltd, is being seen as a defining step in the consolidation of the power sector cooperation between the two countries.

9 civilians dead in Syria regime raid on IS stronghold:MonitorNine civilians, including a woman, were killed in a Syrian government air raid on Wednesday on the city of Raqa, the stronghold of Islamic State jihadist group.
By: Agence-France Presse | Beirut | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:41 am
Nine civilians, including a woman, were killed in a Syrian government air raid on Wednesday on the city of Raqa, stronghold of the Islamic State jihadist group, a monitoring group said.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said four women and a child were among 16 other civilians wounded in the bombing in Raqa, which has also been the target of air strikes by a US-led coalition.
The regime has this week stepped up air raids on areas across war-torn Syria held by jihadists and other rebel groups.
According to the Britain-based Observatory, which relies on activist and medical sources on the ground, government aircraft have carried out almost 1,600 raids since October 20 killing 396 civilians, including 109 children.

Rupee tanks to over 8-month low on Dollar demand from oilfirmsSlowdown in foreign capital inflows also weighed on rupee
By: ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:40 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 10:59 am
 
The rupee on Wednesday extended its losses for the fifth session in a row and ended at eight and a half month low of 61.96 against the US dollar as global gains in the currency ahead of the release of US Federal Reserve minutes, and slumping crude prices, prompted oil firms to step up purchases.
According to a dealer, slowdown in foreign capital inflows also weighed on rupee that ended 22 paise lower while the dollar index was trading almost stable against six major currencies.
This was its weakest closing since finishing at 62.04 on March 3. It had also logged intra-day low of 62.15 on March 4. The Fed minutes come amid rising expectations the US central bank is moving towards eventual rate hikes, in contrast to the European Central Bank or the Bank of Japan. The rupee fall came after the dollar hit a fresh seven-year high against the yen on Wednesday, and held near a 14-month peak versus the pound sterling. The yen fell as low as 117.655 to the dollar, its weakest since October 2007, and was last close to that low at 117.605, down 0.7 per cent.
The fall in the Sensex also impacted the rupee sentiment. Foreign portfolio investors sold shares worth net Rs 101.98 crore on Tuesday, according to provisional data. The rupee has weakened by 45 paise in five straight days.
The Fed is expected to raise interest rates at some point in 2015 as the US economic recovery broadens, but markets will be looking closely at the minutes for signs of timing of the first rate hike.

Need attractive business environment  low inflation to stem black money flowabroadPrint
Written by Surabhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:38 am
Black money stashed abroad is an indicator that economies need to make their financial systems safer, said Catherine L Mann, chief economist, OECD. In an interview with Surabhi, she noted that people expect the new government to take through policies for
8 per cent growth. Excerpts:
How difficult is achieving 8 per cent growth for India?
Our projections show India’s GDP growth will rise to almost seven per cent and that’s very good. But to absorb the workforce, especially the youth that is coming in to the market, growth has to be faster. This will also produce the most possibility for consumption and improve standards of living. That will take time and India has to start now. There is a change in sentiment with the new government and its capacity to change policies, and people are really looking to it to take India to 8 per cent growth.
Is there a link between sentiment and fundamentals?
Yes, I do think that there is a link. But sentiment will only stay in the government’s favour for a relatively short period of time. Sentiment has to be backed by action, action must be backed by implementation and implementation with results. New policies can be announced and people can come forward and invest. But if they are then, faced with the same challenges on infrastructure, corruption, business environment, then the bloom on the rose will fade.
How challenging is the fiscal consolidation plan?
India will be lucky on crude oil, where prices and global demand will stay low for a while. That is a benefit for India’s fiscal standpoint and it needs to use it to solidify fiscal reforms. Removing subsidies now is easier on inflation and also for the population to absorb.
Are curbs on gold imports sustainable way to control the current account deficit?
Curbs on gold import will not be satisfactory as in an environment where there is a lot of demand, people find a way of getting around. There has to be alternative support to make the CAD more robust. This is where competitiveness of industry comes in because even if global demand is weak, improved competitiveness could improve exports. Also foreign direct investment and becoming a part of the global value chain provide a more stable environment for exports, which is very important.
Do you think bringing back black money from abroad will benefit economic growth?
Black money is indicative of two things— first, there is no investment to do at home and second, that my money is not safe at home as there are inflationary issues. I think that what we should realise is that if there is a lot of black money outside, then there is work to do inside. We need to make the domestic financial system safer, the inflation rate more predictable and lower and the business environment to support investment more attractive. Then, the money will come home by itself.

Zomato raises $60 mn; valued at $660 mn afterfundraisingPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:36 am
Restaurant search service Zomato on Wednesday announced that it has closed a new round of funding of $60 million at a post-money valuation of an estimated $660 million.
The funds will be used to accelerate Zomato’s global expansion and new product development.
This latest round of funding is being led jointly by Info Edge (India) Ltd and Vy Capital, with participation from Sequoia Capital. This takes Zomato’s total funding to over $113 million. Zomato had earlier raised $53 million from Info Edge and Sequoia Capital over multiple rounds of funding. Zomato says it offers detailed information, menus and photos for over 3,00,000 restaurants across 18 countries it is present in.
Deepinder Goyal, founder and CEO of Zomato, said, “Zomato is well on its way to becoming the world’s local expert in dining out. In the past year, we have added eight countries and millions of new users to our foodie truck.”
Sanjeev Bikhchandani, Founder of Info Edge, said, “The company is growing very fast, and we are proud to back them up to further grow the business — both inside and outside of India.”

Black Friday Isn t Dead! It s Just Evolving with Shoppers
This year a normal-looking Barbie-style doll is on the market featuring proportions that reflect the modern-day  not-totally-perfect woman. .Move over, impossibly perfect Holiday Barbie .
This year a “normal”-looking Barbie-style doll is on the market featuring proportions that reflect the modern-day, not-totally-perfect woman.  .
Nickolay Lamm
Shots of the "Lammily" doll, a new doll with more natural female proportions, now on sale.
The doll was created by artist Nickolay Lamm, who launched a crowdfunding campaign last March to turn his prototype “anti-Barbie" -- who has hips, thighs and a backside proportioned to look like an average 19-year-old woman -- into a real product.
Second-graders react to a Lammily doll as compared to a Barbie doll.
“A lot of toys are in a fantasy world and I want to make reality cool. Because reality is cool. So why not show that through a toy,” Lamm told NBC.
Lamm’s fundraising campaign met its initial goal of $90,000 in one day. Within a month he had raised $500,000.
Nickolay Lamm
Stickers that allow kids to add tattoos, along with acne, scars and stretch marks to their Lammily doll.
Now, just in time for the holiday season, Lammily  dolls are available for purchase. Just like Barbie and her friends, the Lammily dolls have fashion outfits and accessories, but these too are little more "normal" than Barbie’s.
In addition to clothing sets that celebrate different countries, accessories for Lammily dolls include re-usable vinyl stickers that can be used to add real-life marks to the dolls, including stretch marks, freckles, acne, moles, grass stains, dirt stains, stitches and temporary tattoos.
“You can also add minor cuts and bruises, like ones you’d get from falling down while snowboarding,” said Lamm.
Lammily dolls include a numbered passport that allows a child to name his or her own doll and are available for order ($25, Lammily.com ) now, with shipment promised in time for the holidays. The vinyl sticker accessories and a line of clothing accessories can also be ordered now but won’t ship until mid-January 2015.
26-year-old Lamm, who played mostly with Batman and other action figures when he was a kid, said he’s hoping to make a normal-proportioned boy dolls sometime in 2015.
Tags:

Buffalo hit goads SpiceJet to survey pointsvulnerablePrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:46 am
Following the incident at Surat Airport earlier this month — when a SpiceJet aircraft was hit by a buffalo while taking off — the airline has launched its own survey of other small and vulnerable airports parallel to a probe being undertaken by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA).
The airline, which is learnt to have “cancelled” more than 30 flights in the past week, said it’s going through a “fleet restructuring”, which has led to “rescheduling” of flights.
“We have changed our schedule. This is some short term pain. We are telling passengers that we have changed it for a short time till sometime in December and we are accommodating them. The passengers are being taken care of,” Sanjiv Kapoor, the airline’s chief operating officer, said.
Following the Surat incident, SpiceJet is doing a survey of smaller airports around the country, Kapoor said.
“We withdrew from Surat because the airport is still not secure and the aircraft is still there. We have started inspecting other small airports on our own. We will be sharing our findings with the DGCA, which is carrying out its own survey. But now we do not want to take a chance. The Surat incident is a wake up call for the industry,” he said. The DGCA is already probing the November 6 incident where around 170 passengers and crew had a narrow escape.
The budget airline’s daily flights have fallen from 345 in July to 300 now, and its Boeing 737 fleet from 35 in July to 28 — of which two are not operational. Kapoor said the airline will have a fleet of 35 Boeing 737 aircraft by December and hopes to have 45-50 Boeing in the fleet by the second half of the next calendar year.

Pakistan under pressure after late strikes by NewZealandPrint
By: Associated Press | Dubai | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:46 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 10:53 am
New Zealand were eyeing a vital lead in the second Test as they exposed Pakistan’s tail for the first time in the series despite Azhar Ali and Younis Khan scoring half centuries on Wednesday. New Zealand made a strong comeback in the last session on day three to claim three wickets and restrict Pakistan to 281-6 to still trail by 122 runs. Sarfraz Ahmed was 28 not out and No. 8 batsman Yasir Shah was on 1 at Dubai International Cricket Stadium.
Fast bowler Trent Boult earned immediate success with the new ball when captain Misbah-ul-Haq (23) prodded at an outswinger and sent a thick outside edge to first slip. Legspinner Ish Sodhi (2-65) then ended Ali’s nearly 5 1/2-hour defiant knock of 75 off 225 balls when he clean bowled him with a quicker delivery. Asad Shafiq (44) was bowled by Boult off a no-ball when on 21, but added 59 runs with Ahmed before he fell in the penultimate over, giving fast bowler Tim Southee his first wicket of the series.
Khan, who scored four centuries in the previous three Tests, was out for 72 playing a loose drive off medium-pacer James Neesham in the second session after denying New Zealand success for well over three hours. Khan put on 113 runs with Ali before Neesham struck in his second over as New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum persisted with his seamers in defense of their first-innings total of 403.
Earlier, resuming the day at 34-2, Khan and Ali dominated the spinners and took Pakistan to 118-2 at lunch with Khan reaching his half century in the last over. Khan blunted New Zealand’s spinners with aggressive batting at the same Dubai venue where he scored Test centuries in two innings against Australia last month. He reached 50 by dispatching Mark Craig’s delivery to the long-on boundary in the last over before lunch as the offspinner conceded five sixes on day three.
New Zealand hoped to build on their momentum after their spinners removed both Pakistan opening batsmen cheaply late Tuesday. But Khan and Ali were in no mood to be tied down, and combined for 50 runs in the first hour. Khan twice lofted Craig on the legside for big sixes, and Ali smashed Corey Anderson for two fours in one over, causing the left-arm fast bowler to be taken out of the attack after just two overs.
With Sodhi and Craig failing to trouble Khan and Ali in the first session, McCullum deployed his four seamers after the break, which slowed down Pakistan’s progress. Ultimately, Khan chased Neesham’s wide delivery and was caught low by Craig in the covers. Khan faced 160 balls, hitting seven fours and the two sixes. Ali remained composed and reached his half century off 150 balls with five fours, as he added 40 runs with Misbah before Pakistan lost momentum in the last session and lost three wickets for 99 runs.
Pakistan lead the three-match series 1-0 after an emphatic 248-run victory in the first test last week.

Teacher arrested for molesting 7studentsPrint
By: Express News Service | Pune | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:45 am
The airport police arrested a 30-year-old teacher employed at an English medium school in Lohegaon on the charges of molesting seven girls of classes VII and VIII several times over the past one year. The matter came to light after police came to know about the alleged molestation of girls by a teacher and approached the school and the parents of the girls.
On November 12, some girls of class VIII told their class teacher that one of their male teachers had made a girl student stay back in classroom during recess and asked the others to leave. He allegedly touched her inappropriately, police said.
Assistant inspector Seema Dhakne, who recorded the initial statements in the case, said, “The girls told us this has been happening since long.
But after the incident on November 12, they decided to approach the class teacher. We have been told the incidents stopped after that.”

Finch  pacemen guide Australia to bigwinSteve Smith hit a swashbuckling unbeaten 73 off 55 balls as Australia amassed a formidable 329 for five (Source: AP)
By: Agence-France Presse | Canberra | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:43 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 10:49 am
Australia cruised to a 73-run victory over South Africa in their third one-day international on Wednesday on the back of big-hitting innings by Aaron Finch and Steve Smith. Opener Finch cracked 109 off 127 balls and Smith hit a swashbuckling unbeaten 73 off 55 balls as Australia amassed a formidable 329 for five off their 50 overs in Canberra.
The Proteas were always up against it and were dismissed for 256 in the 45th over, with last man Imran Tahir unable to bat because of a knee he injured while fielding. The Australians now lead the five-match series 2-1 ahead of the final games in Melbourne on Friday and Sydney on Sunday.
Left-armer Mitchell Starc troubled the South Africans with his late swing and finished with four for 32 off eight overs, while fellow opening bowler Josh Hazlewood claimed three for 51. Hashim Amla hit 102 off 115 balls and skipper AB de Villiers cracked a belligerent 52 off 34 balls to briefly threaten Australia’s bowlers.
Smith was named man-of-the-match for his innings which was full of improvised shots, including one boundary cheekily hit through his legs.
Finch was in blistering form as the Australians made full use of the slow Manuka Oval pitch after winning the toss. Finch hit nine fours and three sixes to spearhead the Australian run plunder before he was dismissed by part-time bowler de Villiers in the 41st over.
Fellow opener David Warner pounded 53 off 50 balls, with six fours and two sixes, in a first-wicket stand of 118 in 20 overs. Warner looked set for a big score before he found de Villiers, who took a leaping catch at mid-wicket.
Smith crashed eight fours in a majestic knock, while Shane Watson took a more controlled 40 off 38 balls before he miscued and was caught in the deep by David Miller off the medium pacers of Farhaan Behardien. Watson holds the highest ODI score at Manuka Oval with 122 against the West Indies in 2013.
Morne Morkel was the best of the Proteas bowlers with two for 84, while Vernon Philander, de Villiers and Behardien took a wicket each. South Africa’s hopes were pinned on the fourth-wicket stand of 76 between Amla and de Villiers, but once the skipper fell leg before wicket to Kane Richardson in the 38th over, the tourists were unable to keep pace with the Australian total.
Brief scores: Australia 329/5 in 50 overs (Aaron Finch 109, Steve Smith 73 not out, David Warner 53; Morne Morkel 2/84) South Africa 256 all out in 44.3 overs (Hashim Amla 102, AB de Villiers 52, Q de Kock 47; Mitchell Starc 4/32, Josh Hazlewood 3/51)

Vijay Hazare: Jaffer knock sends DelhicrashingPrint
Rajkot | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:41 am
Veteran batsman Wasim Jaffer played a perfect innings in a modest chase as Mumbai outclassed Delhi by six wickets to enter the quarter-finals of the Vijay Hazare one-day trophy. Mumbai will meet defending champions Karnataka in the quarter-finals.
Mumbai captain Suryakumar Yadav won a good toss and his bowlers responded brilliantly, bowling out Delhi for 157 in 42.3 overs. Virender Sehwag (9) and Gautam Gambhir (22) ‘s saga of failures continued as Delhi never looked like being in the match.
In reply, Mumbai maintained a steady tempo without taking undue risks, courtesy Jaffer as he struck an unbeaten 83 off 87 balls to take his team to victory in 30.3 overs. His customary on-drives were a treat to watch as all the bowlers including the seasoned Ashish Nehra were guilty of bowling on his pads. Jaffer’s innings had 11 boundaries and a six and his sequence of scores in the tournament now read: 83, 37, 84, 60 and 83 no.
Milind Kumar (64 off 94 balls) was the highest scorer for Delhi but he consumed far too many balls and the number of dot balls that he played only increased the pressure. Rajat Bhatia (12) was run-out while Puneet Bisht (12) played an irresponsible aerial sweep shot off Akhil Herwadkar.
Brief Scores: Delhi 157 in 42.3 overs (Milind Kumar 64, Shardul Tahkur 3/25) Mumbai 158/4 (Wasim Jaffer 83 no, Akhil Herwadkar 30)
Harbhajan leads Punjab into QFs 
Captain Harbhajan Singh led from the front with an all-round effort as Punjab coasted to a comfortable 29-run win against Gujarat. Punjab will meet Railways in the quarter-finals.
Put into bat at the Madhavrao Scindia Cricket Ground, Punjab rode on fine fifties from Amitoze Singh (75), Gurkeerat Singh Mann (72) and Harbhajan (51 off 25 balls) to post a respectable 255 for eight in 50 overs. In reply, Gujarat batsmen failed to capitalise on their starts as Punjab pace spearhead Sandeep Sharma, who bagged 3 wickets, helped bundle out the Parthiv Patel-led side for 226 in 47.3 overs. THe senior off-spinner also performed admirably with the ball taking two for 51 in his quota of 10 overs.
But it were the Punjab batsmen who made it count after opener Manan Vohra (6), No.3 Mandeep Singh (1) and two-down Yuvraj Singh (17) were out early. Amitoze and Gurkeerat then stitched a 104-run fourth-wicket partnership to put the Punjab innings back on track. After Gurkeerat and Amitoze were out, skipper Harbhajan, who came into bat at No 6, took matters in his own hands to give the team a much-needed boost in the middle overs.
Harbhajan not only registered his second List A half-century but also scored at a staggering strike-rate of 204. His 25-ball knock was laced with 2 fours and 6 huge sixes. Harbhajan not only sent the dangerous Priyank Kirit Panchal (38) back in the pavilion but also scalped Rujul Bhatt for 31, just when he was looking to get going.
In the end, batsman No.9 Rohit Dahiya gave Punjab a bit of a scare with his 60-ball 53, laced with 3 continued…

Godhra convict jumpsparolePrint
By: Express News Service | Vadodara | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:40 am
Salim Zarda, condemned to the gallows in the Godhra train burning case, jumped parole leading the Vadodara central jail authorities to sound an alert. Zarda had got parole from the Gujarat high court on the grounds that he needed to be present at home in Godhra to build the collapsed roof of his house.
He was among the 11 sentenced to death in the February 27, 2002 Sabarmati express carnage case in which 59 persons burned to death. The 15-day parole ended  on Tuesday.
Another convict Bilal Abdulla Badam, who is serving a life term in the same case, was attacked when on parole to attend the funeral rites of his mother. His parole ends November 21.
Vadodara central jail authorities said that Zarda was required to turn up by Tuesday after his parole term ended but did not show up and hence they alerted Godhra police and railway police to arrest him and bring him back. The lawyer who had moved his parole request before the High Court, Deepak Sindhi, said that Zarda was granted parole after a government official stood as his guarantor. He had also deposited a security money of Rs 1 lakh.”
“Zarda had sought parole on the ground that he was required to be present during the construction of his ancestral house where his family lives. I am not aware if he has moved a request for the extension of his parole. If the court grants him extension, the jail authorities may come to know about it only after a few days,” Sindhi said. Badam had sought a 15-day parole after his mother passed away and was required to surrender before the jail on November 21.

Gender bias in India extends to immunisation  education:ReportPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:35 am
A report about discrimination faced by Indian girls reveals that not only does the fight for survival of the Indian girl child begin in the womb, discriminatory practices plague things as basic as immunisation and the quality of education.
The proportion of male children who are fully immunised is 4 per cent higher than female children. By the time girls are four years old, they are much more likely to be stunted or underweight than their brothers. In 2012, 58 per cent of all primary school children in the age group of 6-14 years were boys. Also, girls with special needs have lesser access to education than their male counterparts.
The report “The World of India’s Girls (WINGS)” by Save the Children was released by Minority Affairs Minister Najma Heptulla and National Commission for Women chairperson Lalitha Kumaramangalam on Wednesday. It has recommended a national policy for the girl child and conditional cash transfer schemes as a strategy to address gender discrimination.
Safety of girls in schools is a neglected area of study despite its impacts on girls’ dropout rate, the report noted.

Closing Bell Exchange: Market-Fed gap
Ex-Cub Todd Hollandsworth takes loss on Inverness home7
A major leaguer for 12 seasons, Hollandsworth, 41, took a major loss on the house, which he bought in December 2004 from its builder for $1.725 million. He listed the house for $2.15 million for more than a year in 2006 and 2007 before he took it off the market. Hollandsworth relisted it in January 2013 for $1.95 million before taking it off the market three months later.
Hollandsworth again listed the house in August for $1.599 million. It went under contract Nov. 10.
The house, which is in Inverness' Braymore development, has 6-1/2 baths, a family room with a two-story brick and stone fireplace, a library with built-ins, a theater room, a dual staircase, a finished lower level, a heated four-car garage and a kitchen with cherry cabinets, stainless steel appliances and granite countertops. The 1.1-acre property includes a pool, a spa, a sprinkler system and frontage on a small waterway.
Hollandsworth's listing agent, Denise Hessel of Baird & Warner, declined to comment on the sale.

Even Harvard MBA women are disappointed by their careersBy Jena McGregor November 19 Follow @jenamcgregor
(Lisa Poole - Associated Press)
Another day, it seems, another study about the gender gap in careers. Over the last week,  Gallup told us women are more pessimistic about the job market. New Bloomberg Businessweek  data showed us that female MBAs reported an average of nearly $15,000 less in expected annual pay than men did. And research by a Canadian duo tells us the pay gap might have something to do with women working disproportionately for older men.
Can anything more be said?
That's the exact question asked by three co-authors in a new article  that published Tuesday in the Harvard Business Review. Their answer: a very clear yes. And to arrive at that conclusion, they put to work a very, very large sample of well-educated, ambitious men and women.
Harvard Business School professor  Robin Ely , Hunter College professor Pamela Stone  and  Colleen Ammerman , assistant director of the Gender Initiative at HBS, set out to examine what more than 25,000 male and female HBS graduates had to say about work, careers and family. In doing so, they found sharply different levels of career satisfaction for men and women, they found professional and familial expectations that were at odds with each other, and they found data that could help debunk some conventional myths about why the gender gap persists.
To start, the study unearthed a statistically significant difference in how many men versus women were happy in their careers. For instance, 59 percent of the men said they found their work meaningful, compared with just 49 percent of women. Exactly half of the men in the study said they were in jobs with opportunities for career advancement, compared with just 41 percent of women.
Meanwhile, the researchers also asked married male and female graduates what they had expected about their careers when they finished their MBAs, and how that compares to what they actually experienced in the years since. For men, reality turned out to exceed expectations: Sixty-one percent of the men, for example, said that when they graduated from HBS, they expected their careers to take precedence over their partner's — yet that turned out to be true for 70 percent of them instead. Meanwhile, just 25 percent of women said they expected to be in a traditional arrangement where their spouse's career came first. Thirty-nine percent, however, found that to be the reality.
A similar trend was found when it came to child care. For instance, 78 percent of the men believed their spouse would be the primary caregiver in their marriage, and that actually turned out to be the case for 86 percent. For women, visions of equal parenting responsibilities quickly vanished, and even more women than expected became the one shouldering child care responsibilities.
The study also was able to poke holes in some of the common theories about why the gender gap persists — such as the ideas that too many women "opt out" of the workforce after having families, or take breaks in their careers that cause them to fall behind. Neither issue turned out to be much of a factor for these ambitious, well-positioned women. Only 11 percent of the HBS alumnae surveyed were out of the workforce and caring for children full-time. (For women of color, the figure was even lower, at just 7 percent.)
The researchers also looked for a link between those who had taken a long career break, gone part-time, limited travel or done any other traditional "mommy track" moves and those who hadn't made it to top management. They found none. "In fact," the study reports, "both men and women in top management teams were typically more likely than those lower down the hierarchy to have made career decisions to accommodate family responsibilities."
So why is the gender gap so persistent? The study suggests that companies need to do more than simply institute "family-friendly" policies. They need to level the playing field for women, and have more candid conversations about men's and women's roles as well as the judgments they face.
If that answer still leaves you with questions, just wait. It won't be long before there's another study examining this perennial issue. 
Read also:

Deadly showdown at Indian gurus compound reveals dubious side of the countrys godmenBy Annie Gowen November 19 Follow @anniegowen
Supporters of Indian guru Sant Rampal display his photographs and chant slogans praising him as they gather to show support at a protest venue near Parliament in New Delhi. (Tsering Topgyal/AP)
Large swathes of a town in northern India lay in virtual lock-down Wednesday after clashes between police and supporters of a spiritual leader named Sant Rampal left six people dead and more than 200 injured, including journalists, according to local police.
Rampal and his supporters had been engaged in a stand-off with police for days after they came to collect him on contempt of court charges earlier this month.  On Tuesday, violence erupted as police tried to storm the ashram, where supporters were holed up inside, allegedly using women and children as human shields. Late Wednesday, Rampal was arrested and taken away in an ambulance.
The spiritual leader has missed more than 40 court appearances in a court case that stems from a clash with another guru’s supporters in 2006 that left one victim dead.
Rampal is one of several “godmen” in India who in recent years have built empires of hundreds of thousands of followers, multimillion-dollar businesses and ashrams around the world. These self-styled spiritual gurus – many of whom got a boost from television and media appearances as televangelists do in the West – travel with huge entourages and machine-gun toting security guards.
(Baba Ramdev, one of the best known, was just awarded “Z category” security by the Narendra Modi government, akin to Secret Service protection in the United States.)
Many, like Rampal, have arrest records, or, at best, dubious pasts. In recent years, India’s holy men have been accused of murder, sexual abuse, running prostitution rackets and illegal land acquisition.
Herewith, a rogue’s gallery of favorites:
 Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh
Singh, called the “luxury baba”  who is known for his colorful wardrobe,  presides over a sect called Dera Sacha Sauda and counts more than 15 million among his followers. He reportedly has more than 700 acres of land in the state of Haryana and ashrams around the world.  He is also a recording artist. You can watch him sing his song “Love Charger” – wearing a glittery vest emblazed with a lion – here.
He is being charged with rape and murder .
Sathya Sai Baba
Indian spiritual guru Sri Sathya Sai Baba, right, blesses his disciples as he arrives on a modified vehicle at an event to celebrate his 78th birthday at Puttaparthy, in southern Indian state of Andhara Pradesh, on Nov. 23, 2003. (AP Photo)
When Sai Baba died in 2011 , his personal rooms at his ashram in the town of Puttaparthi were found to contain nearly $8 million in gold, silver and cash, along with bags of diamond, robes and 500 pairs of shoes.
His supporters claimed he never had a bank account, but police and income tax investigators wanted to know, where did he get all that money?
Asumal Harpalani (a.k.a. Asaram Bapu)
The mega-guru has a network of over 20 million devotees and ashrams worth an estimated $760 million. But he is in a Jodphur jail after he was arrested last fall on charges of sexually assaulting a 16-year-old daughter of two of his followers.
Police had almost as difficult a time arresting him as they have bringing in Rampal. He avoided arrest for days, made police trying to serve him a summons wait while he meditated and avoided interrogation by moving between his more than 400 ashrams. Finally it took more than 300 police officers to arrest him near his headquarter in Indore, where devotees blocked rail traffic and assaulted journalists.
Baba Ramdev
Indian yoga guru Baba Ramdev waves after addressing the media at his ashram in Haridwar, India. (Pankaj Nangia / AP)
The yoga guru is known for popularizing yoga among the Indian middle class through his television show, which debuted in 2003 and has millions of viewers.
He has a trust worth around $250 million, has a Scottish island and a global business worth billions that makes ayurvedic medicine and herbal products.
Over the years, he’s been dogged with charges of tax evasion, which he has denied .
Annie Gowen is The Post’s India bureau chief and has reported for the Post throughout South Asia and the Middle East.

Study looks at best  worst Thanksgiving getaway timesBy Robert Thomson November 19 Follow @RT_Thomson
Has Tuesday overtaken Wednesday as the worst getaway day before Thanksgiving? A study by the region’s Transportation Planning Board staff suggests that the answer, broadly speaking, is yes. But your individual results may vary.
The analysis is based on traffic data provided by INRIX, the company that supplies much of the information used in the highway message boards that tell you how many minutes of driving time lie ahead.
Looking at the data on the D.C. area’s traffic for November 2012, the most recent Thanksgiving period for which sufficient information was available, the researchers found that holiday travel has some impact as early as the Sunday before Thanksgiving, and that the impact continues till the Monday afterward. But the most difficult getaways were  Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday afternoon. The traffic build-up starts early each afternoon, compared to other weeks that fall.
The chart compares traffic speeds on different days before the holiday. Click here to see the full report. (Transportation Planning Board)
Tuesday from 5 to 6 p.m.  had the lowest average travel speed on the interstates and other prime travel routes, down to 20 mph below what’s considered free-flowing traffic. The report says that’s twice as bad as the speed during a typical Tuesday afternoon commute.
On Wednesday afternoon, the worst average speeds were 15 mph below free-flowing conditions. But the researchers say the drop in speeds started much earlier. Driving conditions began to deteriorate at 11 a.m. The worst conditions developed between 3 and 4 p.m.
Those are the regional averages. The study points out that drivers on some highways experienced speeds well below the regional averages. Examples include westbound Interstate 66 outside the Capital Beltway. Speeds on the 14 miles between the Beltway and Route 29 near Centreville slowed to less than 20 mph around 4 p.m. on Thanksgiving eve. During a typical Wednesday afternoon commute, the study says, the worst slowdowns were within the four miles between the Beltway and Chain Bridge Road.
On the Maryland side, the Beltway between I-270 and I-95 was among the worst stretches to travel  Wednesday afternoon. Speeds on both sides of the Beltway slowed to less than 20 mph. During a typical Wednesday afternoon commute, the study says, average speeds usually didn’t drop below about 40 mph.
Click here for the full screen version, which shows an animation of traffic speeds produced using the Vehicle Probe Project Suite developed by the University of Maryland CATT Lab. (Transportation Planning Board image)
A few other things to note in attempting to relate the regional study to your personal planning:
The researchers say that weather did not have a big impact on travel during the 2012 study period. Traffic officials say adverse weather can be the single biggest factor in slowing traffic. So be sure to check the long-range forecast in planning our getaway.
Travelers tolerate slowdowns differently. Some drivers will look at the speed averages and the impact zones and think that their experiences in those areas are much worse than the speed data suggest. Don’t make a plan based solely on a speed data chart.
The traffic information in the study covers major roads. You know best how crowded the local streets will be around a school or office park at holiday getaway times.
The information is for the D.C. region, which for many will be the worst part of the holiday drive. But long-distance travelers should make their plans for the entire route, which may be long enough to include some other city’s rush hour.
While the study of 2012 data shouldn’t be your sole guide in making a personal plan for 2014, it’s very helpful, So do take time to review the charts. Notice that mornings and nights after rush hours were better times to get away on each day before Thanksgiving. Tuesday’s traffic was better than a normal Tuesday until about 11:30 a.m. It didn’t recover completely until around 10 p.m. On the Wednesday, traffic was worse than normal by about 10:30 a.m. It recovered — compared to a typical Wednesday — at about 5:30 p.m. But that still meant average speeds of about 50 mph, compared to the 60 mph achieved around 11 p.m. Thanksgiving and Thanksgiving Friday were terrific days to travel, all the way through. Returning traffic showed up on Saturday afternoon and was most pronounced on Sunday between about 2 and 7 p.m., compared to a typical Sunday. On Monday, it was the afternoon rush that was much worse than a typical Monday.
In the time-lapse imagery for Wednesday, note the speed deterioration on I-95 south of the Beltway beginning around noon. Note also that some sections of highway got much more congested than other sections of the same highway. Look at I-270 and Route 301 in Maryland as examples.
See also

Meet normal BarbieThe creator of the Lammily doll — the “normal Barbie” — hopes it represents what real women look like. (Photos courtesy of Nickolay Lamm)
She has cellulite, no makeup and a few extra pounds around the hips!
Forget bony, perky and perfect Barbie. Meet “normal Barbie”! She even comes with stickers where you can place a zit, some stretch marks or a scratch.
Pittsburgh graphic designer Nickolay Lamm told The Washington Post that he created the Lammily doll because he wanted to send a message that “reality can be beautiful.”
Before you ask, he also wants to do “normal Ken,” maybe a little balding, maybe a little chunky in the belly. (Possible stickers: chest hair and dirt stains.) He’s still working on it.
“Guys are a lot grosser,” he chuckled. “It’s hard to say the inappropriate things we could possibly do.”
He was inspired to work on the Lammily doll after recent reports about what the iconic Barbie doll would look like if she had the measurements of an average 19-year-old woman’s body. (Those are based on data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.)
“I feel not only kids, but we as adults try to escape reality watching movies, playing video games and being on our phones all the time,” he said. “But I wanted to show that life is beautiful and reality is all we have.”
He said he developed a passion for the project because he lived through his share of body insecurities.
Graphic designer Nickolay Lamm brought his Lammily doll to St. Edmund's Academy in Pittsburgh to see how students would react to a doll that shows “reality can be beautiful.” (Lammily.com)
“Normal Barbie” has stickers that include acne.
“Back in high school, I thought I was short for a guy at 5-5, so I starved myself and exercised to exhaustion to have a set of six-pack abs,” he said. ” I looked and felt terrible. I thought a lot about how everyone’s body is different, but we measure ourselves with one standard.”
His younger cousin, who he said was a competitive college athlete, top student, soulful person and beautiful young woman, “used to call herself ‘fat.’ She could only look ‘fat’ if compared to exceptionally thin beauty standards,” he said.
He also wants young girls to “think more about what they love and what they do and not as much as how they look. So if they have a doll that looks like everyone else, they won’t have to focus on looks so much.”
He said he’s gotten a great response, “plus my mom likes it, and, most importantly, kids like it.”
He  crowd-funded his creation, raising $501,000 — far outstripping his $95,000 target. And he has more than 22,000 orders, which ship later this month. Lamm also created a cool video that shows how he transforms a Lammily doll into a Barbie:
This post has been updated
Emily Wax-Thibodeaux is a National staff writer who covers veterans, veterans' affairs and the culture of government. She's an award-winning former foreign correspondent who covered Africa and India for nearly a decade. She also covered immigration, crime and education for the Metro staff.

Baristas of the world unite: Why college grads may be stuck at Starbucks even longer than they thoughtBy Matt O'Brien November 19 Follow @ObsoleteDogma
Brent Lewin/Bloomberg News
Study. Extracurricular-ize. Memorize SAT words. Get into college. Graduate. Get a job -- a good job. One that lets you not only pay your student loans, but also your rent — and maybe, just maybe, puts you on a path toward being able to afford really adult things like a house.
That's the checklist. Follow it, and a solidly middle-class lifestyle should be yours. The problem, though, is the last step — finding a job that matches your education — is never easy, let alone after the worst economic slump in 80 years.
According to new research , though, young college graduates not only get stuck in jobs below their skill level in bad economies, but they get stuck in them for long spells. And that hit their wages even once they've got better jobs.
That, at least, is what economists at Duke and the University of North Carolina  found when they looked at the numbers for people who came of age during the bad double-dip recession of the early 1980s. It turns out that being overeducated not only hurts your earnings in the short run, but can also hurt your earnings growth in the longer one.
Underemployment, in other words, can hurt just as much as unemployment.
The bad news is we have a lot of both right now.
Today 44 percent of recent college grads are stuck in jobs — that's a soy chai latté, right? — that don't require any sort of higher education. This is high, though not crazily so. ( Related : Was your college degree worth the cost? Depends on how you're paying for it.)
Indeed, the Duke and UNC researchers found that 37 percent of four-year grads and 66 percent of people with some college have tended to be underemployed at the start of their careers. They were able to calculate this by looking at a long-term study that began in 1979 and followed a group of 14 to 22-year olds for the next 15 years. The study told them how much schooling people got, what kind of jobs they got, and how much they made. And from there, they could figure out who had more education than they needed for their job, and what that did to their earnings.
It's an ugly picture. Even after controlling for things like race, sex, and cognitive ability, the overeducated tend to make between 2.6 to 4.2 percent less than their similarly-educated peers for up to four years time. What's most startling is that, while the unemployed suffer a bigger income hit their first year back on the job, their wages actually tend to recover faster than this.
So underemployment seems to cast a longer shadow on earnings than unemployment does.
Why?
Well, simply enough, because underemployment tends to last longer. You can see that in the chart below from Clark, Joubert, and Maurel's paper. The odds of being overeducated—the dark section—do fall the longer you've been working, but they don't fall that much. Underemployment, in other words, isn't just a transitory state for 23-year olds as try to figure out who they are, how they can break into the career they really want, and whether their lives are just Lena Dunham clichés. It's a reality that sucks people in, and a lot of times doesn't let them go.
Source: Brian Clark, Clement Joubert, Arnaud Maurel
It turns out that the longer you stay underemployed, the more likely you are to stay that way. The first year, there's a 66 percent chance that an overeducated worker will stay that way, and those odds only get worse. But it's a little more complicated than that. The researchers found that black workers and people who did worse on standardized tests were the most likely to stay underemployed. Once you control for those things, it's hard to predict who will and who won't move on to a job that actually uses their degree.
This is why recessions, which push grateful grads into whatever jobs they can find, tend to hurt earnings for a long time . What you think is just a temporary stop on the way to something bigger and better doesn't always end up that way. And it's also why unemployment insurance is such a good idea. It gives the jobless the time to find the best, and not just any, job match.
Careers are like dating. Desperation is never a good thing, and neither is settling.
Matt O'Brien is a reporter for Wonkblog covering economic affairs. He was previously a senior associate editor at The Atlantic.

William VanderbloemenThis is what a real recovery looks like: The economy added 321,000 jobs in November
Matt O'Brien
It was good news all around as the economy added 321,000 jobs in November, 44,000 more in revisions, and workers even got small raises.

Dear snow-trolls: Winter does not refute global warmingBy Chris Mooney November 19 Follow chriscmooney
Massive mounds of snow are piling up in western New York. More than four feet of snow fell in parts of Buffalo on Tuesday, while a second storm is expected Thursday. Temperatures dropped below freezing from coast to coast. (AP)
If you live in the United States, you have been feeling insanely cold lately. The area south of Buffalo got five feet of snow yesterday  -- an extreme winter weather outburst that is being blamed for a tragic five deaths -- and the Weather Channel says that parts of the Midwest and Great Lakes region may experience "one of the longest sub-freezing spells on record for the month of November." But the whole United States  has been quite cold. In Washington, D.C., last night, a weather emergency was announced due to the expectation of extremely cold temperatures.
We've been through this drill before -- last winter, actually. And it's important to keep in mind that just because it is very cold in the United States doesn't mean that you should question the overall warming trend for the planet. Weather shifts heat and cold around -- we know that. We also know our own local experiences inherently bias us, since we live the weather in only one place. But the total global picture remains one of warming.
Our friends at  Capital Weather Gang  showed as much on Tuesday by sharing a simple image of temperature departures from average for our part of the world, courtesy of the Climate Reanalyzer from the Climate Change Institute at the University of Maine. Here are today's anomalies. As you can see, the eastern United States is experiencing very unusual cold, but that dish is served with a side of baked Alaska:
November 19 temperature anomalies. Image obtained using Climate Reanalyzer , Climate Change Institute, University of Maine, USA
Note also that the global temperature anomaly is positive, not negative, and that the Arctic is especially warm, relative to baseline temperatures for 1979-2000.
Indeed, much evidence suggests that we may be experiencing this stark cold while en route to the warmest year in recorded history. Just recently we learned that at least according to data from the Japan Meteorological Agency (which may soon be confirmed by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration), October 2014 on a global level was the hottest October on record. And even before we knew what October's temperatures looked like, NOAA had shown that there was a very good chance of 2014 setting an overall temperature record.
So what about November? According to John Abraham, a climate scientist at the University of St. Thomas in Minnesota who has been keeping his own tally of global temperatures, November on a global level is warmer than average, but not likely to be another record-breaker, like September and October. But Abraham adds that despite November being a little cooler, "it’s hard for me to imagine that we will not break the annual record."
"The extraordinary thing is that this is not an El Niño year, despite a lot of discussion about El Niño emerging," adds Gavin Schmidt , director of the NASA-Goddard Institute for Space Studies, which tracks global temperatures. "And so you’re looking at a situation where you’ve got a neutral year and you’re still close to breaking records, and that’s telling you something about the whole shift in the baseline of temperatures."
All of that said, pointing this stuff out at the moment may be a losing battle. Despite the fact that weather and climate are not the same thing -- climate is the statistical average of weather -- extremely cold winters do appear to shift climate beliefs. A recent study by Tatyana Deryugina of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign found that not only do abnormal weather fluctuations greatly affect people's views of global warming, but that there's an "asymmetry" here. "Colder days weaken beliefs in global warming much more than warmer days strengthen them," noted the paper.
But the study also found that the size of the effect depends on how long the cold (or hot) spell lasts. So, keep your hopes up: Not only for a more normal winter to resume soon, but for not too many people to confuse weather and climate change in the meantime.
 

Men might be more helpful to women in heelsBy Rachel Feltman November 19 Follow @rachelfeltman
Sad but true. (Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images)
You probably already know that women in high heels are generally perceived as more attractive than their ballet-flat-wearing counterparts. But according to a French study, women who choose high heels might be more likely to get a helping hand, too -- from men, anyway.
The study, published in Archives of Sexual Behavior , was made up of four distinct experiments, each of which featured women in flat shoes, medium heeled shoes (2 inches) and high-heeled shoes (3.5 inches). Other than their heel height, the shoes were basically the same -- black, professional and in fashion.
Two of the experiments measured how likely someone was to agree to complete a survey when a woman in business casual stopped them on the street. The third experiment recorded how many people helped a researcher who pretended to accidentally drop her glove, and the fourth measured how quickly women were approached in a bar, with all things being equal except her footwear.
In all cases, the highest heels prevailed -- but only when men were involved. While females weren't more or less likely to respond to requests for help (or clear signs of a need for it, as with the dropped glove) based on the shoes worn, men were more likely to be responsive in all cases if the heels were higher.
The researchers didn't try to pinpoint exactly why teetering on high heels makes a woman more successful in getting attention -- and by extension, helpful responses -- from men.
But because the study features multiple experiments, they think they've eliminated some possible causes: Some research has suggested that men prefer heels because they make feet appear smaller, which suggests youthfulness or helplessness. But in the glove-dropping experiment, the researchers walked several paces in front of their intended subjects -- meaning that the men who rushed to alert them to their lost glove didn't have a view of their "tiny" feet, but just the heels themselves.
Other research suggests that heels enhance the stereotypical feminine gait , making a woman's walk more attractive to heterosexual men. But in the experiment where researchers tracked men's responsiveness to women in bars, they found that sitting down didn't make the heels less potent.
So the researchers think that heels have taken on a reputation that transcends any changes they actually inflict on the female form. The media regularly shows women in high heels as being incredibly sexual, the researchers write , and this may lead men to over-estimate a high-heeled woman's sexual intent. Unconsciously, this may make them more likely to notice and respond to women.
Of course, this study took place in a single country, and cultural responses to heels could be quite different in other parts of the world -- including our own. And in any case, no amount of responsiveness from the opposite sex is worth the back and foot problems associated with full-time heel wearing.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Today is World Toilet Day. Time to play Game of Thrones.By Elahe Izadi November 19 Follow @ElaheIzadi
U.N. staff install an inflatable toilet in front of the U.N. headquarters in New York to mark World Toilet Day. (Jewel Samad/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
World Toilet Day (which is today; where's my greeting card?) sort of sounds like the holidays that commemorate  toothaches  or beans , but it's actually quite serious: According to the United Nations , 2.5 billion people worldwide don't have access to sanitary facilities, and 1 billion people still defecate in public. Of course, this is a public health issue, but the lack of access to private facilities can also pose a safety threat — particularly for girls and women lacking toilet access at night.
Last year, the international body designated Nov. 19 as World Toilet Day to raise awareness about this issue. The idea was the brainchild of  Singapore entrepreneur Jack Sim , who founded the World Toilet Organization in 2001 to bring together bathroom sanitation groups in various countries.
Despite the seriousness of the cause, public health messages around the day do include lighthearted attempts to spread awareness about where to poop (such as this UNICEF video of cartoon turds dancing to techno ). So why not test your knowledge about going to the bathroom around the world with a game I am calling "Game of Thrones." (Get it? Thrones. Toilets. Whiz palace. You get it.)
1
In which country is World Toilet Day marked by cakes and festivals?
Malaysia

Sen.-elect Tom Cotton talks to Right TurnBy Jennifer Rubin November 19 Follow @JRubinBlogger
Rep. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.) is one of 11 freshmen entering the Senate. He is likely to be among the most watched, given his combat experience and expertise on national security, which, during a time of war and multiple international crises, may land him a spot on the Senate Intelligence, Foreign Relations or Armed Services committees.
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell stands with Republican senators-elect in his office, including Tom Cotton, a Republican from Arkansas. (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg)
I spoke to him by phone, beginning with the present foreign policy difficulties. Whatever embers of anti-interventionism were smoldering have pretty much been extinguished, he thinks. “Republicans are increasingly united because Americans are increasingly united,” he says.
On his campaign travels, he said, he “sure heard the desire to take the fight to the Islamic State.”
On Iran, he says, “I suspect and am somewhat fearful we will have another four-month extension,” which he argues will only allow Iran to move closer to a nuclear weapons capability. However, he is emphatic on what must happen if there is a deal and what the Senate’s role should be. He tells me: “Anything that happens should be sent to the Senate.” That is how the Constitution works, he argues. “Meanwhile, the Senate should tighten sanctions to put pressure on Iran, to put pressure on its economy.” He also wants the Senate to come up with a “framework” that outlines the contours of an acceptable agreement. “I do expect bipartisan support, ” he says, referencing the House sanctions bill that got 400 votes . “It is really just a strong way of sending a signal that Americans are united,” he explains. “I am very hopeful we can get a veto-proof majority.”
He is never as animated as when talking about restoring defense spending: “We need to restore money not only cut by the sequester but the $1 trillion [reduced before that].” He is a fiscal conservative but has a two-pronged approach for figuring out how to restore defense spending. “We should look at the baseline budgets in 2009,” he says. “You know, 2008 was not an austere time.” In the long run, he says we must look at entitlements and “we have to grow our economy to produce revenue,” but in the short term, he is certain “tens of billions” can be restored to the defense budget by combing through discretionary spending, which skyrocketed beginning with the stimulus package in the president’s first term.
Cotton was hopeful the president might not go forward on his own on immigration, but with the news that President Obama will unveil his unilateral action this week , Cotton argues, “The best case against it doesn’t come from me or other Republicans. It comes from the president. He said countless times he does not have the power.” He then makes an interesting distinction: “It is hard to make the president enforce the law. But the greater abuse would be issuing Social Security numbers, photo IDs and work permits. That takes money. We can stop money from being spent. That is what we did on Guantanamo.” He notes that in successive defense appropriations bills, Congress included a prohibition on use of funds to transfer detainees to the homeland.
“The American people voted with a very clear signal,” he says of the new members elected with a promise to stop unilateral executive action and secure the border. “Even in Oregon — not exactly a conservative bastion — they voted against issuing driver’s licenses to illegal immigrants.” He thinks the lame-duck session should not do much that’s “consequential” and defer instead to the new Congress. “I don’t think we should pass a government-wide, long-term spending bill. We should not cede authority for three-eighths of the rest of the Obama presidency,” he says about an omnibus bill that would run through the end of the fiscal year. His concern is not just on immigration. He makes a convincing case that Congress should retain leverage over spending on issues like coal regulation and Dodd-Frank regulations as well.
Cotton speaks calmly and with authority, so it is easy to forget that he is only 37 years old. He says he is humbled and honored that his state would select him as senator but has to yet to experience a “pinch-me moment.” He explains: “The campaign was long and my team and I worked very hard, so it is not like this just was handed to us.” His analogy is telling: “It is like the Army. Here I was fighting in Iraq, but this is what I was preparing for for 15 months.”
Indeed, an Army veteran who led troops in battle in Iraq and Afghanistan is not likely to be overwhelmed or intimidated by the Senate. Nor does his election appear to have gone to his head. “I have an entire life, family, friends in Dardanelle [his hometown],” he says. “When I got elected, it never occurred to me to give that up. I’ll be going back regularly, traveling, holding town halls.” It definitely seems he will have a much bigger impact on the Senate than the Senate will have on him. That would be to the benefit of the Senate, the country and Tom Cotton.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Panel of ex-envoys to insulate ties from nationalpoliticsPrint
Written by Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:14 am
New Delhi and Dhaka have started a quiet diplomatic channel aimed at insulating bilateral relations from internal political rivalries, sources said. As part of the initiative, former Indian and Bangladesh envoys attended a two-day meet in Dhaka on November 14 and 15.
At least 16 former High Commissioners, who have served as their country’s representatives in the two capitals, are part of the mechanism. Significantly, these diplomats have represented different political regimes on both sides and represent views of all kinds.
This is a first-of-its kind initiative taken by the two countries, as it was felt that there was a need to have “established systems” in place in the current political context.
“Both countries are democracies, which elect political rivals with different ideologies. The idea is to have linkages which can help protect and preserve the relationship, even after regimes change,” a former Indian diplomat said.
Six former Indian envoys in Dhaka, Muchkund Dubey, I S Chadha, Deb Mukharji, Veena Sikri, Pinak Ranjan Chakravarty and Rajeet Mitter attended the meeting, organised jointly by Dhaka University and India-Bangladesh Foundation.
Former Bangladesh envoys in India who were present include Faruq Ahmed Chowdhury, Sarooq Sobhan, Harun ur Rashid, Mostafa Faruque Mohammed, Humayun Kabir, Tariq Ahmed Karim, Hemayetuddin and Touhid Hossain.
The meeting was also attended by Bangladesh Foreign minister A H Mahmood Ali and the current Indian High Commissioner Pankaj Saran.
“Since the diplomats from Bangladesh have been political appointees by different political dispensation, it was good to hear their views on the relations,” the official said.
The group emphasised the importance of deepening and widening economic engagement between the two countries with focus on free and increasing flow of goods and services. It also called upon the two governments to intensify cooperation on security related matters.
It was also decided that a group of former High Commissioners of Bangladesh and India, who have served in the two countries, would be formed for regular interaction.
They also recommended the continuation of interaction by organising regular biennial summits. It was proposed that the next summit will be held in India in 2016. “But, they will be a phone call away, if there is a need to engage,” a South Block source said.

Judges appointment bill: Gowda writes tostatesPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:13 am
Law Minister D V Sadananda Gowda has written to state governments asking them to ratify the National Judicial Appointments Commission Bill which will put in place a new mechanism to select Supreme Court and High Court judges. The Constitution amendment bill requires ratification by at least 50 per cent of the state legislatures. Goa, Rajasthan and Tripura legislatures have already ratified the bill.

Orissa HC seeks police housing board auditreportsPrint
By: Express News Service | Bhubaneswar | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:12 am
The Orissa High Court on Wednesday asked the state vigilance department to submit the audit reports and resolutions of the board of directors of Orissa Police Housing and Welfare Corporation from when 1977-batch IPS officer Prakash Mishra was its CMD.
On September 20, the Bhubaneswar vigilance department had registered a case against Mishra, a former DGP and current special secretary in the Home Ministry, under provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act and the IPC, alleging that during his tenure as CMD of Orissa Police Housing and Welfare Corporation, an advance payment of Rs 59 crore was given some steel and cement suppliers in 2009 against existing rules.
Mishra was chairman and managing director of the housing board between 2006 and 2009 in the rank of additional DGP. Mishra, a frontrunner for the post of CBI director, had filed a writ petition last month in the HC seeking quashing of the vigilance FIR against him.
The court posted the next hearing in the case for December 9 and asked the vigilance department to furnish all these documents on that date. The HC said its order of October 12 restraining the state government and the vigilance department from taking any coercive action against the former DGP would prevail till further orders.
Last month, the court had in its interim order said that the vigilance case lodged by the Orissa government would not be a hindrance to the IPS officer’s promotion or future posting.

Bar bribe: HC orders quickprobePrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:11 am
The Kerala High Court on Wednesday directed the Vigilance and Anti Corruption Bureau to expedite investigations into a complaint that state Finance Minister K M Mani accepted a bribe to renew the liquor licences of hotels.
In its progress report submitted in court, the bureau said it had not obtained any evidence to substantiate the money transactions so far. It told the court that the statements of 13 witnesses had yet to be recorded.
In the statements of 19 witnesses that have been recorded, none have said that Mani had taken bribe. The bureau submitted the report in the court on a petition filed by CPI legislator V S Sunil Kumar, pleading that the agency be directed to expedite the investigation in a week.
Advocate-General K P Dandapani told the court that the bar hotel association working president Biju Ramesh, who had raised the allegation against the minister, had retracted from his earlier stand.     shaju Philip

South Mumbais seafront areas may open tobuildersPrint
Written by Shalini Nair | Mumbai | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:10 am
The Supreme Court Wednesday dismissed a petition by the Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority or the MCZMA, challenging a Bombay High Court order that upheld the redefinition of Mahim shore as a bay, thus potentially opening up prospects for builders to construct high-rises along a few seafront areas in South Mumbai.
For areas defined as “bays”, the decision will effectively reduce the coastal regulation zone (CRZ) protective covering for 500 metre zones from the sea’s high tide line. CRZ norms will now cease to apply beyond a 100-metre zone. As a result, water-front areas in the western coast of South Mumbai, that command steep real estate rates, will now be opened up for developers who will be allowed to construct using the high floor space index that is applicable for projects in the rest of the city.
The SC bench of Justices Dipak Misra and U U Lalit dismissed the MCZMA’s special leave petition challenging the HC’s October 2014 ruling in a case pertaining to Hoary Realty Limited (Hubtown Group). The HC had upheld the developer’s argument about his 5.3 acre plot falling outside the purview of restricted CRZ regulation as the area falls within the definition of a ‘bay’. CRZ norms have always restricted building construction up to 500 metres from the sea’s high tide line. The amended CRZ rules of 2011 reduced the CRZ protective cover for bays to only 100 metres allowing unhindered construction beyond that limit.
“Immediately after the HC ruling, we had filed our SLP in the SC. However with the court dismissing our petition, construction would now be allowed beyond 100 metres of areas defined as a bay ,” said Medha Gadgil, the state’s Additional Chief Secretary (Environment). Mukesh Verma, advocate for the MCZMA, said the SC upheld the HC’s ruling directing the MCZMA to issue its clearance to the developer within four weeks.

Maharashtras new hill station set to come up in PunesMulshiThis would be the first new hill station to come up after Lavasa and Aamby Valley.
Written by Manasi Phadke | Mumbai | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:06 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 3:13 pm
After the controversy-hit Lavasa and Aamby Valley, construction of Maharashtra’s next new lakeside hill township could begin soon in Pune’s Mulshi taluka, with the state environment authority granting environmental clearances.
The State Environment Impact Assessment Authority (SEIAA) recently gave clearance for land and infrastructure development for the new hill station, spread over 5,914 acres. The project is proposed by the Mumbai-based Maharashtra Valley View Pvt Ltd (MVVPL).
This would be the first new hill station to come up after Lavasa and Aamby Valley under the Maharashtra’s government 18-year-old policy to build new hill stations.
The SEIAA is the final authority in appraising real estate, industrial and commercial projects in the state after they are screened by the State Environment Appraisal Committees (SEAC) operating under it. The authority gave environment clearance to the new hill station project during its meeting held on October 29.
Latest Hotspot | Create Infographics
Medha Gadgil, additional chief secretary for environment in the Maharashtra government and a member of the SEIAA, said, “We have been very cautious while giving approval to the project. That is why we have given the approval only for the basic land and infrastructure development and not a blanket clearance for all construction. Once they construct the basic infrastructure, we will see as to how much load the area can take. The SEAC had scrutinised the project for 11 meetings and they have come up with an exhaustive list of conditions considering the eco-system.”
Accordingly, the clearance is restricted only to the extent of development of roads and related infrastructure such as electricity, telecommunication, transportation, water reservoirs, landfills and so on. The MVVPL will have to approach the authority again with layout plans and structural details of each proposed unit with the approval of the local planning authority to obtain approvals for further construction. The Floor Space Index considerations would be worked out separately based on land uses and approvals from the planning authorities, the SEIAA has said.
MVVPL had applied for environment clearance for the project in December 2010. Two SEACs scrutinised the project from September 2011 and July 2013, and again from January 2014 to May 2014, before it came for approval to the SEIAA. The project was much deliberated upon by the SEACs as it falls under an environmentally sensitive region in the Western Ghats.

Pakistan: Aziz faces flak for remarks on selectively targetingmilitantsBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:02 am
Pakistan National Security Advisor Sartaj Aziz faced flak from the opposition in the Senate for his remarks that there is no reason for the country to target militants who do not pose a direct threat to it.
In an interview to BBC Urdu, Aziz said that his country was not going to attack militants who do not “pose a threat to the state.”
The remarks raised doubts about Pakistan’s policy against militants. The statement was reminiscent of country’s premier spy agency ISI’s alleged distinction between the “good” and “bad” Taliban.
The opposition in Senate sought an explanation through a calling attention notice today.
Pakistan People’s Party (PPP) leader senator Farhatullah Babar moved a ‘calling attention notice’ in the Senate over the issue.
“Attention is drawn to a matter of sufficient public importance namely the Advisor’s interview to the BBC on November 17, 2014 admitting the selective nature of operation against militant groups, taking on some while leaving others,” the notice said.
Babar said that the statement is a reversal of the stated policy of across the board action against all militants reiterated recently also by the security establishment.
“A disturbing distinction has been made between militants challenging the state of Pakistan and those, using Pakistan’s soil to launch violent operations against other states in the region,” he said in the notice.
“It exposes Pakistan to the charge that it is running with the hare and hunting with the hound in the fight against militants,” he said.
The notice said that, “this highly disturbing admission at the highest level of policy formulation of turning a blind eye to non-state actors bent upon destabilising foreign states through violent means is a matter of sufficient public importance and calls for urgent attention.”
It is hoped that government might issue policy statement in the House to clarify the statement, it said.
Pakistan Foreign Office (FO) has already issued a statement, saying that Aziz’s comments were reported out of context.
“The advisor made the statement in a historical context,” the Foreign Office said.

Delhi Confidential: The reelgagBy: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:01 am
The reel gag
A suggestion from Prime Minister Narendra Modi has put actor-turned-politician Manoj Tiwari in a fix. Tiwari, a popular singer and actor in Bhojpuri movies, has apparently been advised by the Prime Minister not to act in movies in which he will have to deliver dialogues with double meaning. Bhojpuri movies these days are full of such dialogues. Following the advice might prove to be damaging for Tiwari’s film career.
Homeward Bound
After a short stay in the capital, newly appointed Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar is off to his home state Goa again, this time to attend the International Film Festival of India. Parrikar, along with I&B Minister Arun Jaitley and Minister of State for I&B Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore, is scheduled to attend the inaugural ceremony of the 10-day film festival on Thursday. This is Parrikar’s second visit to Goa after taking over as a minister in central government. On a previous occasion, he had made news by flying economy class in a commercial flight instead of taking his ministry’s Embraer jet that he his entitled to.
Giving it a miss
While the Congress managed to bring together many key Opposition figures and several foreign dignitaries at its international conference to commemorate the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru, the absence of many of its own senior leaders has not gone unnoticed. Party leaders are wondering why most of the former UPA ministers and its chief ministers gave the event a miss, that too at a time when the party is fighting against “attempts to run down Nehru’s legacy.” Tarun Gogoi was the lone Congress chief minister who was present. Senior leaders like Ghulam Nabi Azad, P Chidambaram, A K Antony, Sushilkumar Shinde, Salman Khurshid and Kamal Nath were not to be seen during the two-day event.
Headed for centre
Durga Shakti Nagpal, a UP cadre IAS officer who was put under suspension after her action against sand mafia, is all set to come to Centre on a deputation. Nagpal, a 2009 batch officer who was later reinstated and posted in Kanpur, is learnt to be joining as Officer on Special Duty (OSD) to Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh. The UP government is learnt to have given its “no-objection” to her central deputation but her file is pending with the DoPT.

Great Depression v. Great Recession
Couple Claims Bad TripAdvisor Review Cost Them Extra
Tony and Jan Jenkinson say they were charged by the Broadway Hotel in Blackpool under a "no-bad-review policy" after leaving comments on TripAdvisor.
Ted Cruz says Obama will threaten a shutdownBy Jose A. DelReal November 19 Follow jdelreal
Sen. Ted Cruz was a key player in last year's government shutdown. (AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta, File)
GOP Sen. Ted Cruz said Wednesday that President Obama will "no doubt threaten a shutdown" with his upcoming executive action on immigration.
"[T]hat seems to be the one card he repeatedly plays — but Congress can authorize funding for agencies of government one at a time," Cruz (R-Texas) wrote in an op-ed published in Politico Magazine. "If the President is unwilling to accepting [sic] funding for, say, the Department of Homeland Security without his being able to unilaterally defy the law, he alone will be responsible for the consequences."
Cruz, who is widely considered to have been one of the primary actors in last year's shutdown, has frequently accused Democrats of causing the debacle. At the time, Cruz and various tea party conservatives refused to vote for a continuing resolution to fund the government unless the Affordable Care Act was defunded.
"Congress, representing the voice of the People, should use every tool available to prevent the President from subverting the rule of law," Cruz wrote. "If the President announces executive amnesty, the new Senate Majority Leader who takes over in January should announce that the 114th Congress will not confirm a single nominee—executive or judicial—outside of vital national security positions, so long as the illegal amnesty persists"
Congressional leaders have indicated they are averse to a shutdown, and incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has explicitly promising to avoid one.
“Let me make it clear: There will be no government shutdowns and no default on the national debt,” McConnell said on Nov. 5, the day after Republicans won control of the upper chamber.
The White House has also dismissed the possibility of a shutdown over the immigration action but has said the responsibility for avoiding such an action rests with Congress.
"I don't anticipate, based on the comments by Sen. McConnell and others, that there will be a government shutdown as a result of this," White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said during Wednesday's press briefing.
 

Nancy Pelosi lost a major proxy battle todayBy Chris Cillizza November 19 Follow @thefix
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), joined by Rep. Steve Israel (D-N.Y.), holds a news conference to announce her Democratic leadership team. (J. Scott Applewhite/AP)
On Tuesday, Nancy Pelosi was "unanimously" (there was no actual vote) reelected as the leader of House Democrats . On Wednesday, she lost a proxy fight that reveals the level of discontent that exists toward her within the caucus she was elected to lead.
At issue was the ranking minority member slot — yes, weirdly, this matters a lot — on the House Energy and Commerce Committee. The job was open due to the retirement of California Rep. Henry Waxman. Pelosi's preferred candidate to succeed Waxman was fellow California Rep. Anna Eshoo (D), but New Jersey Rep. Frank Pallone was more senior than Eshoo and wanted the job.   He won  — 100 to 90 — in what veteran congressional observers cast as a major setback for the minority leader and a sign of cracks in her legendarily unified front.
Here's why. Pelosi threw the weight of her organization inside the House behind Eshoo. (Eshoo doesn't even have a chief of staff based full time in Washington.) Pelosi functioned as the campaign manager of Eshoo's bid, publicly and privately. "It’s about the future," Pelosi told The Post earlier this week about her support for Eshoo. "And secondly, it’s about California, too." Earlier in the fall, Pelosi sent a letter to her colleagues that claimed Eshoo had 105 solid commitments , more than enough to win.
And yet, Eshoo still lost — a rebuke to Pelosi that would have seemed unimaginable just a few years ago. (No matter what you think of Pelosi, it's hard to argue that her ability to keep her people in line has been absolutely remarkable.) The rebuke came less than 24 hours after comedian Jon Stewart blasted Pelosi and insisted it was time for her to step aside , and amid continued grumbling from some within the House Democratic caucus about her decision to stay put despite the party's losses in the midterm elections.
The Energy and Commerce vote was a private one and, therefore, there is no actual vote to scan through in hopes of understanding who rebelled against Pelosi and why. Here's what we do know.  As WaPo's Karen Tumulty noted, Pallone's support included a  large bloc of Congressional Black Caucus members who are big believers in the seniority system .  House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (Md.), a longtime rival to Pelosi, was for Pallone, as were a number of recently elected members who sit in swing districts, which Pelosi does not. (President Obama won Pelosi's district with 84 percent in 2012.)
To be clear: Standing up to Pelosi on a proxy vote for ranking member on Energy and Commerce isn't the same thing as saying it's time for her to go or challenging her hold on the top spot.  Not one of the 100 members who voted against her Wednesday were willing to stand up to her re-ascension to the top job 24 hours earlier. (Florida Rep.-elect  Gwen Graham insisted that she hadn't actually supported Pelosi, but whatever .) And, some of those who voted against Pelosi's choice — the CBC in particular — did so less out of animosity toward her and more out of an adherence to other principles.
But  the group that may hold the keys to the caucus's future — composed primarily of the members elected in the last few election cycles — is young and ambitious, and not necessarily willing to watch as Pelosi dictates her will to the caucus nor wait until she decides it's time to leave to make some noise about the way she runs things. People like Reps. Joaquin Castro (Tex.), Cheri Bustos (Ill.), Patrick Murphy (Fla.) and Tulsi Gabbard (Hawaii) are considered part of that group by longtime congressional watchers.
What's fascinating about that group is that their approach stands in direct contrast to the longtime Pelosi heirs-in-waiting, who have born her decisions to come back time and again as the top Democrat in silence. That group includes people like Reps. Xavier Becerra (Calif.) and Chris Van Hollen (Md.), both of whom are part of a small group of Democratic members seen as having the policy and political chops to fill the void once Pelosi leaves.
The 114th Congress will convene with Democrats at their lowest ebb — in terms of raw number of seats held — since World War II. It's in moments like that where tiny cracks turn into gaping chasms as ambition and ego pour out. Watch to see whether Pelosi — as she has done so many times before — can keep the warring factions at bay for just a little longer.
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix,” a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House.

Historic results mark banner year for SEC whistleblower programBy Josh Hicks November 19 Follow @reporter_hicks
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission experienced a banner year with its whistleblower program in fiscal 2014, awarding more tipsters than all previous years combined and issuing a record-setting $30 million to one individual who reported fraud.
The SEC said in a  report to Congress this week  that it authorized a total of nine monetary awards this year to people who provided original information about violations of federal securities laws. The agency had previously handed out a combined four awards since the program began in 2011.
Historic results and enforcement actions marked a banner year for the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s whistleblower program. (Jonathan Ernst/Reuters)
The commission said it also brought its first-ever enforcement action for retaliation this year, ordering Paradigm Capital Management to pay $2.2 million for allegedly punishing the firm’s head trader after he reported prohibited transactions.
Additionally, the SEC said it filed legal briefs in several private retaliation cases pending in federal courts.
The agency’s whistleblower protection program allows the commission to pay for leads that result in successful enforcement actions that bring in at least $1 million. The awards range between 10 percent and 30 percent of the funds collected through a case, with the SEC basing the amounts on the significance of information and the level of assistance from each individual.
In some instances, the commission has divided the awards between several whistleblowers. For example, three employees who reported a violation last year received 15 percent, 10 percent and 5 percent of the sanctions that the government collected through its case.
Congress established a special fund to ensure that whistleblower payments do not diminish the amount of recovery for the victims of securities-law violations. This year, the fund included $439 million, but only $2 million went out to informants, because most of them could be paid from sanction revenue without affecting victims.
The record-setting $30 million award this year went to an informant from a foreign country. It was the fourth time the SEC has made such a payment to a whistleblower from outside the United States.
“We hope that awards like this one will incentivize the company and industry insiders, or others who may have knowledge of possible federal securities law violations, both in the U.S. and abroad, to come forward and report their information promptly to the commission,” the SEC said in its report.
In a separate case this year, the commission awarded more than $400,000 to a whistleblower who reported fraud after the company failed to address the issue internally. The SEC said the outcome drove home an “important message” that firms must act upon credible allegations of potential wrongdoing from employees.
The commission said it received 3,620 whistleblower tips in 2014, representing an increase of 20 percent compared to the previous year. The SEC does not release the names of individuals who provide information about potential violations.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

Touching a nerve regarding Rep. Steve KingBy Jennifer Rubin November 19 Follow @JRubinBlogger
My posting earlier today on Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) hosting an event for prospective 2016 candidates drew response from his office and from Sergio Gor, communications director for Sen. Rand Paul’s political operation.
Rand Paul (R-Ky.) speaks at an event hosted by the Iowa GOP Des Moines Victory Office on Aug. 6 in Urbandale, Iowa. (Scott Olson/Getty Images)
An King aide called irate, saying it was a “lie” and that I must remove a statement “calling Rep. King anti-immigrant.” Rep. King’s staff needs to read more closely. The post stated, “King’s  infamous  comments are indicative of a tiny segment of the GOP that is not only  anti-illegal immigration but anti-immigrant.” (Emphasis added.) Goodness knows what is in his heart, but Rep. King’s comments can be judged on their own and do unfortunately serve the purpose of those who are hostile to immigration.
Meanwhile, Gor e-mails: “Senator Rand Paul considers Congressman Steve King a friend and a strong voice in Congress for the people of Iowa. Senator Paul regrets he’s unable to join Congressman King and Citizens United due to a scheduling conflict, any insinuations otherwise are completely false. Senator Paul has appeared at both Citizens United events and Congressman King’s events in the past, and we are confident there will be plenty of future opportunities for us to work together.” But of course, the post specifically noted that no reason was given for Paul’s non-attendance. Gor’s additional context, however, raises further questions.
I asked him whether the language employed by Rep. King works contrary to Paul’s outreach efforts to help the party be viewed inclusively; how Hispanics would view Paul if one day he talks to a Hispanic gathering and then appears with King; and what the scheduling conflict was. He repeatedly refused to answer these inquiries, which would be routine on a presidential campaign trail.
All of this should be a reminder to two pols (Mike Huckabee and Sen. Ted Cruz) and any others attending King’s gathering or otherwise considering a 2016 run. When you bolster someone who uses inflammatory and offensive language, it is hard to separate yourself from the speaker. The speaker’s language, especially if part of a pattern, will probably be associated with you in Democratic ads. If the Republican Party wants to be more welcoming, the message of inclusiveness must be consistent. When outrageous statements are issued, they should be repudiated. Finally, fairly or not, voters will judge you by the company you keep and the friends you embrace. A presidential election can be grueling, but contenders must remember that everything they say and do may have ramifications.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Buffalo area gets an astonishing 5 feet of snow  braces for next waveLake-effect snow hits Buffalo area
View Photos
As of Thursday morning, more than five feet of snow had accumulated in Erie County, N.Y.
Caption
As of Thursday morning, more than five feet of snow had accumulated in Erie County, N.Y.
Nov. 20, 2014 Trucks sit stranded on a closed New York state thruway in the town of Cheektowaga near Buffalo. Lindsay DeDario/Reuters
Wait 1 second to continue.
Original post:
An astonishing amount of snow has fallen in the Buffalo, N.Y., area since Tuesday morning, and the lake effect is expected to continue through Friday.
As of Wednesday morning, up to 65 inches — more than five feet — of snow had accumulated in Erie County, N.Y. The city of Cheektowaga, N.Y., came out of Tuesday with 65 inches of snow on the ground. Lancaster, N.Y., racked up 63 inches. West Seneca, N.Y., accumulated up to 57 inches, while Elma, N.Y., saw 51 inches. Widespread totals over 40 inches run across Erie and Genessee counties.
Snowfall rates climbed to around four inches per hour on Tuesday afternoon. “Heavy snow,” by definition, is only six inches accumulated in 24 hours.
Related: Buffalo storm turns deadly as snow keeps falling 
What is so interesting about intense lake effect snow events is the strong gradient of snow. On Tuesday afternoon, one side of Cheektowaga, N.Y., had accumulated 51 inches of snow, while just on the other side of town, only two inches had been measured. A mere 10 minute drive north into the city of Buffalo itself, the sun was peeking through the clouds, as spectators watched the wall of snow engulf their neighbors to the south.
This video shows a time lapse of the snowstorm sweeping through Buffalo from Lake Erie on Nov. 18. (Joseph DeBenedicti and Jason Holler via YouTube)
Since Tuesday night, a shift in upper-level winds pushed the main band of snow coming off Lake Erie to the north of Buffalo. Though it’s not snowing as hard as it was on Tuesday afternoon, areas north of Buffalo are still seeing snowfall rates of up to two inches per hour on Wednesday morning.
The current lake effect snow band will gradually fade on Wednesday, before yet another event flares up on Thursday morning, when “over-lake instability will once again become extreme,” writes the National Weather Service in Buffalo, N.Y. They warn that the areas already hit hardest this week will likely once again be victim to the lake effect vise on Thursday and Friday.
A lake effect snow warning is in effect from 11 p.m. Wednesday night through early Friday afternoon, for additional snowfall totals of one to two feet. However, the Weather Service warns that final totals could exceed an additional three feet, given the extreme meteorological circumstances of the next wave of snow.
Depending on where the heaviest bands set up, this means some locations south of Buffalo could be looking at week-long totals of seven to nine feet. The largest snow event on record in Buffalo was 81.6 inches in 2001 — about seven feet — which accumulated over the course of five days. While snowfall records are not kept for locations other than Buffalo itself, seven feet is still a good indicator of a historic snow event in the region.
Massive mounds of snow are piling up in western New York. More than four feet of snow fell in parts of Buffalo on Tuesday, while a second storm is expected Thursday. Temperatures dropped below freezing from coast to coast. (AP)
 

More than 300 kinds of spiders pretend to be antsBy Rachel Feltman November 19 Follow @rachelfeltman
Apparently no one has told spiders that they're terrifying, because at least 300 species of the arachnids have evolved to mimic ants instead, according to a recent article at The Conversation .
Ant mimicry, or myrmecomorphy, is actually a very smart tactic for some spiders -- especially if they want to eat ants, or have to avoid being eaten themselves. Over time, these species have developed bodies that mimic an ant's three segments. Sometimes they even wave their front legs around to mimic antennae.
Defensive mimicry is the most common kind. Spiders that look like ants are less likely to be attacked by larger spiders, because ants are generally pretty aggressive prey -- and don't taste very good to their eight-legged attackers, anyway.  In 2013, a PLOS ONE study found that a species of jumping spider that mimics ant appearance was less likely to be preyed upon by wasps than species that didn't mimic ants.
Predators who mimic their prey are less common, but the adaptation is delightfully devious: Because ants are aggressive and social, spiders want to do everything they can to catch them on their own. If not, they might succeed in killing their prey only to be attacked by the rest of its colony. From The Conversation:
Aggressive crab spiders typically jump on a lone unsuspecting ant and bite it. Then, in order to avoid encounters with other ants, the spider and its victim fall away on a safety line made of the spider’s silk while the venom takes effect. Others, like the ant-mimicking ground spider,  use the body of their dead prey as a shield , holding it up between themselves and any other challenging ants. This tricks attacking ants into believing that the spider is just another ant, carrying a dead nest-mate away from their nest.
Mimicry isn't exclusive to ant poseurs, of course. Lots of insects have actually evolved to mimic plants as a form of camouflage , and sometimes plants even evolve to mimic insects . When it comes to avoiding predators and reproducing, just being yourself isn't always an option.
 

ZZ Tops Billy Gibbons calls Capitol gig honoring Vaclav Havel unexpectedBy Emily Heil November 19 Follow @emilyaheil
ZZ Top guitarist Billy Gibbons, House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) and House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) honored former Czech president Vaclav Havel at a bust dedication ceremony on Capitol Hill Wednesday. (The Washington Post)
Things that seemed at home in the Capitol building’s Statuary Hall during Wednesday’s unveiling of Czech president Vaclav Havel’s bust: marble, bronze and a confab of world leaders. Things out of place: a sequin-clad rocker and the twang of guitar music.
A tenuous connection – Havel loved American music, including rock and blues — put Billy Gibbons, the frontman of legendary rock band ZZ Top, at the otherwise formal ceremony. Gibbons, in a sparkling jacket and signature chest-length beard, even seemed a bit perplexed, calling the invitation to perform at the event “unusual and unexpected but splendid.”
The performance was surprisingly brief, with Gibbons tossing out a few lines of “Baby Please Don’t Go,” which he altered in Havel’s honor to “please don’t leave the Czech Republic” (mm, okay). Later in the program, he played a bar or two of the ZZ Top hit “I Thank You,” the lyrics of which he also tailored for the occasion. After less than 30 seconds, he was done, finishing with a flourish of guitar and an “oh, yeah!”
But perhaps that was all the rock-and-rolling that the audience, which included Havel’s widow, Dagmar Havlova, Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka, House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio), House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), former secretary of state Madeleine Albright, and MSNBC hosts Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski, could handle.
The bust will reside in the Capitol, per a bill Congress adopted earlier this year calling for a sculpture honoring the Czech leader.
The randomness wasn’t lost on the audience. Before the ceremony, we spotted Rep. Joe Crowley hanging around the periphery of the dais, scanning the crowd. We assumed that the New York Democrat, an avid guitar player himself, was looking for Gibbons. Turns out, he was actually a Havel groupie, recalling one time he’d met the leader on an international flight.
“I mean, ZZ Top is iconic, too — and kind of a new one for this place,” he said, motioning around the ornate room. “I mean, opera I could see that. Even folk music. This will be interesting.”
 

Mary Eileen Williams(1) Comments | Posted September  3, 2014 | 7:16 AM
Could studying the job postings really help you land a new position?
Most savvy job-seekers would reply to the negative. They are well aware that networking is the most effective method to finding work. In fact, job search articles claim that anywhere from 75 to 90 percent of positions...
Job Search 50: 5 Factors That Will Determine Your Career Satisfaction
(0) Comments | Posted August 15, 2014 | 6:49 AM
As the old saying goes: if you aren't clear about what you want, how can you possibly know when you've got it? Nothing could represent that tried and true statement more than a job search. People typically spend more time planning their vacations, deciding on which car to buy, or...
3 Simple Practices That Will Help Make You Job Candidate #1
(0) Comments | Posted July 26, 2014 | 8:10 AM
How would you like to be viewed as the #1 Candidate for the job? Think it's impossible once you've hit fifty or older? Think again! Although it's true that older job-seekers face special challenges in today's market, you might be surprised to learn that some of the best ways to...
Avoid These 3 Basic Interview Question Pitfalls
(6) Comments | Posted July  3, 2014 | 8:19 AM
You have been called in for a job interview and want to be at your best. Naturally, you have studied the position description and have created several examples highlighting ways you've made a positive impact using the skills required in the posting. You have also prepared focused responses that feature...
What Employers Want: Ask Yourself 3 Key Questions That Will Turn Your Resume Into A Winner!
(2) Comments | Posted June 10, 2014 | 7:45 AM
As a mature job-seeker, you are well aware that your resume has to be top notch. Not only does it need to make a dynamic first impression, it must also distinguish you from the competition and present your skills and experience in such a way that you are viewed as...
Job Search 50: What's Really Behind Your Interviewer's Questions?
(1) Comments | Posted May 18, 2014 | 8:11 AM
This is it! You've been called in for an interview with the hiring manager and you want to do your very best. Like many other aspects in life, the key to success is preparation. And one of the best ways to prepare is to thoroughly understand the hiring manager's true...
8 Ingredients For Job Search Success
(0) Comments | Posted April 23, 2014 | 8:56 AM
Anyone conducting a job search today knows that you'll need to be as visible as possible -- both through your personal network and your online presence. Close to 100 percent of employers and recruiters are now turning to sites liked LinkedIn and Facebook to source candidates, check out their skills,...
Want A Job? Learn How To Work The Room!
(0) Comments | Posted March 24, 2014 | 8:27 AM
Despite dramatic changes in job searching due to today's technology, one thing remains the same: people get people jobs! Studies remain fairly consistent showing that a minimum of 75 percent of positions is obtained by way of personal referral. Moreover, this percentage grows even greater for older workers, for those...
5 Amazing Ways to Brand Yourself For Job Success
(2) Comments | Posted February 25, 2014 | 6:01 AM
There is no way around it: To land a job today, you have to consider yourself a product to be sold in the marketplace. Successful products require successful branding. There are 5 power-packed branding techniques that, used correctly, are certain to distinguish you as the product of choice.
So...
Your Surprising Key To Interview Success!
(7) Comments | Posted January 28, 2014 | 6:42 AM
Savvy job-seekers know that there are several ways to prepare for the job interview. Applicants must thoroughly research the company, understand the competition, and be knowledgeable as to the current conditions of the industry/field. They also need to develop a keen awareness of the challenges faced by the hiring manager...
Land Your Next Job Now! 3 Winning Resolutions to Position Yourself for Success
(0) Comments | Posted December 30, 2013 | 10:08 AM
This is the time for making New Year's resolutions... and, if you're looking for work, there's no better time to maximize your efforts than now!
The months of January and February represent the strongest hiring period of the year. New projects, initiatives and budgets are put into place. Organizations need...
5 Reasons The Holidays Are The BEST Time To Look For Work!
(0) Comments | Posted December 11, 2013 | 8:09 AM
Job-seekers over 50 are savvy to the ways of the world... but this might come as a surprise. Believe it or not the holidays are, without question, the best time of year to look for work!
At first glance this statement might seem crazy. After all, companies don't do much...
3 Powerful Keys For Moving Your Search Forward!
(0) Comments | Posted November 22, 2013 | 6:43 AM
Want to find work fast? Even more, do you want to land a position that pays well and you will actually enjoy?
You're likely thinking that achieving the above is next to impossible. After all, older job-seekers hear more than their share of discouraging news. The media is filled...
Younger Job Interviewer? Blast Away Their Age-Related Objections!
(11) Comments | Posted November  1, 2013 | 7:51 AM
If you're a job-seeker in your 50s or 60s, you're already well aware that you face a number of age-related roadblocks to landing your next position. One of the biggest is successfully navigating the interview with a younger hiring manager. Assumptions on both sides of the generation gap can cause...
Post-50 Job Search: 3 Keys To A Standout Resume
(19) Comments | Posted October 18, 2013 | 7:22 AM
As a post-50 job-seeker, your best bet to land an interview -- and ultimately the job -- is through people you know, i.e. networking. Nevertheless, your resume still needs to be top-notch; your contacts will generally recommend you by providing perspective employers with a copy of this vital document. How...

http://twitter.com/Chris...
Scary New Asteroid Map Shows Space Rocks Hit Us  All The Timereddit
If you're the sort of person who worries about asteroids, a new map from NASA's Near Earth Object Program is unlikely to offer much reassurance. It shows that during the 20-year period from 1994 to 2013, the Earth's atmosphere was hit by small asteroids resulting in fireballs (bolides) on at least 556 separate occasions--or essentially "all the time," the agency said in a written statement released in conjunction with the map.
(Story continues below map.)
Most of the asteroids that came our way burned up harmlessly before hitting the ground--evidence that the atmosphere "does a great job of protecting Earth from small asteroids," program executive Lindley Johnson said in the statement. The notable exception was the so-called Chelyabinsk meteor event, in which an asteroid measuring 17 to 20 meters in diameter exploded over the Russian city of Chelyabinsk on Feb. 15, 2013.
The Chelyabinsk meteor blew out windows and injured more than 1,000 people. But that event would pale in comparison to the devastation an even bigger asteroid strike could bring.
Just how worried should we be?
"Asteroid impacts are an extremely unlikely event, but a large one can have potentially bad consequences," Dr. Amy Mainzer, principal investigator for NASA's NEOWISE space telescope program and an expert on asteroids, told The Huffington Post in an email. "That means we shouldn't panic, but we shouldn't ignore it either. A sensible approach is to simply go out and find any potential impactors, which is what we are working on.  With surveys, we can answer the question of whether there is an object large enough to cause a lot of damage out there with our names on it."
Surveys have found more than 90 percent of all near-Earth asteroids larger than 1 kilometer in diameter, Mainzer said. But only a few percent of the total number of asteroids large enough to get through the atmosphere have been discovered.
"Clearly, there is more to be done, but we are working on it," she said, adding that her team was working on a proposal for a new space telescope called NEOCam that would "significantly expand" NASA's ability to detect potentially dangerous asteroids.
About once every 5,000 years, on average, a football field-sized object hits the Earth and causes significant damage, according to NASA. Once every few million years, on average, an object large enough to cause regional or global disaster hits our planet.
Arizona's Meteor Crater is believed to have formed about 50,000 years ago when a 50-meter asteroid smashed into the ground near what is now the city of Winslow. And the so-called Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction event that killed off the dinosaurs 65 million years ago is believed to have been triggered at least in part by the impact of a 10-kilometer asteroid in what is now the Yucatan peninsula.
Related on HuffPost:

New app aims to guide you through the college-application process0
Dan Obregon, vice president of product management and marketing at Naviance parent Hobsons, said the Naviance platform focuses on helping students form long-term goals for college and beyond and that it includes tools to keep students and parents organized during the process.
Naviance works directly with high schools, which pay for its platform and often require students to use it, said Mike O’Connor, a guidance counselor at New Trier High School in Winnetka.
He said he isn’t sure game-style rewards for students applying to college sends the right message. He said the most important thing is finding the right fit.
“The right college is a match to be made, not a prize to be won,” he said.
But Shiffman said NextTier isn’t designed to replace sites such as Naviance but to step in once students have determined their colleges and get them through the process.
NextTier comes preloaded with data on more than 3,500 schools. Once a student selects one, the platform tracks various task they must do to complete the application.
“Students get a badge for completing an essay, for example,” Shiffman said. “They get a badge for cleaning up their social media.”
NextTier’s platform is free, but Shiffman said the company is considering revenue options. Among them are partnerships with educational institutions, which might use it to recruit applicants, and sponsorships that might offer real rewards to badge winners. He said a third option is to charge participating high schools for the service.
Shiffman said the company closed a $1.2 million Series A funding round earlier this year, but he would not name the investors.

Will Female Leaders Make a Better Worldreddit
We're facing a paradigm shift in the corporate world these days and in order to meet the changes ahead things need to be done differently. And it all starts with the leaders.
Girls, you know there are moments in time when you should raise your hand. The requirements for being a good leader these days are a perfect fit for abilities many women carry by nature. So come on - step up and claim your spot. The corporate world needs you.
This year it is 100 years since Bertha von Suttner died. She was the first woman receiving the Nobel Peace Price. Remarkable, yes, but few knows that there would probably not be a Nobel Peace Price without her.
Bertha von Suttner met the Swedish scientist Alfred Nobel when she started working for him in Paris in 1875. The status as his employee did not last for long, after only a short time Bertha returned to Austria to rejoin with the love of her life. But this was the beginning of a life long relationship between Bertha von Suttner and Alfred Nobel. Bertha von Suttner's relentless anti-war engagement and the friendship with Alfred Nobel resulted in a focus on peace that carry on until today and hopefully will continue doing so far into the future.
We had the good fortune of being invited to commemorate Bertha Von Suttner in the Nobel Institute in Oslo last week. One of the speakers, philosopher and lawyer Hope Elizabeth May , talked about how the red thread are nesting it all together when it comes to Suttner and other women's role as leaders in the ongoing and necessary peace work. And this is true, not only in peace work, but also as leaders in the corporate world. Because good leadership is what changes the world.
In his speech at the Nobel Institute former Norwegian Prime Minister, Kjell Magne Bondevik, said "If there were more female leaders in the world, there would be more peace." This is probably true because they often represent and use a different approach to life and leadership than what male leaders do.
It is a well-known assumption that if there had been more female leaders in Iceland, their financial collapse of 2008 would never have happened. And it is a fact that they had their impact when re-building the system in record time after the financial meltdown.
This is in line with our own observations working with executive teams. We are aware this is a topic that can be discussed endlessly, but here's why we think that the female way of behaving are more in line with the future of leadership.
Most women are quite empathetic. This makes them emotionally intelligent by instinct. To succeed as a leader in the future there are many things we need to master, but the most important is to engage people. Building emotionally intelligent teams and organizations will be imperative in order to engage people and ensure that we both do the right thing, and do it in the right way. If people are not engaged at work, how are we then going to build the necessary momentum and energy to move forward?
Women have from early times developed an intuitive way of simplifying and doing things easier. Smart leadership is about understanding some basic principles for processes. By breaking down what we do when we work or collaborate with others into repeatable and recognizable methods and processes, it is possible for everyone to move faster and achieve better results. Without spending more energy. It's about working smarter, not harder.
We've met hundreds of leaders who don't realize that leadership is something they need to constantly develop through adapting new methods and skills in order not to become obsolete. However, in general women have less resistance for learning. This is important, because to keep on learning is an imminent part of evolving into a modern leader for the future. We've even talked to many leaders whom at the age of 35 bluntly claim they are fully developed as leaders. And they were all male (sorry for that, guys).
If you're a man reading this, and jumping in your chair right now, you should know this: Of course, we do not mean that it is ONLY women who fit the requirements for becoming leaders for the future. The world is more complex than that. There are male leaders who operate more in line with female-inspired leadership than many female leaders do. There are female leaders who have a more patriarchal leadership style than any male leader we've ever met.
In the end this will hopefully not be a gender issue at all, it will be an issue about which leadership style the world needs to ensure that people, companies, and the world thrive. It is for sure not the general leadership style we see today.
This blog post is also published in the blog LeadershipCourageFun . It is written by Kristine Maudal and Even Fossen, founders of Brainwells and creators of the online leadership program FutureLeadershipNow . We have a common passion for making the corporate world a better place by working with executives and executive teams. Daily we experience magic moments when people exceed their own expectations due to new insights and skills. With love and care we'll share this magic with you. Thank you for being here.
All photos © Brainwells
Follow Kristine Maudal & Even Fossen (Brainwells) on Twitter: www.twitter.com/brainwells
More:

10 Effective Tips For Frustrated Midlifers Seeking A Jobreddit
Today's job search is a difficult process. If you're currently out there looking for work, you know the roadblocks, frustrations and daily grind involved in finding a new position. Plus, if you're over 50, you have additional hurdles to overcome. Age bias is real and all too prevalent in the job market. Nevertheless...
There are certain things you can do to make the process easier and far more effective. So take a moment to step back, reassess your strategies and review the 10 Rules for a Successful Job Search:
#1. Heed your #1 success factor: your attitude.
The mind-set you present to others (and to yourself) regarding your viability as a candidate underscores every aspect of your job search. If you are negative, angry or insecure, it will show. Moreover, these attitudes are off-putting to both your networking partners and to potential employers. Make certain, therefore, you are pursuing activities that will elevate your spirits: regular physical activity, volunteering, meeting frequently with friends and joining job search groups where you exchange leads and ideas. These are all important ways you can keep your outlook positive.
#2. Clarify your core message.
Determine what you want people to take away from meeting you and learn to articulate your skill sets, strengths and added value with confidence. Make certain you present a unified brand in your speech as well as in each of your written marketing materials-- branding that highlights both your abilities and distinguishes you from the competition. Think: What makes me an especially strong candidate? Which experiences and skills do I possess that others do not? How can I bring added value to the position?
#3. Pay special attention to your appearance.
Like it or not, your wardrobe and overall attractiveness play a major role in whether or not you will be hired. This is especially true for jobseekers of maturity because popular stereotypes hold them as being outdated and stuck in the past. Your clothing, therefore, needs to be current (but not trendy or trying too hard to look young), clean and relatively conservative. You want to look like you will represent potential employers in the style they would wish--so dress for the job but take it up a notch.
#4. Market yourself in strong, contemporary terms.
Make certain that any of your written marketing materials (resumes, online profiles and personal websites) are packed with key skills that are currently in demand. Use the online postings as a primary research tool and identify the skill sets most requested. If you possess these skills, be sure you cite them frequently. Also, be certain to incorporate industry buzzwords that will show you are up-to-date, knowledgeable and proficient in your field.
#5. Speak to your strengths in a comprehensive manner. As you brand yourself in your written materials, when networking or at a job interview, make sure you are including each of the three types of skills:
Your work specific, knowledge-based skills (technical skills)
Your broad-based, transferable skills (ability to prioritize, organize, etc.)
Your personal traits and strengths (rapport building skills, innovative thinking, attention to detail, contributing team player, etc.)
#6. Be conscious of your nonverbal messages.
Approximately 55 percent of the first impression you present to others is formed by the nonverbal messages you project. Pay special attention to things like your eye contact, posture, handshake, facial expressions and personal mannerisms. As a mature jobseeker especially, you will need to exhibit energy, confidence and enthusiasm. And these factors are best displayed through your nonverbal messages.
#7. Make good use of your time.
Studies show that a minimum of 75% of jobs is obtained through personal referral. This percentage grows even higher for older candidates because, due to the age bias in hiring, mature applicants are less able to compete successfully on their resumes alone. Therefore you will want to spend about 30 hours a week interacting with others. Use your personal friends and colleagues, LinkedIn and other social networking sites to build up your network of contacts--thereby increasing your base of potential referrals.
#8. Ensure that your written materials are eye-catching and pleasing to read.
Recruiters, HR reps and others who source candidates for available positions will spend about 30-seconds determining if your resume/LinkedIn profile is worth their time. This means that you will want to highlight key skills with bullet points and use plenty of white space to draw the reviewers' eye. Paragraphs (even relatively short ones) will bury your important selling points within dense blocks of text.
#9. Identify and prioritize what you want and need from your next position.
Make a list for yourself so that you get very clear on your top five values. Do you require a sense of autonomy and independence in your job? Is it important that you have a certain amount of prestige and decision-making responsibility? Do you need frequent interaction with others so that you contribute to a mutual goal?
In addition to your values, get clear on the practical aspects of work: commute time, salary, benefits and various other realities. Then, when an offer comes up, refer to your list of wants and needs so that you can make an educated choice to accept it or not.
#10. Remain organized.
A job search can quickly get out of hand unless you create some type of system to remain organized and on top of things. You will need to keep track of networking commitments, resumes you've sent out, incoming correspondence from your targeted companies and a vast array of additional data. Creating daily and weekly goals can help. So can designing a personal spreadsheet to monitor your progress. Another great way to manage your search is by using the popular online site, Jibberjobber.com .
If you address and follow each of these 10 Rules, your job search should become far more efficient and effective. The very fact that you are making real progress, moreover, will build your sense of confidence and self-worth. And, best of all, you can expect a positive outcome. Even in today's competitive atmosphere: it's awfully hard to beat an upbeat candidate who combines confidence with cutting-edge skills and the proven track record of a mature applicant!
Mary Eileen Williams is a Nationally Board Certified Career Counselor with a Master's Degree in Career Development and twenty years' experience assisting midlife jobseekers to achieve satisfying careers. Her book, Land the Job You Love: 10 Surefire Strategies for Jobseekers Over 50 , is a step-by-step guide that shows you how you can turn your age into an advantage and brand yourself for success. Updated in 2014, it's packed with even more critical information aimed at providing mature applicants with the tools they need to gain the edge over the competition and successfully navigate the modern job market. Visit her website at Feisty Side of Fifty.com and celebrate your sassy side!
Earlier on Huff/Post50:

Terrifying Testudo mascot returns in Maryland basketball hype videoBy Scott Allen November 19 Follow @ScottSAllen
(Via Maryland Athletics)
He’s baaaaaaaack. Muscular Testudo, that is. The last time we saw this nightmare fuel of a mascot in a Maryland hype video, he was sporting cleats and state pride receiver gloves on a computer-generated football field.
(Via Maryland Athletics)
It turns out Testudo can hoop a little bit, too. (The shooting sleeve is a nice touch.) The intro video, which is set to the White Stripes’ “Seven Nation Army,” will debut before Thursday’s game against Fordham. You can watch the entire thing below, but I wouldn’t recommend it just before bedtime.
(Via Maryland Athletics)
(Via Maryland Athletics)
(Via Maryland Athletics)
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

Obamas order wont extend Obamacare to undocumented immigrantsBy Jason Millman and Juliet Eilperin November 19 Follow @jasonmillman Follow @eilperin
Patients wait in line at Nuestra Clinica Del Valle in San Juan, Texas. (AP Photo/Eric Gay, File)
President Obama's impending executive action on immigration apparently won't bestow health care benefits on millions of undocumented immigrants, according to an individual familiar with the decision.
That means the millions who will be protected from deportation won't be eligible to purchase subsidized coverage from the public health insurance marketplaces established under the Affordable Care Act.
The decision will disappoint advocacy groups, but it doesn't come as a total surprise. The Obama administration passed on a similar opportunity two years ago to extend health-care eligibility to so-called "dreamers," illegal immigrants who entered the United States as children. In September, the Obama administration said it  cut off ACA marketplace coverage  to about 115,000 immigrants who failed to provide proof of their citizenship or immigration status. And many Hispanics, who have the highest uninsured rates of any group,  are hesitant  to sign up for Obamacare coverage for fear of an undocumented relative being deported as a result.
Extending government health care to undocumented immigrants has been a lightning rod in the Obamacare debate since it was drafted in Congress. Rep. Joe Wilson's (R-S.C.) infamous "You lie" moment was in direct response to President Obama's assertion that his health-care plan wouldn't insure illegal immigrants.
The truth is that the government already funds some care for undocumented immigrants and has been for years before the ACA. It's through a program that's known as "emergency Medicaid," which pays hospitals to provide emergency and maternity care to immigrants who'd 1) otherwise be Medicaid eligible if they weren't in the country illegally or 2) are legally present in this country but haven't been here for at least five years. As my colleague Sandhya Somashekhar reported last year, the federal government paid out $1.3 billion for this program in 2011, and states paid out hundreds of millions more from their own budgets. That program will grow in the states that have expanded their Medicaid programs under the ACA.
Previous estimates from the Congressional Budget Office found that between 7 million and 8 million undocumented immigrants will remain uninsured under the ACA. They still have limited options for insurance: They can buy coverage through an employer if it's offered, they can purchase directly from an insurer (but not receive federal subsidies), or receive care from Federally Qualified Health Centers. Some states do extend benefits to undocumented immigrants, but they still face greater barriers to care.
However much Obama's executive order may change the lives of these immigrants overnight, their health care will remain the same for most — as if the ACA never happened.
Jason Millman covers all things health policy, with a focus on Obamacare implementation. He previously covered health policy for Politico.
Juliet Eilperin is a White House correspondent for The Washington Post, covering domestic and foreign policy as well as the culture of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. She is the author of two books—one on sharks, and another on Congress, not to be confused with each other—and has worked for the Post since 1998.

Scientists substitute mice for humans  but new research shows just how similar we areNew analysis reveals just how different we are. (AP Photo/Joel Page)
New research aims to figure out just how much we have in common with mice -- genetically speaking.
When it comes to research about mammals, mice are the ultimate model. They're cheap to breed and keep in the lab  and don't have the same handling difficulties -- and ethical concerns -- as non-human primates such as chimps. But just how much can a study that uses mice say about how the human body works?
A whole host of papers published Wednesday in Nature (as well as several other journals) show just how much we still have to learn about our favorite lab subjects.
In general, the researchers found, the systems that control gene activity are largely the same between mice and men. But the places where genes differ may help scientists explain the limitations of some studies that use mice.
Wednesday's studies come from a research effort called Mouse ENCODE, an offshoot of the Encyclopedia of DNA Elements (ENCODE) which began in 2003. ENCODE catalogs elements of the human genome that guide cell function.
Mouse ENCODE looked at over 100 mouse cell types and tissues, comparing them to their corresponding elements in humans.
"They're great model organisms, don't get me wrong, but there are definitely profound differences," said Michael Snyder, chair of genetics at Stanford, who co-authored the main paper. "At the end of the day, a mouse is a mouse and a human is a human, and pinning down where those differences occur is important."
He and his colleagues were surprised to find that certain mouse tissues had more in common with each other than with their human analogies, for example.
"So a mouse liver is a lot more similar to a mouse kidney, in terms of gene expression, than a human liver, and that was a surprise," Snyder said. "In hindsight, this makes a lot of sense."
The genes that are more consistent across mouse tissue than when compared to the corresponding tissues in humans are those involved in metabolism, he said. Since a mouse heart beats 10 times faster than a human's, it's not hard to believe that the two organisms have very different metabolic systems.
Mouse ENCODE's database will be an important tool for researchers hoping to learn about humans by using mice, Snyder said, but there's still a lot to learn.
"If this were an opera, we'd have a few bars of a few pieces. We're not seeing the whole show yet," he said.
But while researchers should be careful not to oversimplify the translation of mouse results to human implications, Snyder emphasized that the rodents were still incredibly important scientific tools.
"We'd know basically nothing about what human genes do if we didn't have these model organisms," he said.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

China chill behind warmth of India-Australia securitypactAbbott’s stated top priority is a free trade policy with India by the end of next year. (Source: Reuters)
Written by P Vaidyanathan Iyer | Melbourne | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:40 am
With China President Xi Jinping still around, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott chose not to talk up a “security cooperation” framework agreement he signed with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Canberra, but its intense agenda clearly points to the strategic choices he has made in the wake of Beijing’s rapidly increasing influence in the Asia Pacific and Indian Ocean region.
The framework binds the two countries to annual summits, including meeting of the two PMs, regular meetings of the defence ministers, regular bilateral maritime exercises, close cooperation in counter-terrorism and international crimes, early operationalisation of the civil nuclear energy  cooperation agreement and Australia’s support for strengthening India’s energy security by supply of uranium for India’s safeguarded nuclear reactors. The Australian Financial Review, a leading daily, described it as “a hedge against China’s growing military power” in its front page main report.
Abbott’s stated top priority is a free trade policy with India by the end of next year, which, he said, needs to be “cranked up” and is something the two “can-do PMs” will achieve, but this comes with a close alignment of the two countries’ economic cooperation agenda with their strategic interests. The ambitious framework of security cooperation has 32 actionable points organised under seven heads: annual summit and foreign policy exchanges and coordination; defence policy planning and coordination; counter-terrorism and other transnational crimes; border protection, coast guard, and customs; disarmament, non-proliferation, civil nuclear energy and maritime security; disaster management and peacekeeping; cooperation in regional and multilateral fora.
In his address to the joint session of Australian Parliament, Modi said the two countries do not have to rely on borrowed architecture of the past, “nor do we have the luxury to choose who we work with and who we don’t.” He said India and Australia can play their part by expanding their security cooperation and deepening their international partnerships in the region.
Australia, according to strategic experts, is forging close ties with India — another big Asian country with which it shares the ethos of democracy, freedom, human rights and the rule of law. With Japan and the US, Abbott’s gameplan is to rope in India to form an axis that stitches together its economic and strategic interests. This has not gone unnoticed by the Opposition as well as the media here.
Bill Shorten, leader of Opposition, told Fairfax, “Our national interests are converging more broadly in the region, and heading that is security.” Melbourne newspaper The Age, which devoted a page to the first visit by an Indian PM in 28 years, said in a report, “This security framework ranks alongside Australia’s deepening ‘quasi-alliance’ with Japan’s rapidly tightening military ties with India, and the strengthening collaboration of all three countries with the United States.”

Pilot slams Raje govt for scrapping direct mayoralpollsThe upcoming polls are also crucial for Raje as the ruling government’s image took a beating after the poor show in the bypolls.
Written by Sweta Dutta | Jaipur | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:39 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 2:40 am
As Rajasthan heads for elections to 46 civic bodies on November 22, the Congress has stepped up its attack on the ruling BJP government. Pradesh Congress Committee chief Sachin Pilot in a direct attack on Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje questioned the reversal of direct mayoral elections introduced by the previous Ashok Gehlot government.
Calling it a breach of the electorate’s right to choose their mayor, Pilot said: “The BJP government did not consult the electorate or the Opposition before bringing about the amendment. I have written to the CM about it, but there has been no response. I now ask Prime Minister Narendra Modi, won’t this move increase corruption in civic bodies in the absence of an anti-defection law. If the BJP does not get a majority in several civic bodies, they will engage in horse-trading and with no anti-defection law in place, we will not be able to do anything about it.”
Responding to the allegations, BJP spokesperson Kailash Nath Bhat said, “We have parliamentary elections and not presidential like the US. Results of the experiment with direct mayoral elections is for everyone to see. None of the municipal boards could function effectively, be it in Jaipur where the mayor was from Congress and the board was dominated by BJP or the vice-versa in Sikar”.
Notably, the state had witnessed direct mayoral elections for the first time in 2009 and Congress mayors were elected from several BJP-dominated municipal corporations. However, the mayors and the municipality boards remained at loggerheads and the civic bodies could not function effectively.
Soon after coming to power, the Raje government effected a change in the Act and went back to indirect mayoral elections through councillors.
The local polls would be a litmus test for Pilot, who has been on a high since the Assembly bypolls in which the party clinched three out of four seats. The upcoming polls are also crucial for Raje as the ruling government’s image took a beating after the poor show in the bypolls.

Cold reception to Mamata at Nehru meet may be lost opportunity forCongPrint
Mamata is reported to be ‘miffed’ over seating arrangement.
Written by Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:37 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 8:12 am
It was an initiative to score political points but the Congress in the just-concluded international conference on Jawaharlal Nehru may have just lost an opportunity to woo West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee.
Mamata reportedly was miffed over the seating arrangements at the conference at Vigyan Bhawan and the reception she got from Congress president Sonia Gandhi despite the fact that she was the only non-Congress chief minister to attend it. Only one Congress Chief Minister — Tarun Gogoi of Assam — attended the event.
While Sonia Gandhi, Manmohan Singh, Anand Sharma, Mukul Wasnik and Mani Shankar Aiyar were seated on the dais along with international guests, Mamata sat with JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav and Sitaram Yechury of the Left.
Sources close to the Trinamool Congress chief said the perfunctory exchange of courtesies with the Congress president left Mamata feeling neglected. She was never invited to the dais to speak nor did Sonia acknowledge her presence — or for that matter any of the other political leaders — in her speech at the conference. Mamata left the venue without having lunch — she drove straight to the residence of veteran BJP leader L K Advani, and despite being in the city on the second day of the conference, chose to gave it a miss.
The conference, she told her aides later, was a lost opportunity in making the political statement against communalism that it could have become had leaders from diverse political parties congregated on the same stage making it a powerful visual of resistance to the right-wing juggernaut. “She had changed her plans to be a part of this conference. She was originally slated to come to Delhi on November 17 to invite the President for the investors’ conference in Kolkata but chose to come a day ahead. There were chances of a meeting with the Congress president separately but the lukewarm reception at the conference has at least for now put an end to all that,” said a Trinamool insider.
Mamata nevertheless has made repeated statements after the conference about the need to put together a political front against communalism and the importance of the Congress as and when such an initiative is undertaken. She had even maintained that she would work with the Left nationally to oppose the BJP despite ideological differences in West Bengal. Those close to her though believe that the bitterness with Congress is a transient phase. As Mamata herself said on Tuesday during an informal interaction with journalists: “In politics there is nothing like an opportunity permanently lost.”

Prabhu for replacing sleepers with chair cars in short-distancetrainsPrint
Suresh Prabhu (Source: AP)
Written by Avishek G Dastidar | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:32 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 9:03 pm
The Railways is working on an idea that, if implemented, would significantly increase the passenger carrying capacity of a few short-distance trains, but at the same time make the overnight travel more like a bus journey.
Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu has suggested the Railway Board to replace non-AC sleeper coaches of busy trains with reserved chair cars, so that more people could be adjusted in overnight journeys of up to 10 hours. Prabhu has also pressed for more double-decker trains in shorter routes.
The Railway Board is currently determining feasibility of the idea. The zonal units have been asked to get back with relevant data so that the Board and the minister could take a formal call.
“In summer and during festive seasons, the Railways faces a lot of flak for the crowd and its inability to carry them,” a note from Prabhu said. “For overnight journeys or journeys for less than 10 hours, the Railways may put chair cars instead of sleeper cars,” it said.
There is justification for the idea too. “As the energy consumption to produce a rail passenger-km is about twice that needed for freight, because passenger trains travel at higher speeds (energy increases exponentially with increasing speed) and because passenger trains tend to be less heavily loaded…Passenger traffic represents only 28.5 per cent of rail output, but somewhat over 44 per cent of rail energy use. So, we may use chair cars in passenger trains and double-deckers in short distance trains,” said the note.
Sources said routes like Delhi-Jammu, Delhi-Lucknow, Delhi-Varanasi or even Delhi-Patna during summer or festive rush would be serviced better if the idea fructifies.
Officials, however, said there are multiple glitches in the idea. A reserved chair car (non-AC) has 108 seats as against 80 seats in modern non-AC sleeper coaches. So, a seating-only coach might carry 28 more passengers, but the ticket cost would also come down.
For instance, a sleeper class ticket from Delhi to Lucknow fetches the Railways around Rs 285. For the same journey, a reserved seating ticket, known as “2S”, costs Rs 185. Even after carrying more people, the difference in earning from each coach would over Rs 2000.
Another problem is the availability of coaches. At present, Railways has around 2,676 non-AC reserved-seating-only coaches. Usually, long distance trains do not have these coaches and to service short distances, almost all these coaches are already in service.

Accused IPS officerreinstatedPrint
By: Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:24 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 2:26 am
The Gujarat government reinstated IPS officer Vipul Aggarwal in state police on Wednesday. His suspension was revoked  as the Bombay High Court had granted him bail in the Tulsiram Prajapati encounter case in October this year.
He is the third IPS officer accused in encounter cases to be reinstated after being granted bail. The 2001 batch IPS officer, SP Aggarwal, was lodged in Palanpur sub-jail after his arrest in the case by the state CID Crime in 2010, the agency that was investigating the case before the CBI took over.
The state Home Department had revoked Aggarwal’s suspension and decided to bring him back to the state police. The Home Department finalised his reinstatement on Wednesday. However, the department is yet to decide his posting area.
State Home Secretary G S Malik said, “We had moved Aggarwal’s file last week for reinstatement to the General Administrative Department for the approval. The state DGP has been informed about the reinstatement and the government will decide the next procedure.”
The state government had last reinstated Sohrabuddin Sheikh encounter accused SP Abhay Chudasama and Ishrat Jahan encounter accused SP Girish Singhal after they were granted bail in the respective cases. Chudasama is posted in the DG Vigilance Department and Singhal is posted in the state armed unit in Gandhinagar. The sources in the Home Department said that the officials are considering to post Aggarwal in state armed unit.

Keurig Green Mountain beats
A bipartisan unity ticket actually won this year. Thats rare.By Jaime Fuller November 19 Follow @j_fuller
Bill Walker, the independent governor-elect in Alaska, is shown during an Oct. 24 debate in Anchorage. (Mark Thiessen/AP)
This summer, most people assumed that Alaska Gov. Sean Parnell (R) would easily win reelection. He was facing two candidates who were splitting the votes of those looking for someone new to run the state, which is often the best setup a less-than-popular incumbent can hope for (see: Maine gubernatorial race ). But then, the two opponents decided to join forces and form the Alaska First Unity ticket. Bill Walker, a former mayor and former Republican, ran as an independent gubernatorial candidate, and Democrat Byron Mallott joined him as the lieutenant governor candidate.
And now the two candidates are preparing to take office, and no one is quite sure what kind of an administration a conservative Republican and a Democrat will run -- especially one endorsed by former governor Sarah Palin.
(Other fun fact, courtesy of the University of Minnesota : "The losses by Mark Begich and Sean Parnell in Alaska mark just the fifth time over the last 50 years in which a state's sitting governor and U.S. Senator from different political parties were defeated in the same cycle.")
The idea of politicians from different ends of the ideological spectrum joining hands and singing bipartisan carols while all the country's problems disappear is one of America's favorite and most enduring fairy tales.
But, every once in a while, a unity ticket really does run for office, although the definition often stretches and include many types of idealistic electoral scenarios. Sometimes they even win, although most of the time their magic is too fragile to exist outside of the safe, nurturing environment of op-eds.
In 2004, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry briefly fantasized about offering the vice-presidential nomination to Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.). Sen. Chuck Hagel (R-Neb.) also popped up as an option. All interested parties decided that would be a bad idea , although a Kerry-McCain ticket did well in the polls. (Four years later, Hagel again joked about joining a unity ticket, with Barack Obama, and six more years later, he's working in the Democratic president's administration.)
In 2008, people were also whispering about the idea of McCain picking a Democratic running mate  like Joe Lieberman, or Obama picking a Republican running-mate -- or at least Hillary Clinton .
It did not happen.
On the national level, groups trying to build unity tickets from scratch outnumber the candidates who find it a good idea.
In 2012, a group called Americans Elect tried to run a "unity ticket" of nice centrists to run for president. As The Washington Post described the endeavor at the time,
By empowering Web-izens, the group would skip early-state hucksterism and favor-seeking donors. Using viral marketing savvy, the organizers would advance a third-party “unity” ticket without the usual cynicism, circus acts and, it turns out, scrutiny. They aimed, in short, to take the politics out of politics.
Thomas Friedman wrote a column  about Americans Elect in July 2011.
Write it down: Americans Elect. What Amazon.com did to books, what the blogosphere did to newspapers, what the iPod did to music, what  drugstore.com  did to pharmacies, Americans Elect plans to do to the two-party duopoly that has dominated American political life — remove the barriers to real competition, flatten the incumbents and let the people in. Watch out.
It did not work.
Another group called Unity08 tried a similar thing four years earlier .
Unity08 took another step yesterday toward its 2008 goal of running a presidential ticket consisting of one Republican and one Democrat.
The group, which was formed last spring, released a set of draft rules that would govern the recruitment of candidates and the June 2008 online nominating convention that would produce a ticket.
"We're creating a new party. We're devising a new way of thinking about issues," said Doug Bailey, a Unity08 co-founder and founder of the Hotline political tipsheet. "We're talking about a national online convention that's never been held before. We're talking about putting together a national unity ticket."
It did not work.
Far more frequently the "unity" referenced is only intended to repair a fractious party, not an entire ideological system. What better way to maximize your vote count then by taking a presidential candidate from one end of the party, and a vice-presidential candidate from another end? Or, if that seems too much, avoiding primaries and saving money for the general election is always useful. This doesn't always happen, and when it does it doesn't always work out as planned (see North+South ticket run by the Republican Party in 1864). Ego also had something to do with it; it takes a lot of effort to shut down your own campaign to become a second-stringer on someone else's. Good on Mallott for cutting a deal, because without it, he wouldn't even be Lt. Gov. Mallott or Gov. Mallott.
There just might have been a reason that politicians decided not giving the vice presidency to the election loser, a la Jefferson and Adams, was a good idea.
However, absence of unity tickets only made our collective political hearts grow fonder of the idea.
Source: New York Times; Jul 1, 1976;
Source: Bloomberg Businessweek
Source: New York Times; May 31, 1984;
 
Source: The Washington Post; Oct 14, 1980. Anderson referenced is independent candidate John B. Anderson, who ran for president on the National Unity ticket.
For those who have lost hope in winning unity tickets in blockbuster races, there are smaller bipartisan stocking stuffers that will never go away.
Mainly, "Team of Rivals" syndrome, where a election winner is asked to fill their offices with former opponents, just like in the " West Wing ," the Abraham Lincoln administration , and the Obama administration fanfic.
Walker and Mallott did something that rarely succeeds, will be interesting to watch, and surely propel a million more attempts to nationalize a unity ticket in 2016, despite the fact that the Democratic and Republican Party are still mighty strong -- even as they can't conjure up a unity ticket from within their ranks.
This post has been updated.
Jaime Fuller reports on national politics for "The Fix" and Post Politics. She worked previously as an associate editor at the American Prospect, a political magazine based in Washington, D.C.

Drone captures blizzardy video of Buffalo snow stormBy Angela Fritz November 19 Follow @angelafritz
James Grimaldi flew his drone out in the snow storm in West Seneca, N.Y., on Tuesday, when the snow was coming down at a rate of up to four inches per hour. (Youtube/ James Grimaldi)
James Grimaldi lives in West Seneca, N.Y. — one of the hardest hit cities in this week’s epic lake effect snow event. West Seneca accumulated as much as 57 inches of snow as of Wednesday morning. Their neighbors in Cheektowaga, N.Y., just a couple miles away, racked up as much as 65 inches.
Grimaldi flew his drone out in the storm on Tuesday, when the snow was coming down at a rate of up to four inches per hour. As the garage door opens, you can see that at least two feet of the white stuff had already accumulated in Grimaldi’s neighborhood.
Bracing for more: Buffalo expecting another two to three feet by Friday
He also got some footage on Wednesday morning, after the first wave of snow had ended. The mood in the neighborhood appears to be jovial, but the trees are sagging with the weight of the snow.
Areas around Buffalo, N.Y., including West Seneca, are in a lake effect snow warning yet again starting Wednesday night. The National Weather Service is forecasting another two feet in Erie County, which includes the city of Buffalo. However, larger amounts could fall if a particularly heavy lake effect snow band sets up. It is likely that the heaviest snow will once again fall in the areas south of Buffalo.
Angela Fritz is an atmospheric scientist and The Post's deputy weather editor.

Harry Reid: Obama Should  Go Big  On ImmigrationHarry Reid: Obama Should 'Go Big' On Immigration Relief
Posted:
reddit
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., speaks to reporters following the Senate Democrats' policy lunch on Tuesday, Nov. 18, 2014. (Photo By Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call)
WASHINGTON -- Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) said Tuesday that President Barack Obama has the authority to act without Congress on immigration, and that when the president does so, he should do as much as possible to protect families.
"I think when the president decides to do his executive order, he should go big," Reid told reporters at a press conference. "As big as he can."
Obama could take executive action as soon as this week to grant deportation relief, revamp enforcement programs and make other administrative changes to immigration policy. Republicans have said they will do whatever they can to block that action, including potentially creating a showdown over funding the government.
But Reid urged Republicans not to let Obama's executive action threaten government funding.
"The fact that [Obama] has to do something on immigration -- has been forced to do something on immigration -- should not stop us from doing our job, and that is funding the government," he said at the press conference.
Last week, Reid said that he would "like to get the finances of this country out of the way before" Obama takes action on immigration. On Tuesday, however, the majority leader clarified that he had been expressing the views of fellow Democratic senators in those comments. Reid said he had never suggested a delay to the president and had urged him to move as soon as he could.
Reid made similar comments in an interview with Univision on Monday, saying he thinks executive action "should be done now." He told Univision that he believes "the president should go big, as big as he can," including acting to protect the parents of young people who came to the U.S. as children and already received relief through the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program.
Reid and other top Senate Democrats sent the president a letter on Monday saying they stand behind him on executive action, including for parents of DACA recipients, U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents.
Republican leaders in Congress have not yet said definitively how they will respond to executive action by the president. House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) said at a separate press conference on Tuesday that "there are a lot of options on the table." One idea reportedly under consideration is to pass only short-term funding bills that would create more opportunities to pressure Obama on immigration.
"There's a lot of good ideas out there and we're considering all of them," Boehner said when asked about Republicans' plans.
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), who will take over as majority leader in January, has said that the GOP will not incite a government shutdown. But some members of his caucus argue that Congress should attach measures to government funding legislation that would block Obama's executive action, which could put the two sides on the path to a shutdown once again.
McConnell said at his own press conference Tuesday that Congress could use its funding authority to push back on executive action, but acknowledged that this approach would have its difficulties.
"It's always appropriate to use the power of the purse, but it's important to remember that the president has an important trump card. It's called the veto pen," McConnell said. "So there will be ongoing negotiations in the various efforts to fund the government, both this year and next year, about priorities. This is not unusual."
"We do have different priorities, and somehow we're going to have to work out things and make progress for the American people," he added.
Also on HuffPost:

This Pantone Hotel Has Of The Colorsreddit
The average hotel experience consists of Berber carpets, a kitschy abstract painting meant to evoke calm vibes, bedsheets that hopefully aren't too discolored, and, if you're lucky, a warm cookie at check-in. The Pantone Hotel operates a bit differently.
Yes, Pantone, the sovereign ruler of all things color, has opened up a boutique hotel in the city of Brussels. The company, most well known for its Pantone Matching System, in which every possible hue is designated a name and number, brings its obsessive aesthetics to the three-dimensional realm.
Designed by architect Michel Penneman and interior designer Olivier Hannaert, the hotel contains 59 rooms utilizing seven distinct color palettes, in which sharp hues pop and glow against the clean white backdrop of the building. As the website states : "From vivid to subdued, for business or leisure, our unique boutique design hotel perfectly suits your savvy palette and colorful imagination."
Well, if you've ever had the strange desire to color block your entire life -- including the precious hours spent sleeping -- this is your chance. Every small detail, from folding chairs to coffee mugs to toothpaste holders, is drenched in a carefully chosen Pantone hue. The resulting phenomenon is a color-saturated world that, we're guessing, will make it pretty difficult to leave the hotel room. From the look of it, the surreal space allows you to spend days swept up in what feels like a Yayoi Kusama installation or one of Solange's ensembles.
Road trip to Brussels, anyone?

Target and Lowe s are big market movers... 
November 19, 2014 04:29 PM EST | Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq Stock Market:
NYSE
Target Corp., up $4.99 to $72.50
The retailer reported a boost in third-quarter profit, marking a rebound from a massive data breach and topping expectations.
Lowe's Cos., up $3.73 to $62.26
The home improvement retailer's third-quarter profit jumped on a recovery in the housing market, beating Wall Street expectations.
Cliffs Natural Resources Inc., down $2.04 to $8.17
The mining company is pursuing options for exiting its Eastern Canadian iron ore operations, including closing its Bloom Lake mine.
Vipshop Holdings Ltd., down $1.27 to $22.44
The Chinese online discount retailer reported better-than-expected third-quarter results and issued positive guidance.
Nasdaq
Staples Inc., up $1.16 to $13.92
The office supplies retailer met Wall Street's profit expectations on better-than-expected quarterly revenue results.
Oplink Communications Inc., up $2.93 to $24.18
The optical networking equipment company said it will be acquired by Koch Industries in an all-cash deal worth $445 million.
Dish Network Corp., up $6.81 to $74.66
The increase in price of a government radio spectrum auction helped boost the television service provider's stock.
Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc., up $12.16 to $95.97
The biopharmaceutical company reported promising results from an early stage study of a potential advanced leukemia treatment.

Consumer group lists  10 worst toys  for kids...and
versions
BOSTON (AP) — A light-up bow whose arrows are advertised as flying up to 145 feet and the "Catapencil" — a pencil with a miniature slingshot-style launcher on its end — are on an annual list of unsafe toys released Wednesday by a Massachusetts-based consumer watchdog group.
World Against Toys Causing Harm, or W.A.T.C.H., issued the "10 Worst Toys" list to remind parents and consumers of the potential hazards in some toys as the holiday shopping season gets underway.
Organizers, who have been compiling the lists for over four decades, said the toys singled out this year are representative of some of the typical problems they come across, and aren't the only potentially dangerous products on the market.
"It's not so much about the specific toys. It's about the hazards," James Swartz, the group's director, said at a news conference at the Franciscan Hospital for Children.
Many toys, he said, continue to have the same hazardous designs, including small, detachable parts that infants can choke on; strings that can cause strangulation; dangerous projectiles; and misleading or confusing warning labels and instructions.
"There's no reason, after all these years, we should have toys like this," Swartz said as the group displayed each of the ten toys. "We shouldn't be finding these things for manufacturers. They should be designing them appropriately in the first place."
Dr. Penny Norman, who developed ScienceWiz's "Bottle Rocket Party," was surprised the company's kit, which includes rocket tubes, stoppers and yellow "caution tape" but not other necessary or recommended items, such as a bicycle pump or safety goggles, made the list.
She said the idea for the kits, which have been on the market since about 2005 and retail for around $15, came after doing homemade bottle rocket experiments with children at summer camps and after-school programs in the Berkeley, California, area.
"It's a time-honored event for children," Norman said of launching the water or baking soda-and-vinegar-powered rockets. "But it isn't about children being set loose to play with them on their own. It's absolutely about adults running a bottle rocket party event safely."
Robert Pasin, Radio Flyer's "Chief Wagon Officer" and a grandson of the founder, maintained that the company's four-wheeled "Ziggle" cycle, which W.A.T.C.H. criticized because it's low to the ground, is safe.  "For more than 97 years Radio Flyer has been producing high-quality products for children. We test and research all of our products," he said.
The Toy Industry Association said American toy safety standards "remain the most protective in the world" and that the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission, the federal agency responsible for monitoring the safety of toys, "consistently" ranks toys among the safest of 15 consumer product categories commonly found in the home.
"As an industry that creates magical products for children, we hold ourselves to the highest possible standard of care," the association said in a statement. "Like WATCH, members of the toy industry are intent on assuring that the toys consumers bring into their homes are safe for their families. Unlike WATCH, we maintain our priority focus on toy safety every day of the year."
Joan Siff, W.A.T.C.H.'s president, noted that there have been at least 17 toy recalls representing over 4.8 million units of toys in the U.S. and Canada so far in 2014. She urged parents to be extra vigilant during the holiday season, when W.A.T.C.H. says more than 65 percent of toys are sold.
"Remember: Toys are an embellishment on life," Siff said. "They are not a necessity. If they can injure a child, they simply should not be sold."
___
Here's W.A.T.C.H.'s full list of "worst toys" for 2014:
—"Air Storm Firetek Bow" by Zing
—"Ziggle" four-wheeled cycle by Radio Flyer
—"Catapencil" by Toysmith
—"Alphabet Zoo Rock & Stack Pull Toy" by Skip Hop
—"SWAT Electric Machine Gun" by Junxing Toys Industrial Co.
—"Wooden Instruments" sold at Wal-Mart
—"Bottle Rocket Party" by Norman & Globus (ScienceWiz)
—"Lil' Cutesies-Best Friends" doll by JC Toys Group
—"True Legends Orcs Battle Hammer" sold at Toys R Us
—"Colored Hedgehog" plush toy sold at Toys R Us

Combine sharing program aims to boost farm income... 
ROXANA HEGEMAN | November 19, 2014 04:19 PM EST | Associated Press
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — A combine-sharing program touted Wednesday as the first of its kind aims to give farmers a chance to make some money off expensive equipment that sits idle once harvest is finished, and could provide competition next season for custom cutters.
The "Farmer to Farmer" program from FarmLink, a Kansas City, Missouri-based agribusiness, will let farmers in Kansas, Colorado, Oklahoma and Texas who have spring or early summer harvests of winter wheat or other crops rent their equipment to farmers farther north. While farm equipment rentals themselves are nothing new, industry officials say the idea and scale of this program is somewhat of a novelty.
"It is very similar to kind of vacation sharing or car sharing program," according to FarmLink spokeswoman Meredith Powell.
FarmLink would contract with farmers who own certain combines from model years 2012 or newer, pick up the equipment after the harvest and deliver them to those who rent the machines for the late summer and fall harvests. Combine owners could make as much as $40,000 a year in extra income by participating, a price based mostly on how much the rental combine is used, she said, and FarmLink would shoulder the cost of any needed maintenance and repairs.
Tracy Zeorian, executive director of the industry group U.S. Custom Harvesters, said she expects farmers will see the program as a great opportunity.
"When the commodity prices were high, we were seeing farmers with brand new combines that we never would have seen otherwise," she said, adding that many farmers are still saddled with payments. "Unfortunately, the cost of equipment is so tremendously high that a farmer can't justify having a combine sitting around for two to three weeks a year."
But Zeorian, who also operates a custom harvesting operation with her husband out of Manley, Nebraska, fears the FarmLink program also amounts to more competition for custom harvesters like herself who travel the country cutting crops.
"When we start losing jobs it is going to hurt custom harvesters," she said. "And the continual profit loss means less and less harvesters out there."
Upon learning FarmLink's estimated added income for farmers, even Zeorian was a bit interested: "Sheesh, maybe we should be renting out our combine — it sure would be a whole lot less headache. That's a fact," she said.
___
Online:
FarmLink: www.farmlink.com

US stocks drift lower after release of Fed minutes... 
The Associated Press | November 19, 2014 04:14 PM EST | Associated Press
Stocks closed lower for the first time this week as the market edged below the record high it set the day before.
Investors found little new to trade on in the minutes from the Federal Reserve's latest policy meeting, released Wednesday afternoon.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index slid three points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,048.
The Dow Jones industrial average slipped two points, less than 0.1 percent, to 17,685. The Nasdaq composite shed 26 points, or 0.6 percent, to 4,675.
The S&P 500 and Dow closed at record highs the day before.
Cliffs Natural Resources sank 20 percent on news that the mining company is pursuing exit options for its Eastern Canadian iron ore operations.
The price of oil fell three cents to $74.58 a barrel in New York.

Keurig Green Mountain beats Street 4Q forecasts... 
November 19, 2014 04:13 PM EST | Associated Press
WATERBURY, Vt. (AP) _ Keurig Green Mountain Inc. (GMCR) on Wednesday reported profit of $141.1 million in its fiscal fourth quarter.
The Waterbury, Vermont-based company said it had profit of 86 cents per share. Earnings, adjusted for amortization costs and non-recurring costs, were 90 cents per share.
The results exceeded Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of 78 cents per share.
The maker of single-serve coffee brewing systems posted revenue of $1.2 billion in the period, also topping Street forecasts. Analysts expected $1.16 billion, according to Zacks.
For the current quarter ending in December, Keurig Green Mountain expects its per-share earnings to range from 83 cents to 88 cents. Analysts surveyed by Zacks had forecast adjusted earnings per share of $1.
Keurig Green Mountain shares have more than doubled since the beginning of the year, while the Standard & Poor's 500 index has increased 11 percent. In the final minutes of trading on Wednesday, shares hit $154.33, more than doubling in the last 12 months.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. GMCR stock research report from Zacks.
_____
Keywords:Keurig Green Mountain,Earnings Report

State releases proposed air quality rules... 
November 19, 2014 04:06 PM EST | Associated Press
FAIRBANKS, Alaska (AP) — Proposed state regulations for meeting federal air quality standards include limits on what could be burned in wood stoves.
In areas with chronically bad air, such as Fairbanks and North Pole, the regulations call for using dry wood, wood pellet products, manufacture-approved biomass fuels and manufacturer-recommended starter fuels for October through March, the Fairbanks Daily News-Miner reported (http://bit.ly/1uba9oT ).
The proposed regulations were released Monday. They are included in the State Implementation Plan due by the end of 2014 to the Environmental Protection Agency to show how the state will reduce chronic winter air pollution in Fairbanks.
Dry wood has a moisture content of less than 20 percent. Wood with more moisture burns less efficiently and creates more pollution.
The regulations make provisions for burning wet wood if it's mixed with "manufactured compressed wood logs." Cindy Heil of the Department of Environmental Conservation's Air Quality Division said state tests with pellet logs burned with wet wood found dramatic reductions in air pollution.
Fairbanks and North Pole regularly are out of compliance with federal air standards because of particulate emitted from wood burned by people trying use an alternative to expensive home heating oil.
Research ties particulate pollution to heart attacks, decreased lung function and premature death in people with heart or lung disease.
The Department of Environmental Conservation is taking public testimony on the regulations through Dec. 19.
The EPA set a 2015 deadline for areas that regularly have poor air quality to meet the federal air standards. Heil said 2019 is a more likely target because the EPA uses a three-year rolling average to determine compliance and there are years with poor quality in the 2015 average.
"Given that last year was poor and this year is already looking poor, unless we have a clean air next year, the three-year average is looking like we will still violate," she said. "The Clean Air Act allows you the extra time to meet the standards."
___
Information from: Fairbanks (Alaska) Daily News-Miner, http://www.newsminer.com

Fed sees solid US economy  despite new threats...and
versions
WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal Reserve policy-makers discussed a variety of economic threats at their October meeting — from turbulent financial markets to overseas weakness — but decided to move forward with plans to end their landmark bond buying program.
Minutes of the Fed's Oct. 28-29 meeting released on Wednesday showed that Fed officials grappled with a number of developments, from sharp moves in U.S. stock prices to increased signs of weakness in such key regions as Europe and Asia. They also expressed concern that inflation, which has been running below the Fed's target of 2 percent, could drift lower because of falling energy prices and a strengthening U.S. dollar.
A number of Fed officials noted that economic growth might be slower over the medium term than currently expected if foreign economic conditions or financial markets deteriorated significantly, the minutes said. But the officials also expressed confidence that the U.S. economy was on solid footing and expected to keep improving.
The minutes cited the "somewhat weaker economic outlook and increased downsides risks in Europe, China and Japan." But it said that Fed officials believed the impact would likely be "quite limited" on the U.S. economy, in part because they expected that the slowdown in overseas demand would likely be less severe than initially feared.
Wall Street staged a big rally after release of the September meeting minutes as investors assumed that the Fed would delay a rate hike because of concerns about weakness overseas. However, the release of the October minutes had little market impact. Economists said the comments did not alter their expectation that the first rate hike would probably take place around June of next year.
"The timing will depend on the data ... nothing very definitive," said Jim O'Sullivan, chief U.S. economist at High Frequency Economics.
The minutes showed that for a second meeting there was a debate over the language outlining the pace of interest rate hikes. Board members debated whether or not to remove language Fed officials have used since the spring that they expected to keep a key short-term interest rate low for a "considerable time" after halting monthly bond purchases.
The Fed decided to keep the "considerable time" wording because officials worried that its removal could be misinterpreted and cause markets to drive interest rates higher and harm the recovery.
Private economists do not expect the Fed to begin raising interest rates until mid-2015 and nothing revealed by the discussion in the minutes was likely to alter their view.
The minutes of the Oct. 28-29 meeting were released with the customary three-week delay. At the October meeting the Fed announced that it was ending its bond buying program, which it had been gradually reducing since last December. That program was aimed at keeping long-term interest rates low.
The statement did drop a reference it had been making to a "significant underutilization' of labor market resources. Instead, it said that improving labor market indicators suggested that the "underutilization" of labor market resources was "gradually diminishing." The change was viewed as a sign that the Fed's concerns about weakness in the labor markets had lessened somewhat.
The central bank has kept its target for a key short-term rate at a record low near zero since December 2008.

BP: Deal with Hilcorp completed... 
November 19, 2014 03:57 PM EST | Associated Press
JUNEAU, Alaska (AP) — BP has closed the sale of its interests in four North Slope oil fields to Hilcorp.
BP president for Alaska operations Janet Weiss made the announcement Wednesday.
The company announced in April that it was selling all its interests in the Endicott and Northstar fields and half its interests in the Liberty and Milne Point fields.
Weiss said the sale would allow BP to focus on Prudhoe Bay and pursuing a major liquefied natural gas project. The sale involves the planned layoff of 275 workers and transfer to Hilcorp or early retirement of another 200 people.
Weiss said the companies have asked federal regulators to allow Hilcorp to become the operator of the long-planned Liberty project. BP plans to work with Hilcorp on submitting a project development and production plan.

Maine groups praise smooth health enrollment... 
ALANNA DURKIN | November 19, 2014 03:55 PM EST | Associated Press
AUGUSTA, Maine (AP) — With fewer glitches plaguing the federally run health exchange website, people helping to enroll Maine residents in insurance plans say the process is going more smoothly this time around, and they're hopeful they will make strides in the next three months in covering the tens of thousands of people in the state who remain uninsured.
Demand for appointments appears to be high. And the first few days of open enrollment have gone by with few major issues, unlike last year when widespread technical problems with the national Healthcare.gov website caused headaches and sign-up delays for weeks, those assisting enrollees across Maine said.
As an outreach and enrollment specialist with Penobscot Community Health Center, Erin Munson has helped people sign up for plans in Old Town. She said she's hearing mostly from those looking to buy coverage on the exchange for the first time.
"They are hearing more positive feedback about the program, and they are interested in enrolling this year," Munson said.
With the help of St. Joseph's Hospital in Bangor, Munson said she and other assisters are reaching out to thousands of people in the area who they've identified as uninsured and are trying to show them what they can gain by getting covered.
President Barack Obama's administration said that about 100,000 people — including new and returning customers — submitted applications for 2015 coverage on the exchange as of Saturday, the first day of open enrollment. About 7 million people are signed up via the federal website, which is serving Maine and 36 other states. The administration expects to grow that by 2 million more or so by the time open enrollment ends on Feb. 15.
Emily Brostek, executive director of Augusta-based Consumers for Affordable Health Care, said some people who signed up last time were having problems logging into the system because they either forgot or lost their passwords. But overall, it has been a "completely different experience than last year" when assisters with her organization were swamped with frustrated callers who couldn't navigate the system on their own, Brostek said.
"Once people are in the website, it's working really well," she said.
In the short three-month period, health care assisters are not only are not tasked with signing up new customers, but re-enrolling people who bought coverage last time, like Sherri Tripp, who owns a surf shop with her husband in Old Orchard Beach.
Before her family signed up for a silver plan during the last open-enrollment session, Tripp said they went without insurance for years because they couldn't afford to pay the steep monthly premium.
Now, she pays about $300 a month to cover herself, her husband and their 20-year-old son, she said. Having coverage has meant the 49-year-old has been able to do things she's been putting off for years, like have a breast cancer screening, Tripp said.
Now she sees having health insurance as a no-brainer, she said.
"You have to have car insurance, why wouldn't you have health insurance?"
___
Follow Alanna Durkin at http://www.twitter.com/aedurkin

Formula 1s fractured fraternityThe Roundabout Blog | 18 November 2014
Hamilton and Rosberg, Formula 1’s fractured fraternity
By  Devin Altieri
Read more about these links.
Hamilton (left) and Rosberg, in an undated photo. (Lewis Hamilton, via Twitter)
Successful Formula 1 drivers possess skill, agility, speed and borderline-messianic levels of self-confidence. All this makes for great racing – if potentially combustible relationships.
Related
Decider in the desert
Lewis Hamilton has a 17-point advantage over Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg heading into the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
Take the 2014 season’s front-runners, Mercedes-AMG teammates Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg, who enter the season’s final race, the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix , with just 17 points separating them. The drivers are engaged in one of the great teammate rivalries Formula 1 has seen.
They also had a head-start.
Rosberg and Hamilton began racing in karts together at age 12. They even have been teammates prior to their current Mercedes-AMG stint, when the Team MBM drivers contested the 2000 Formula A World Karting Cup at age 15. Hamilton would go on to edge his teammate and win the cup.
Tables turned in 2004, when Rosberg edged out Hamilton, finishing fourth to Hamilton’s fifth in the Formula 3 Euroseries championship, with just two points separating them. Rosberg also outran Hamilton in the F3 masters race where he finished sixth to Lewis’ seventh. Hamilton drew next blood, winning the Baharin SuperPrix with Rosberg finishing just behind. And at the Macau Grand Prix, Rosberg crashed and collected Hamilton as collateral damage.
Despite these fierce exchanges, the two remained good friends and could be seen socialising in the paddock, riding unicycles together (as seen above) and congratulating each other after races. The friendship did not fizzle until the pressure of a Formula 1 championship was upon them.
The teammates, in a rare cordial moment at the 2014 Brazilian GP on 9 November. Rosberg took first place, ahead of Hamilton. (Nelson Almeida/AFP/Getty)
In 2013, their first year as Mercedes-AMG teammates, neither driver was truly in contention for the driver’s championship, and so the relationship remained amicable. However, with 2014 championship pressure mounting with every race, the relationship has finally snapped.
The shift began after an incident in qualifying for the Monaco Grand Prix in May, when Rosberg ran wide at a corner, prompting a yellow caution flag that prevented Hamilton from taking pole position away from him. Rosberg went on to win the race as Hamilton fumed. Hamilton went to the media and said that the two were no longer friends but still maintained a professional respect for each other. He later posted on social media channels that the two talked and were once again friends who, like friends do, had hit a rough patch. As the season progressed, on-track battles intensified and the post-race barbs became more personal.
The turning point, however, came in August at the Belgian Grand Prix. The pair made contact while battling for the lead, forcing Hamilton out of the race, while Rosberg rallied to finish second. Afterward, Hamilton alleged that Rosberg crashed into him on purpose while Rosberg maintained that he was simply holding his line and racing hard. Either way, it served as a breaking point for the two. Even Mercedes-AMG team boss Toto Wolff noted the incident as the end of amicability between the two.
Ultimately, one race likely cannot mend the drivers’ relationship, but for fans, the tensions leading into Abu Dhabi should make for one of the most memorable Formula 1 finales in years.
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

A Team Secretly Exhumed Composer Chopin s Heart In PolandChopin's Exhumed Heart Remains One Of The World's Strangest Classical Music Relics
 | By                                                                VANESSA GERA
reddit
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — As Frederic Chopin gasped for air on his deathbed in Paris in 1849, he whispered a request that became the stuff of musical legend: Remove my heart after I die and entomb it in Poland. He wanted the symbol of his soul to rest in the native land he pined for from self-imposed exile in France.
Ever since, the composer's body has rested in peace at the famed Pere Lachaise cemetery in Paris — while his heart has endured a wild journey of intrigue and adulation.
First it was sealed in a jar of liquor believed to be cognac. Then it was smuggled into Warsaw past Russian border guards. Once in his hometown, Chopin's heart passed through the hands of several relatives before being enshrined within a pillar in Holy Cross Church. During World War II, it briefly fell into the clutches of the Nazis. The organ has been exhumed several times, most recently in a secret operation to check whether the tissue remains well preserved.
Chopin's heart inspires a deep fascination in Poland normally reserved for the relics of saints. For Poles, Chopin's nostalgic compositions capture the national spirit — and the heart's fate is seen as intertwined with Poland's greatest agonies and triumphs over nearly two centuries of foreign occupation, warfare and liberation.
"This is a very emotional object for Poles," said Michal Witt, a geneticist involved in the inspection. Chopin is "extremely special for the Polish soul."
Chopin experts have wanted to carry out genetic testing to establish whether the sickly genius died at 39 of tuberculosis, as is generally believed, or of some other illness. But they remain frustrated. The Polish church and government, the custodians of the heart, have for years refused requests for any invasive tests, partly because of the opposition of a distant living relative of the composer.
This year, however, they finally consented to a superficial inspection after a forensic scientist raised alarm that after so many years the alcohol could have evaporated, leaving the heart to dry up and darken.
Close to midnight on April 14, after the last worshippers had left the Holy Cross Church, 13 people sworn to secrecy gathered in the dark sanctuary.
They included the archbishop of Warsaw, the culture minister, two scientists and other officials. With a feeling of mystery hanging in the air, they worked in total concentration, mostly whispering, as they removed the heart from its resting place and carried out the inspection — taking more than 1,000 photos and adding hot wax to the jar's seal to prevent evaporation. Warsaw's archbishop recited prayers over the heart and it was returned to its rightful place. By morning, visitors to the church saw no trace of the exhumation.
"The spirit of this night was very sublime," said Tadeusz Dobosz, the forensic scientist on the team.
Polish officials kept all details of the inspection secret for five months before going public about it in September, giving no reason for the delay. They are also not releasing photographs of the heart, mindful of ethical considerations surrounding the display of human remains, said Artur Szklener, director of the Fryderyk Chopin Institute in Warsaw, a state body that helps preserve the composer's legacy.
"We don't want this to be a media sensation, with photos of the heart in the newspapers," Szklener said. However, to prove that the heart is in good shape, he showed The Associated Press photographs of the organ, an enlarged white lump submerged in an amber-colored fluid in a crystal jar.
Some Chopin experts are critical of what they consider a lack of transparency.
Steven Lagerberg — the American author of "Chopin's Heart: The Quest to Identify the Mysterious Illness of the World's Most Beloved Composer" — believes international experts should have also been involved in the inspection. He said he wishes that the exhumation had involved genetic tests on a small sample of tissue to determine the cause of Chopin's death.
Though Lagerberg and others believe that Chopin probably died of tuberculosis — the official cause of death — the matter isn't fully settled. Some scientists suspect cystic fibrosis, a disease still unknown in Chopin's time, or even some other illnesses.
"The mystery of this man's illness lingers on — how he could survive for so long with such a chronic illness and how he could write pieces of such extraordinary beauty," Lagerberg said. "It's an intellectual puzzle, it's a medical mystery and it's an issue of great scientific curiosity."
Chopin was born near Warsaw in 1810 to a Polish mother and French emigre father. He lived in Warsaw until 1830, when he made his way to Paris — where he chose a life of exile because of the brutal repressions imposed by Imperial Russia after a failed uprising.
Fulfilling Chopin's deathbed wish, which was also inspired by the composer's fear of being buried alive, his sister Ludwika smuggled the heart to Warsaw, probably beneath her skirts. After being kept in the family home for several years it was eventually buried in the Baroque Holy Cross Church, in central Warsaw.
It remained there until World War II, when the Nazi occupiers removed it for safekeeping during the Warsaw Uprising of 1944. Even as they slaughtered Poles block-by-block, killing 200,000 people in retribution for the revolt, they took pains to preserve the relic of a composer that the Germans have sometimes claimed as their own, because of the influence great German composers had on him. After the fighting was over, they returned it to the Polish church in a ceremony meant to show their respect for culture.
Bogdan Zdrojewski, the culture minister who took part in the April inspection, defended his refusal to allow invasive testing of the heart.
"We in Poland often say that Chopin died longing for his homeland," said Zdrojewski, who has since left the culture ministry to be a lawmaker at the European Parliament. "Additional information which could possibly be gained about his death would not be enough of a reason to disturb Chopin's heart."
Nonetheless officials have already announced plans for another inspection — 50 years from now.
Earlier on HuffPost:

How Islamic State beheadings are changing the debate on paying ransomBy Adam Taylor November 19 Follow @mradamtaylor
In this undated photo provided by the Kassig Family, Peter Kassig, is shown with a truck loaded with supplies. The Islamic State group released a graphic video on Sunday, Nov. 16, 2014, in which a black-clad militant claimed to have beheaded U.S. aid worker Peter Kassig, who was providing medical aid to Syrians fleeing the civil war when he was captured inside Syria on Oct. 1, 2013. His friends say he converted to Islam in captivity and took the first name Abdul-Rahman. (AP Photo/Courtesy Kassig Family)
This weekend's beheading of  Abdul-Rahman Kassig, a U.S. aid worker previously known as Peter Kassig , marked the fifth killing of a foreigner to be filmed and released by the Islamic State. So far, the extremist Islamist group has killed three American citizens and two British citizens in this manner. There is one remaining Western hostage, an American woman.
The nationality of those killed is important. While these U.S. and British citizens were killed, those of other nationalities have been released by the Islamic State. The New York Times has reported that citizens from  Italy, Denmark, France, Germany, Spain, Belgium, Switzerland, Peru, and Sweden  are believed to have been freed after ransoms were paid. While most countries agree, in theory, to not pay money to kidnappers, many covertly do.
The United States and Britain do not . And the logic that drives that strategy is being called into question by the brutality of the Islamic State.
On Monday, Shane Harris of the Daily Beast reported  that the White House  may reevaluate its policy on ransoms. In particular, the White House will review the opposition the U.S. government has shown to families paying ransoms to kidnappers. In the past, Washington has refused to facilitate these payments, and the families of both James Foley and Steven Sotloff -- two American journalists killed by the Islamic State -- claimed  that they were  threatened with prosecution by White House counterterrorism officials if they raised money and paid a ransom privately.
In this handout image made available by the photographer, American journalist Steven Sotloff (Center with black helmet) talks to Libyan rebels on the al-Dafniya front line, 25 km west of Misurata on June 02, 2011 in Misurata, Libya. (Photo by Etienne de Malglaive via Getty Images)
This seems to be an acknowledgement that U.S. policy on paying ransoms is flawed, but it brings up a worrying question: What would be better?
At its core, the U.S. logic on ransoms boils down to two key factors. First, the idea that paying ransoms gives kidnappers an incentive to kidnap and may compel them to target people of a certain nationality. There's some evidence that this may be true: The French government is believed to be one of the  most willing to pay ransoms and is reported to have paid out tens of millions of dollars over the past few years, and there were more French hostages around the  world than any other nationality .
Then there's a second, more direct problem. These kidnappers are often extremist groups with violent agendas in opposition to U.S. foreign policy aims. By giving them a substantial amount of money, you may be helping them to get closer to achieving those aims. In the case of the Islamic State, which the United States is now directly fighting, it would be actively aiding the enemy.
The United States has articulated this logic again and again, often criticizing other nations that do pay kidnappers. "Ransom payments lead to future kidnappings, and future kidnappings lead to additional ransom payments. And it all builds the capacity of terrorist organizations to conduct attacks," David Cohen, the undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence at the Treasury Department, said at London's  Chatham House in 2012 . "We must find a way to break the cycle. Refusing to pay ransoms or to make other concessions to terrorists is, clearly, the surest way to break the cycle, because if kidnappers consistently fail to get what they want, they will have a strong incentive to stop taking hostages in the first place."
Now that three American hostages have been killed by the Islamic State, and another lies in the balance, that logic is starting to look absurd. The widespread knowledge that America does not pay ransoms did not stop Foley, Sotloff or Kassig from being kidnapped, and it certainly didn't stop them from being killed.
In this November 2012, file photo, posted on the website freejamesfoley.org, shows American journalist James Foley while covering the civil war in Aleppo, Syria. (AP Photo/freejamesfoley.org, Nicole Tung, File)
The graphic, public nature of their killings, and some reports of the wild ransoms being put forward (kidnappers reportedly  demanded a $132 million  fee for Foley's release) suggest this wasn't all about the money. It's possible that this is partly because the Islamic State may not really need the cash: The  U.S. Treasury estimates  that the group was earning around $1 million a day through oil sales until recently, an impressive sum by any standard. But it may also be that the message sent by the slayings is worth more to the Islamic State than the money they might have received.
What other option is there for the U.S. government, other than paying or facilitating the payment of huge sums of money? One option sounds simple: Rescue them. This is far easier said than done. The  U.S. government did  try to rescue American hostages being held by the Islamic State in a daring secret raid earlier this year, but it failed. U.S. officials could also attempt to work out some kind of prisoner exchange deal, like they did with the Taliban in exchange  for the release of Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl . This method comes with its own risks and criticisms of course, and may not always be an option.
The White House's reassessment of ransom payments reflects the changing situation and narrowing opportunity in the wake of the Islamic State's brutality. If the U.S. government does begin to help families privately pay ransoms (still some way from European governments who covertly pay themselves), it's an acknowledgment that paying ransoms is a flawed strategy -- but that every other option in this situation is also flawed in some way.
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

Uber investor Ashton Kutcher doesnt see the problem with digging up dirt on a shady journalistBy Andrea Peterson November 19 Follow @kansasalps
Uber has been embroiled in a PR fiasco since a BuzzFeed story this week revealed than an executive had floated the idea that the company should hire opposition researchers to look into the personal lives of journalists critical of the company.
Emil Michael, Uber's senior vice president of business, reportedly suggested that the company could look into the personal life of Sarah Lacy, the founder and editor of Silicon Valley site PandoDaily. Lacy and her publication have had a particularly adversarial relationship with Uber. Last month, Lacy  wrote that she had deleted the app and encouraged others to do so after reports of a French Uber promotion that offered to pair riders with "hot chick" drivers.
The company insists that Michael's comments didn't reflect its actual practices, and he has apologized to Lacy. Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick called the comments "terrible" in a series of tweets.
But now Uber investor Ashton Kutcher, of "Dude, Where's My Car" fame, has come out in support of Michael's original statements — and implied that Lacy is "shady."
(Twitter)
Kutcher's actually a pretty significant Silicon Valley investing force, co-founding venture capital firm A-Grade Investments, which has backed Uber, Airbnb, Spotify and others. He also was hired as a " product engineer " by hardware maker Lenovo in 2013 — helping design and market their tablet.
In follow-up tweets, Kutcher clarified that he speaks only for himself, not Uber — and doubled down on a need for "questioning the source" of reporting.
(Twitter)
Andrea Peterson covers technology policy for The Washington Post, with an emphasis on cybersecurity, consumer privacy, transparency, surveillance and open government.

Watch: Israel demolishes Palestinian home as punishmentBy Ishaan Tharoor November 19 Follow @ishaantharoor
Israel said it demolished the east Jerusalem home of a Palestinian involved in a deadly attack on a train stop from October. The demolition came a day after two Palestinians attacked a synagogue in Jerusalem. (AP)
A day after two Palestinian men killed five Israelis at an Orthodox synagogue in Jerusalem, Israeli authorities made reprisals, demolishing the home of a Palestinian involved in an earlier attack at a tram stop.
On Wednesday morning, a controlled explosion ripped through a fourth-floor apartment in a residential block in the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Silwan. It was the home of Abdel Rahman al-Shaludi, who drove his car into a crowd on a train station platform  Oct. 22. Two people were killed, including a 3-month-old. Shaludi was later shot dead by security forces.
"The home of the terrorist, who killed an Israeli baby and a young woman on October 22 in a tram station in Jerusalem was destroyed in Silwan," the Israeli military said in a statement .
Shaludi's family maintains he had lost control of the car and accidentally veered into the crowd. They walked through the rubble of their blasted apartment soon after it was destroyed. Three other families living in the same building had to evacuate the premises. The entire neighborhood was cordoned off by police, reports al Jazeera.
A Palestinian boy, a relative of Abdel Rahman al-Shaludi, stands on rubble in Shaludi's destroyed home in the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Silwan on Nov. 19, 2014. (Ammar Awad/Reuters)
Three other Palestinian families in East Jerusalem also have homes slated for demolition : that of Mohammed Jaabis, a 23-year-old who rammed an earthmover into an Israeli bus  Aug. 4, killing one Israeli; Muataz Hijazi, who attacked a right-wing Jewish activist  Oct. 29; and Ibrahim Akari, who plowed his car into pedestrians  Nov. 5, killing two. All three men are dead.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has also ordered the razing of the homes of Uda Abu Jamal and Ghassan Abu Jamal, two cousins who carried out Tuesday's bloody attack on the synagogue in Jerusalem's Har Nof neighborhood.
The demolitions, which punish the families of Palestinian men who are often already deceased or in custody, are controversial. According to the Israeli human rights group B'Tselem, between October 2001 and January 2005, 664 houses belonging to suspected militants in the Palestinian territories were destroyed, leaving  4,182 people homeless. (This is separate from Israel's continued bulldozing of Palestinian homes it claims were built illegally or without valid permits.)
The Israeli military abandoned the tactic  in 2005, deeming it an insufficient deterrent to would-be terrorists and a possible catalyst for more violence.
But Netanyahu's government renewed the practice this year, destroying the homes of two Palestinian men connected to the disappearance and murder of three Israeli teens in the West Bank. News of the teens' abduction provoked a wave of violence that culminated in Israel's blistering summer campaign in Gaza, which targeted Islamist group Hamas and other militant factions firing rockets into Israel.
More than 2,100 Palestinians were killed in the Gaza Strip, including many women and children. 66 Israeli soldiers and seven Israeli civilians also died.
Critics of the home demolitions say it is a form of " collective punishment " against Palestinians, for whom the experience of dispossession and displacement is both a historical memory and a lived reality.
"Regardless of the situation, it is morally outrageous to punish individuals or families for the action of others, [people] who have not been involved in any kind of lawbreaking," Sarit Michaeli, a spokeswoman for B’Tselem, told my colleague Sudarsan Raghavan   this year. "In a nutshell, it is an official policy of harming the innocent."
But Israeli officials counter that such harsh retaliation is needed to break the militant commitments of some Palestinian communities. One Israeli official, speaking to The Post on condition of anonymity  this year, said the tactic "levels the playing field."
It's either wishful thinking or a cold calculation. Back at the gutted Shaludi residence, his relatives offered a mournful lament.
"Netanyahu wanted all this. He is happy now," Shaludi's uncle, Amer al-Shaludi, told The Post on Wednesday. "But this will stop nothing. The cycles of violence will go on and on."
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.

Bengal govt amends Land ReformsActPrint
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:41 am
The government on Wednesday passed the West Bengal Land Reforms (Amendment) Bill, 2014, in which the ambit for exemption has been widened.
In addition, the government has also been lenient with industrialists who have plans to sit idle with their land. Earlier, while industriaists were allowed to keep the allotted land unused under Section 14Y for a maximum period of three years, under the new law they will be allowed to keep it for five years.
The Land Reforms Act, 1955 stipulated that no person will be allowed to keep land above 24.7 acres. But under Section 14Y of the same Act exemptions (where land can be allotted in excess of the ceiling of 24 acres) were made in case of setting up of mills, factories, workshop and tea gardens.
A few amendments were made over the subsequent years, during both the Left Front and the Trinamool Congress regimes and the areas of exemption included were livestock breeding farm, poultry farm, dairy, industrial park, or industrial hub or industrial estate etc.
On Wednesday, the areas which were added include fishery, transportation or terminal, logistic hub, township, financial hub, logistic hub, educational and medical institutions, oil and gas products piped transportation, and mining and allied activities.
“The ambit of the bill has been widened in such a way that it seems the state government has removed the land ceiling altogether, a demand being made by some industrialists,’’ Tarun Kanti Nashkar, SUCI MLA said.

Why some diets help you lose weight without making you feel hungryBy Abby Phillip November 19 Follow @abbydphillip
Apparently, you may be able to have your steak and eat it, too. (By Deb Lindsey for The Washington Post)
If there is a holy grail of dieting, it might be in the promise of losing weight without feeling hungry and deprived.
But is that really possible?
Reducing caloric intake and exercising more is still the best way to lose weight and then keep it off. But it turns out that there are some diets that can make it a little easier to cope with giving up that piece of chocolate cake.
A new study published in the journal  Obesity Reviews  looked at whether there's evidence to support claims that low-carbohydrate diets can also suppress your appetite, even when they severely restrict your caloric intake.
If you've given your Atkins-loving aunt the side eye, you might want to listen up.
The review of more than a dozen studies of these kinds of diets found that in most cases, participants reported feeling fuller and less hungry even while losing fat.
“We had an increase in satiety and a reduction in hunger. Both point to a reduction in appetite,” said Alice Gibson, lead author of the study and a dietitian and PhD candidate at the University of Sydney Medical School.
Researchers looked at two types of diets, both of which included low carbohydrate intake.
One type, which is similar to the popular Atkins diet, restricts carbs to fewer than 20 grams a day in certain stages – which is extremely low – but it doesn't really restrict anything else. That kind of diet is high in protein and often high in fat, but it also generally eliminates some food groups that nutritionists would recommend as part of a healthy diet, like whole grains, fruits and some vegetables.
Another type of low-carb diet – "very-low-energy diets" – similarly restricts carbohydrates. But that diet also severely restricts calorie consumption to about 800 kcals a day, far below what nutritionists would recommend as the minimum amount of energy from food that adults should consume.
"It's essentially a semi-starvation diet," Gibson said.
Those "very-low-energy diets" should really only be done under the supervision of a doctor. They also may involve carefully crafted, prepackaged meals that are designed to meet specific nutrition needs to prevent nutritional deficits caused by severely restricted calorie consumption.
After analyzing over a dozen studies, researchers saw a surprisingly consistent finding: Both types of low-carb dieters reported feeling less hungry and more full.
"All of our studies basically showed either a very small reduction in appetite or no change," said Gibson. "People can be consuming very few calories but not have an increase in their appetite."
Usually, when your body is deprived of energy in the form of food (specifically carbohydrates, which is the most efficient form of fuel), it responds by doing just what you might expect: It gives you the urge to eat by making you feel hungry.
But consuming less food and expending more energy are exactly what you're trying to do in order to lose fat. The result is often the uncomfortable, demoralizing feeling of persistent hunger. Or "hanger," when your hunger gets mixed with a little anger.
Cravings and hunger -- not to mention your bad mood -- can quickly sabotage a diet.
On low-carbohydrate eating plans, weight loss usually occurs fairly rapidly at the beginning because instead of using calories from food as fuel, the body uses fat instead. After a few days of low carbohydrate intake, the body starts to release more ketones. Often, people on ketogenic diets also report feeling less hungry, as well.
"Most people would assume that it’s their high protein intake that is causing this appetite suppression," said Gibson. "That may be contributing, but it doesn't provide an explanation for the low-energy diets, which are actually very low in protein."
Ketosis might provide a better explanation, Gibson hypothesizes. It is still unknown exactly how ketones might work to suppress appetite. But according to Gibson's research, the association between ketogenic diets and reduced or stable appetite was remarkably consistent among the studies that measured appetite before and during the diet.
The studies also suggested that even moderately restricting carbohydrates can produce a similar effect.
Some low-carb diets call for severe restrictions of fewer than 20 grams of carbohydrates a day, which generally requires cutting out healthful foods that are usually recommended as part of a balanced diet. But elevated ketone levels were still observed in study participants who consumed about 50 grams of carbs a day, which is a low, but not extreme, level of restriction.
“What I believe is that there is a threshold affect for the appetite suppression effects of ketosis,” Gibson said. “You don’t need to restrict carbohydrates to less than 20 grams.”
But appetite, at least how it is measured in most studies, is a subjective thing. And ketosis might not fully explain why some people who used low-carbohydrate diets also reported that they felt like they wanted to eat less food in general whether they were hungry or not.
"It's not clear whether it’s the ketosis or the fact that people are losing weight quickly, which is very motivating. That could also contribute the lessened desire to eat," Gibson said.
Further research is needed to investigate what happens to ketone levels at different levels of carbohydrate consumption, and also whether the appetite suppression effect effect is long-lasting.
Another study this year found that a  low-carb diet resulted in more weight loss compared to a low-fat diet ; but in the long run, people who followed both diets had a hard time sticking with it.
After all, you may not be quite as hungry, but giving up your favorite sandwich or pasta is no easy task, either.
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Tips for Multitasking With Time Managementreddit
Multitasking is not for everyone. A lot of people think that they are multitasking when all they're doing is making more work. When we multitask we need to take into consideration time management. We also need to have the ability to actually focus with intensity on each task equally. Many people think they can do it, but all too often we are met with a person who is making a mess of things in the name of multitasking. When we try to do too many things at once, we fail to embrace a more complete picture of our situation. In business this can be most damaging. My advice has always been that if you can't manage your time efficiently enough to give each person and each project your complete attention then don't try to multitask. Give your all to each call.
An example of poor multitasking is the person who is talking to you on the phone but thinks you are unaware that they know you are hardly paying attention because you are mostly staring at a computer screen, a smartphone or a tablet doing double duty next to it. Meanwhile, all they hear on their end of the line is long pauses filled with "hmmm....yes....OK....aha...." while you try to remember what you wanted to say. They then ask you to repeat it to them.
Time is money, people, and if you want to accumulate it then stop multitasking because the bottom one is you are not getting the full 411 and the caller knows you are not paying attention.
That is not good for relations and it says a lot about your work ethic or lack thereof, not to mention the fact that it shows disrespect on your part.
Now, I do realize that it is difficult to stop people from walking and chewing gum at the same time whether they are capable of it or not.  But there are things you can do to making your time more valuable through each task so that you create success in each endeavor. Additionally, it will cut down your stress factor.
Create a Telephone Call Log and schedule a time limit for the connection. Make your calls or meetings with time that is slotted for your undivided attention.
Don't answer emails or texts from other people while handling, or do anything other than what pertains to your connection.
Keep your focus because any distraction will take you off your game and most likely slow down your progress.
These are just a few suggestions I share with some of the businesses and corporations that seek my advice. I believe that when applied regularly, these tips will make a difference in how you relate to those you connect with, as well as how you accomplish your tasks. After a while, you will see that if you time yourself this way, you will absorb far more with each task than if you tried to lump them in the same time frame.
Follow Linda Lauren on Twitter: www.twitter.com/LindaLauren
More:

Mapping America s Most Popular Burger ChainsBy: Matt Lynch and Cody Kestigian
Credit: Jennifer Bui
Between fear-mongering documentaries and an ever-increasing number of people convinced they're allergic to gluten , it's tough out there in the burger game, but that hasn't stopped many a burger brand from taking hold of America's hearts, minds, and wallets. But mostly its hearts. But which of America's biggest burger chains are most beloved? And what parts of America love them?
To answer these questions, we crawled over 20,000,000 Foursquare check-ins to see how many people eat what type of burger and where. Then we calculated which brands over-indexed the highest in every county. Then we got really hungry and ate burgers until we passed out. Then we woke up and made this map, which you can look at in even greater detail via this enlarged version .
Keep reading (and picture-looking) for a detailed breakdown of each chain's imprint on this burger-loving country.
Credit: Jennifer Bui
Burger King
The king doesn't necessarily seem to reign (get it?!) in any one particular geographic area (though upstate NY seems to love a good Whopper). As you'll see with McDonald's and Wendy's, this particular approach is probably friendlier to regional chains with rabid followings as opposed to the biggest national powerhouses. Maybe its breakfast policy will change things?
Credit: Jennifer Bui
Carl's Jr.
An impressive showing from CJ out West, particularly in the less-populated areas of California and almost all of Alaska, where they demand their bacon ranch fries .
Credit: Jennifer Bui
Checkers
Checkers' presence is rather... checkered (boom!) across the Eastern portion of the United States, though it's pretty steady along the Gulf Coast.
Credit: Jennifer Bui
Culver's
It was kind of Wisconsin to share the ButterBurger with the rest of the country (or a good portion of it at least). While the rest of the country may love it, though, Wisconsin REALLY loves it.
Credit: Jennifer Bui
Dairy Queen
Tough to discern a real pattern in Dairy Queen's nationwide presence, although it seems to primarily be clustered away from major cities. Blizzard appreciation crosses all cultures.
Credit: Jennifer Bui
Five Guys Burgers and Fries
One of the fastest-growing burger presences in the country, Five Guys has expanded past its DC-area roots (where it still projects considerable influence), to become a dominant meat force along the Eastern Seaboard and in several large swaths of the Northwest.
Credit: Jennifer Bui
Hardee's
If you combine the imprint of fraternal burger twins Hardee's and Carl's Jr. (one of the most confusing arrangements in all of fast food), you get a pretty impressive national reach. Must be the creative advertising .

Online Privacy Protection Is Not Just About the NSAreddit
When news broke that the NSA had been intercepting communications and gathering large amounts of data on ordinary Americans, technology and communications companies across the spectrum from Google to Verizon rushed to assure consumers that they would stop helping the agency spy on its citizens.  That was good news to many Americans who are extremely uncomfortable with the idea of being under de facto surveillance by their own government.
However, while our tech giants might stonewall the U.S. government in its efforts to keep tabs on its citizens, it violates the privacy of those very citizens every day for profit, and no one can stop them.  They are, in effect, becoming a commercial version of the NSA minus even the goal of doing it to protect our security.
Google, for example, has been criticized by consumers (and in some cases, the courts) for prying into emails , collecting vast amounts of data about the browsing habits of users, bypassing anti-tracking features on mobile phones, and disturbingly even collecting private information from computers inside homes while mapping for street views.  Then of course there is Google (and many other companies') version of online stalking -- following your surfing habits to serve customized ads.  Sure, some of these things benefit users but at the heavy cost of their privacy.
Similarly, while WhatsApp, which is owned by Facebook, has just announced cutting-edge encryption to protect your messages from snoops, its parent company knows some of your most intimate life details and stores that data to serve you ads and shares that information with its marketing partners.
Long criticized for its casual approach to online privacy and sudden changes in policy that users often remain unaware of, Facebook has lately been trying to rectify its modus operandi (and image).  However, given that the "Facebook log-in" as a proxy for user accounts on different websites has now become commonplace, it's hard to see how even Facebook could protect your information when so many sites are effectively gaining access to your posts and pages.
This is part of the problem, of course.  Every time a user enters information about himself or herself somewhere on the Internet, there is a high chance that information will wind up somewhere else, usually as part of marketing partnerships.  That erodes our ability to control the spread of our data and compromises our privacy, and in some cases, safety (for example, when one of those partner sites gets hacked and our information is stolen).  Companies do provide legal privacy policies, but these are often so dense as to be unintelligible, and also full of clever tricks to fool consumers.
But is all this our own fault?  Partially, yes, since we are so addicted to technology that we have ceded ridiculous amounts of control to technology companies over our daily lives, our personal information, and our privacy.
However, if society is willing to regulate other addictive products with the potential to harm us, then why not technology?  This may sound extreme but it's not.  If you consider the vast amounts of damage that can be done to people's finances, career, reputation, and life through the illicit or even irresponsible use of the information they share online, you can see why the "product" that technology companies sell has the potential to be just as pernicious in its effects as, say, a cigarette.
User responsibility is important, but mandating safety standards for technology companies to better protect consumers online is just as critical.
And in the long run, technology companies themselves will benefit tremendously by earning the trust of the public.  If consumers feel secure that they can make online purchases, browse the web, or interact via social media without big brother watching them, they will be more likely to do all those things with increasing frequency (and therefore profitability for the technology sector).
The nuance here is that as far as consumers are concerned, big brother isn't just the NSA but anyone with the capability to follow them around in cyberspace.
Follow Sanjay Sanghoee on Twitter: www.twitter.com/sanghoee
More:

7 Mindfulness Tips for Happiness at Workreddit
So many people are miserable at work! Millions, it turns out. No matter what the "work" is -- corporate leaders, cashiers and food service employees, entrepreneurs -- we're a culture of misery when it comes to work.
And the costs of that misery are high indeed, both in the workplace, as well as for individuals. In this CDC article, depression "is estimated to cause 200 million lost workdays each year at a cost to employers of $17 to $44 billion."
Factor in stress, anxiety, plus OCD and other behaviors that can be the result of stress, anxiety and depression, and we're talking about an enormous cost.
The good news is that individuals have a great deal of control over their own happiness (as do organizational cultures, but that's a different article).
1. Control ... Sometimes It's Good
What/where is one area of your work life that you can control? Start small, and simple. Keeping part of your desk cleaned-up? Getting through your email box every day? Taking a regular morning and afternoon break, and getting outside and simply breathing for 10 minutes?
Any one small positive mindful action begins to reset your neural pathways. Which helps you begin feeling happier almost immediately. Which helps you be more productive. Which results in you feeling happier.
Which results in your co-workers and bosses feeling happier. See how it works?
"Studies show that people with a greater sense of control at work are more likely to have job and family satisfaction. They're also better at their jobs, research reveals."
2. Mindset ... Start Shifting It
Most people believe that once they're successful, then they'll be happier. The truth is the other way around: first, get happier. Then, you'll be more successful.
In turns out that happiness is probably the most misunderstood factor in on-the-job performance.
Work with your mindset first. Choose one of these simple activities and do it each day, for three weeks.
Three good things -- make a quick note at the end of the day of three things that were good. Doesn't have to relate to work activities ... what felt good this day?
Send one 1-sentence positive email to someone who's supportive of you.
Meditate at your desk for two minutes.
Shut your office door and do 10 minutes of yoga, or the New York Times 7-minute workout . No door? Walk for 10 minutes.
Keep a little notebook or electronic folder in your computer for making a quick daily note of the best thing that's happened in the past 24 hours. Two minutes tops.
At the end of three weeks, ask yourself if you're feeling a little bit better. More relaxed? Is it easier to deal with that one person who just makes you crazy? Did you get a little bit happier?
I'm not talking Everything's perfectly wonderful, and what a magical new world!
We're going for a little easier, just a bit more relaxed. Better is going in the right direction. Mindful attention helps us choose the best direction.
3. Who You Hanging With?
Studies that measure levels of happiness consistently find that social connections are hugely important. Not connected? Isolated? No one to hang with? Chances are you're less happy.
In The How of Happiness: A New Approach to Getting the Life You Want, Sonja Lyubomirsky says "the centrality of social connections to our health and well-being cannot be overstressed."
The enhanced feeling of community that results from positive social connections translates to lower absenteeism, burnout, and turnover, as well as increased motivation.
Pay attention to who's around you. Just notice whatever you notice.
If you're not comfortable with co-workers, bosses, colleagues, are there mindset shifts you can make to create more ease for yourself? Is there one person you can connect with on the job to help bolster your need for positive social connection?
If you work alone, get yourself some support: a mastermind group, a thriving family or tribe, a hiking meet-up group... something fun, with like-minded folks.
Breathe into your truth. Remember how much this matters. Notice what shows up. Then, choose consciously to start making one new connection this week.
4. Letting Go of White-Knuckling Control
Too many times people are miserable at work because that they're holding on to a storyline that just isn't true. Do you hear yourself saying That's OK, or This is good enough, or, I can make this work.
Don't pretend away the truth, that doesn't work anyway. Step off the moving sidewalk inside your head -- the one that's going nowhere. Find your breath, feel your low belly as you inhale and exhale.
From that quieter place, allow your deeper feelings to arise. Just let whatever is true be present. You can then begin to release some of that white-knuckling pretense that it's all OK if it isn't.
5. Love ... (or at least, Like)
You're not here, in Earth School, to be miserable. One of the top five reasons for women feeling miserable at work is that they're not happy about what they're doing because there's no positive meaning to it.
You're here to get some things done. And the rest of us need you to start doing what you're here to do. Honest.
If you're not loving (or at least liking) what you're doing, take some quiet time to begin cultivating a relationship with your passions and desires.
6. That Bitchy Factor
Just check it out. Are you a wee bit crankier than usual? Is everyone just gettin' on your last nerve?
Slow it all down (yes, you can ... minimal whining, please). Get yourself alone for five minutes (10 is better, but no need to stress out even more).
Ask yourself, What's going on? How do I really feel? Give your truth some space. Weep, wail, rage, curl up into a tiny little ball (it's only five minutes, remember? not forever).
Wow. What did you notice? Let it all be.
So much of the time, that bitchiness thing? It's a mask for feeling trapped. Making some space for the truth is the foundation of mindfulness. Whatever it is, it's OK.
7. What Work-Life Balance?!
Humans need balance. Bummer that our culture doesn't actually support it. The mindful solution? Stop relying on cultural ideas about "work." Start cultivating a relationship with your own values, and begin making choices from them.
Remember, any positive action you take to create more happiness in your work life results in less stress and anxiety. And more ease, and happiness.
Follow Melanie Harth, Ph.D., LMHC on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DrHarth
More:

Melanie Harth  Ph.D.  LMHCGET UPDATES FROM Melanie Harth, Ph.D., LMHC
 
Like
34
Melanie Harth is a psychologist-trained therapist and life coach. Many of her clients are artists, writers, and entrepreneurs. She's a writer/editor, and professional blogger.
Designing innovative stress reduction strategies to optimize personal and business success is her specialty.
Dr. Harth has a graduate degree in clinical psychology, and an interdisciplinary doctorate with a special focus on the psychology of creative process.
She has been a meditator for many years, studying Tibetan Buddhism with Dr. Reginald Ray, earth-based practices with Dr. Bill Plotkin’s Animas Valley Institute, and has completed the training in Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction. For more, go to www.melanieharth.com .
Entries by Melanie Harth, Ph.D., LMHC
7 Mindfulness Tips for Happiness at Work
(2) Comments | Posted November 19, 2014 | 12:14 PM
So many people are miserable at work! Millions, it turns out. No matter what the "work" is -- corporate leaders, cashiers and food service employees, entrepreneurs -- we're a culture of misery when it comes to work.
And the costs of that misery...
Women and Depression: New Research Data on Why We Need To Be Exercising
(1) Comments | Posted September 10, 2014 | 4:27 PM
So many reasons to exercise! Enhanced creativity. More focused productivity. Less anxiety and depression. Less confusion. Better aging.
Ahhh ... more peace of mind.
Depression wears many different faces. And it can have a negative impact on almost every area of living.
Depression and Women: Five Tips for Getting Help
(6) Comments | Posted August 18, 2014 | 9:28 AM
The recent suicide of Robin Williams is striking a strong cultural chord, as did suicides earlier this year by Philip Seymour Hoffman and L'Wren Scott.
The reported commonality among them? Depression. According to the World Health Organization report ,
Depressive disorders often start at a young age; they...
Mindfulness for Success: Top 3 Management Tips
(0) Comments | Posted August  7, 2014 | 5:32 PM
Running a successful business demands attention, especially these days. If you aren't consciously choosing where to put your attention, you're risking everything.
As William W. George, professor of management practice at Harvard Business School, former chairman and chief executive officer of Medtronic, and author of four best-selling books, said:
Leaders...
Bag Ladies, Money and Mindfulness
(0) Comments | Posted June 24, 2014 | 1:49 PM
For a little minute, I was a millionaire. But I was so ignorant of money matters, such a mind-less idiot about paying any attention whatsoever to dealing with it properly, so terrified of losing it... guess what?
I lost it all.

Were Fixated on the Wrong Labelsreddit
I've come to be quite a master of labels. Truly a connoisseur. Prada, Armani, Chanel, YSL -- I love them all. Clean and new, tailored and pressed, the labels that line my closet each have a story and represent my personal style. But there are other labels we use in our culture, that you can't take off at the end of the night. The ones that can't be washed with a little detergent, but can color throughout the course of a lifetime. And it's these labels that have caught my attention recently: gay, straight, black, white, male, female, poor, rich, fat, skinny ... the list goes on.
I see these labels as having little value, and yet they are used, traded and bought into faster than next season's collections at New York Fashion Week. America prides itself on being a melting pot of cultures, beliefs and histories. But, when given the chance to separate out all the ingredients, people often do. I'm an advocate for feeling proud to be who you are, but trying to fit someone else in a box leads to intolerance.
I read an article in a psychology journal that explained this a bit. It seems we build up our prejudices for several reasons, one being for our own self esteem. Defining people as "us" or "them" according to whatever criteria we're talking about makes us a part of something we like, and different from what we don't. Scientifically it's called " social identity theory ," but in life it's an old concept and something we teach our children not to do: Do not put others down to make you feel bigger or better.
I recognize there is a part of us, biologically, that notices our differences. She wears glasses. He has long hair. But we are also evolved enough to decide to make these labels important or pay no heed to them. There is a global conversation we're all a part of with every single sentence we utter. You may think no one's listening, or your one Tweet into a feed of thousands doesn't matter. But it does.
Each time we box someone else in, decide what or who they are, we assume the right to determine what is theirs: Their own true identity. Isn't it up to them to choose what they like and don't; who they really are and what they are a part of? Taking away the freedom of that discovery is a tragedy that effects the label-er and label-ee. One that leads to self-denial and more prejudices.
Even I get lumped into the name game. It seems that in every interview, people ask me if I'm gay. They don't ask me about how much I love my wife ('cause she's amazing). And they don't want to know about the charitable causes I'm committed to. Twitter is all abuzz speculating about my sex life. And I must say, I'm flattered. If you're talking about what I am doing in the bedroom, than at least you're interested. But if I was gay, then I would just be gay. Instead, I'm a man who cares about fashion and décor, has a thick southern accent, enjoys raising his kids, and loves being married to his soul mate, Julie. Doesn't it seem a little silly that it's more important what I do under the sheets than the legacy I am trying to leave behind for my children?
I'm not saying we should give up labels, but find more important ones to care about. How about "humanitarian" or "leader"? And I am a big fan of "healer," "genius" or "philanthropist." We should be a culture obsessed with talking about people's character over their personal lives. Could you imagine the tabloids printing feverishly to expose great parenting and community involvement? Envision the world we could create if our values and labels were based on fortitude, kindness and love.
When you think about it, does it really matter to you whom he is having sex with? Or whom she prays to? Or which race that family is a part of? Nothing's so cut and dry these days. My granddaughter has a white father and a black mother. She is the apple of my eye and will be raised knowing we are proud of both of her families and their very different histories. The only label that fits her is: "amazing."
Follow Todd Chrisley on Twitter: www.twitter.com/toddchrisley
More:

Qualcomm CEO: Will resolve China issues
If you absolutely *have* to go on TV to talk about politics  you should dress like Bill Richardson— Neda Semnani (@Neda_Semnani) June 24, 2012
When did Gov Bill Richardson start looking like Sebastian Cabot in a bolo tie?
— Holy Mountain (@Holy_Mountain) September 12, 2009
wondering who told Bill Richardson it was a good idea to wear a yellow mustard tie for his #dnc08 speech
— Frederic Guarino (@fredericg) August 29, 2008
PHOTOS: Bill Richardson Wore a Scarf During Every Second of His North Korea Trip -- http://t.co/uJ51sajB
— Dan Amira (@DanAmira) January 10, 2013
developing: Bill Richardson not -- repeat not -- wearing the scarf on Fox News
— E McMorris-Santoro (@EvanMcSan) January 11, 2013
Jaime Fuller reports on national politics for "The Fix" and Post Politics. She worked previously as an associate editor at the American Prospect, a political magazine based in Washington, D.C.

Obama may use Keystone pipeline as bargaining chipThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

New KVP norms silent on many frontsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India s coffee exports pegged at 5.02 million bags this year: USDAThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US-India working closely to deepen cooperationThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Government hurries Rs 40 000-crore stake sale in Coal India  ONGCThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Market regulator approves dipute settlement systemThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sebi to impose restrictions on wilful defaultersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sorry dear...its from my kid...seeems he also trying to say on rei agr...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Ha ha ha...dandapani paakkalaya...ungal pondaattiyode unaku mele kopam...Gold Member
14 Followers
Why dont u guys keep yr targets to yrself. If u think itll go to 9.. good then buy at that time.,. why waste yrs and ours time here. If u think u doing a social service by warning innocent investors then lol sorry i dont digest. Go and and join n NGO ...

6 more employees sacked....... check out below linkCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Iraq War Veterans Sue Major Banks For Processing Militant PaymentsIraq War Veterans Sue Major Banks For Alleged Role In Deadly Military Attacks
Reuters
(Adds four banks declining to comment in paragraph 3, adds law  professor in paragraphs 10-11)
By Alison Frankel
NEW YORK, Nov 10 (Reuters) - Wounded U.S. veterans and  family members of U.S. soldiers killed in Iraq sued five  European banks on Monday, seeking to hold them responsible for  shootings and roadside bombings because they allegedly processed  Iranian money that paid for the attacks.
The lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court in Brooklyn, New  York, named Barclays Plc, Credit Suisse Group AG  , HSBC Holdings Plc, Royal Bank of Scotland  Group Plc and Standard Chartered.
Barclays, Credit Suisse, RBS and Standard Chartered declined  to comment. HSBC did not respond to requests for comment.
The lawsuit was brought under the U.S. Anti-Terrorism Act, a  1992 law that permits victims to bring private suits against  alleged financiers of militant operations.
The lawsuit alleges the banks conspired with Iranian banks  to mask wire transactions in order to evade U.S. sanctions. The  Iranian banks then funneled more than $100 million to militant  groups that operated in Iraq at Iran's direction, according to  the suit.
The militant groups included a Shi'ite militia in Iraq,  Kataib Hezbollah, as well as Quds Force, the overseas arm of  Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, the suit says.
Since 2009, the five banks have agreed to pay about $3.2  billion to the U.S. government to resolve allegations that they  handled money in violation of sanctions against nations such as  Iran, Libya and Cuba. All the banks signed deferred prosecution  agreements with the U.S. Justice Department in addition to  settlements with U.S. banking regulators.
The agreements did not allege a link between the  transactions, which the U.S. government viewed as unlawful, and  militant operations.
Patrick Farr, a California-based plaintiff whose son Clay  was killed by a roadside bomb in February 2006, said the lawsuit  has given him "a sense that I was able to do something, hold  someone accountable for his death."
The case faces major obstacles, said Jimmy Gurule, a Notre  Dame University law professor. The Anti-Terrorism Act does not  specifically permit conspiracy claims, and federal courts in New  York have previously refused to permit cases to proceed unless  they allege a direct link between banks and militant attacks.
The law also bars claims for wartime injuries. "The law was  not intended to give a private right of action to soldiers in a  military conflict," Gurule said.
UNIQUE USE OF 1992 LAW
The suit is the first case under the Anti-Terrorism Act in  which former U.S. soldiers seek damages against international  banks. It is also one of the first to be crafted as a conspiracy  case.
The lawyers who filed the suit, Gary Osen and Tab Turner,  were part of a team that tried an Anti-Terrorism Act case  against Arab Bank earlier this year in Brooklyn.  Jurors found Arab Bank liable for financing 24 Hamas attacks in  Israel and the Palestinian Territories between 2001 and 2004.
That case linked Arab Bank specifically to wire transfers to  alleged Hamas leaders and payments to Palestinians killed,  injured and imprisoned in the anti-Israel uprising.
The new lawsuit does not assert a direct connection between  the European banks and the allegedly Iran-directed attacks  carried out in Iraq. Instead, the complaint claims that the  banks indirectly facilitated the attacks by entering into  agreements with Iranian banks to mask U.S. dollar wire  transactions sent through the United States.
"Each defendant understood that their conduct was part of a  larger scheme engineered by Iran," Osen said in an interview. At  a minimum, he said, the banks were "deliberately indifferent"  about the transactions they processed for Iran.
Osen said that through press accounts, declassified U.S.  military reports and documents posted by WikiLeaks, he built a  file on attacks on U.S. forces that were traceable to Iran. One  of the boldest attacks took place in January 2007, when  attackers dressed as American soldiers infiltrated a compound in  Kerbala, Iraq, and killed five U.S. military personnel.
Charlotte Freeman, whose husband Brian was one of the  soldiers killed in Kerbala, said she and her mother-in-law  decided to join the case to make a statement. "I never suspected  these big banks would turn a blind eye," she said. "Even if the  case doesn't get that far, at least the story is told. It needs  to be exposed."     (Reporting by Alison Frankel; Editing by David Ingram and Ross  Colvin)
More:

Walmart s Future Isn t The Big Box Storereddit
Walmart, the quintessential American retailer, is racing to catch up with the reality of Americans’ changing shopping habits.
Fewer Americans want to park their cars in giant lots and schlep to a big box store. Amazon.com and other online sites have made brick-and-mortar outlets with a wide array of items less necessary, while those items people require now can be easily picked up at smaller shops.
At the same time, a growing percentage of Americans live in cities, not Walmart's traditional turf. Between 2000 and 2010, the urban population increased by 12.1 percent compared to overall population growth of 9.7 percent, according to U.S. Census data.
The evidence of the new retail world was all there on Thursday when Walmart announced its sales for the previous three months .
For the first time in nearly two years, same-store sales at Walmart U.S. were up, rising 0.5 percent during the 13-week period ending Oct. 31. But sales at the chain's smaller neighborhood market stores, typically located in more urban areas, were up 5.5 percent. And the real star was online sales, including through the Walmart app: They were up 21 percent.
Clearly the growth is online and in small stores -- though that doesn't mean Walmart is walking away from the big box. Instead, the company sees these newer parts of its ecosystem as complementary to its traditional core business, said spokesman Randy Hargrove. Shoppers can stock up at supercenters and then use the neighborhood stores for spot needs, he said. Or they can shop online and pick up items at a physical Walmart.
"Supercenters are going to continue to be a very valuable part of how we do business," Hargrove said. "It's about getting closer to the customer, giving them the opportunity to dictate how they want to shop."
Indeed, supercenters still represent the bulk of Walmart's business. As of Oct. 31, the retail giant had 3,871 supercenters and discount stores in the U.S. and 431 neighborhood markets.
But the company is investing heavily in revamping its website and mobile apps. It has acquired more than a dozen technology companies in the past year, largely to poach talent.
Walmart has also been trying to extend its low-price mantra to the Internet, launching an online price-matching service earlier this year and offering its first Black Friday deals at Walmart.com just after midnight .
Stores will even match prices from Amazon , Walmart U.S. CEO Greg Foran said on a call with reporters Thursday. That announcement formalized a policy already in place at about half of its stores, he said.
In addition, Walmart is aggressively expanding its neighborhood market stores. The chain plans to add more than 170 such stores next quarter, Foran said on another call with analysts .
All of that may not be enough to turn Walmart’s U.S. business around. A note from analysts at Wolfe Research, published Wednesday before Walmart's earnings release, pointed out that the supercenters are plagued by competition from Walmart.com and nearby stores, staffing levels that are too low, and Walmart’s waning ability to crush competitors like Kroger when it comes to price.
“While the company has noted it has the time and the intestinal fortitude to fix its business, it appears it will cost a lot to really turn around the core supercenters,” the note said.
The elephant in the room continues to be Walmart's customers, who are still struggling to come back from the pain of the recession.
"Its core low-income consumer has been under pressure throughout the Great Recession and ensuing recovery, seeing little in the way of wage gains," Ken Perkins, the founder of data firm Retail Metrics, wrote in a report published Tuesday.
More:

How Restaurants Are Getting People To Put Away Their PhonesMost Americans say phones don’t belong at the table during meals , though the vast majority of millennials admit to checking their phones during dinner.
Concern over the practice has sparked some restaurants to encourage customers to put away their phones -- with mixed results, depending on the tactic.
Each Wednesday night at Sneaky’s Chicken in Sioux City, Iowa, servers ask guests if they’d like to put their phones in a special box during the meal. If they do, they get a 10 percent discount on their dinner. Christy Wright, who co-owns Sneaky’s with her parents and sister, said the policy took shape after her family members took a look at their own smartphone habits.
“We noticed that within our own family we were way too connected to our phones and thought maybe we could get others to join us [in disconnecting] for just a bit,” Wright told The Huffington Post.
Since the restaurant introduced the policy in September, only one or two groups of customers have declined to give up their phones -- and they needed to be reachable because they had sick family members, so Sneaky's gave them the discount anyway.
“Everybody loves it,” Wright said. “The staff is arguing over who’s going to work Wednesday night now.”
Sneaky’s isn’t the first restaurant to try to restrict phone use in its dining room. Jawdat Ibrahim, a restaurant owner in Israel, announced a whopping 50 percent discount last year for unplugging over dinner.
"Technology is very good. But just when you eat, just especially when you are with your family and your friends, you can just wait for half an hour and enjoy the food and enjoy the company," he told The Associated Press last year. "A lot of people, they sit down and they don't enjoy their food, their company."
Research has shown that having your smartphone within reach probably won’t make you a better dinner companion. Even if you’re not checking your email or Instagramming your brunch, the mere presence of a smartphone can reduce empathy and diminish a conversation between two people, according to a study published earlier this year in the journal Environment and Behavior.
For establishments that want their guests to unplug, incentives feel gentler than edicts.
Phones were banned at Rogue 24 in Washington, D.C., where diners were once required to sign a two-page reservation contract that included the policy, along with an onerous cancellation fee. The contract was reportedly met with outrage , revised and later discontinued.
Last year, the Los Angeles restaurant Bucato announced a policy against phones and photography in an attempt to curb “gastro ADD.” Some chefs argue that phones at the table can detract from not only the conversation but the taste of the food. Executive Chef Evan Funke told Los Angeles Magazine , “My cooks, my servers, everyone here takes a lot of care to get the food to you hot and perfect. By the time someone has taken a photo of it and posted it online, the dish is already cold and not perfect.”
Diners didn't love being prohibited from using their phones while paying to eat in a restaurant where entrees can run upward of $30. Reaction was also mixed when photos were banned at the Michelin-starred Chef’s Table at Brooklyn Fare in Brooklyn, N.Y. -- following attempts from several other elite New York chefs to restrict food photography.
But some restaurateurs see the upside of phones in front of their dishes: free advertising.
"These people are paying me and doing social media for me," Todd Thrasher of the speakeasy PX in Alexandria, Va., told USA Today. "It's the greatest thing ever for me."
More:

Adrian Peterson Suspended For Rest Of The SeasonAdrian Peterson Suspended Without Pay For At Least The Rest Of The Season
AP/The Huffington Post
Updated:
11/18/2014  1:59 pm EST
ST. LOUIS, MO - SEPTEMBER 7: Adrian Peterson #28 of the Minnesota Vikings looks on from the sideline during a game against the St. Louis Rams at the Edward Jones Dome on September 7, 2014 in St. Louis, Missouri.  The Vikings beat the Rams 34-6.  (Photo by Dilip Vishwanat/Getty Images) | Dilip Vishwanat via Getty Images
reddit
The NFL suspended Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson for at least the remainder of the 2014 season, without pay, for violating the league's Personal Conduct Policy . The violation stems from a child injury case, in which Peterson recently pleaded no contest to a misdemeanor charge of reckless assault for using a wooden switch to discipline his 4-year-old son.
ESPN's Adam Schefter reported that Peterson is appealing the suspension immediately .
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell explained the suspension in a letter to Peterson, writing that he has "shown no meaningful remorse" and that his reinstatement "will be based on the results of the counseling and treatment program set forth in this decision."
"Moreover, it appears that this is not the first time that you have punished children in this way. Public statements attributed to you indicate that you believe that this kind of discipline is appropriate and that you do not intend to stop disciplining your children this way," Goodell wrote.
The NFL Players Association issued its own statement shortly after Peterson was notified of the discipline, writing that the suspension is "another example of the credibility gap that exists between the agreements they make and the actions they take."
"The facts are that Adrian has asked for a meeting with Roger Goodell, the discipline imposed is inconsistent and an NFL executive told Adrian that his time on the Commissioner’s list would be considered as time served," the NFLPA said . "The NFLPA will appeal this suspension and will demand that a neutral arbitrator oversee the appeal."
Appearing on ESPN Radio's "Mike & Mike," NFLPA Director DeMaurice Smith called out the league for its "inconsistent" disciplinary process .
"The process that the NFL has employed since the beginning of the season has been arbitrary, inconsistent, uneven and inconsistent with collective bargaining agreement. And you know that our position, first and foremost, always stands on process. That's what our union is here to do on behalf of our players. And you get the feeling that the NFL over the last few months has simply been making it up as they go along," Smith said. "And that is something that is not in the best interest in the game, certainly not in the best interest in the players and I know not in the best interest of our sponsors."
More from the Associated Press:
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Adrian Peterson was suspended without pay for at least the rest of the season by the NFL on Tuesday.
The league said it informed the Minnesota Vikings running back in a letter from Commissioner Roger Goodell that he will not be considered for reinstatement before April 15 for violating the NFL personal conduct policy — the first example of the league's crackdown on players involved with domestic violence.
The NFL Players Association quickly announced its plan to appeal, sharply rebuked the league's alleged inconsistency and unfairness in the process. The NFL's words were even stronger, with a nearly 1,600-word statement spelling out his path to a return to the field and describing the reasons for the punishment.
Peterson pleaded no contest Nov. 4 to misdemeanor reckless assault in Texas for injuries to his 4-year-old son with a wooden switch. He said he intended no harm, only discipline. Peterson was on a special exempt list at the sole discretion of NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell, essentially paid leave while the case went through the legal system.
The NFLPA said Peterson was told that would count as time served for any suspension levied, citing an unnamed NFL executive. League spokesman Brian McCarthy said by email the stay on the exempt list was taken into account.
"There were aggravating circumstances that led to the discipline announced," McCarthy said.
Peterson's salary for the season was $11.75 million. He will keep the pay accrued while on the exempt list.
Peterson's agent, Ben Dogra, told The Associated Press he and his client were scheduled for a conference call Tuesday with the NFLPA to discuss options.
"We look forward to filing an immediate appeal and coming to a resolution for Adrian Peterson that would be appropriate under the circumstances," Dogra said.
The Vikings don't practice Tuesdays. The organization issued a brief statement: "We respect the league's decision and will have no further comment at this time."
Goodell announced on Aug. 28 that the league would toughen punishment for players involved with domestic violence. That action stemmed from a torrent of criticism for the initial leniency toward Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice following a caught-on-camera knockout punch of the woman who is now his wife.
The Vikings (4-6) have six games left this season. The league's enhanced policy calls for a six-game suspension for first offenses of assault, battery or domestic violence. Aggravating circumstances warrant higher levels of discipline, and Goodell's letter to Peterson spelled that out.
Goodell pointed to the child's age and the significant physical difference between Peterson and his son.
"Further, the injury inflicted on your son includes the emotional and psychological trauma to a young child who suffers criminal physical abuse at the hands of his father," Goodell wrote. "Second, the repetitive use of a switch in this instance is the functional equivalent of a weapon, particularly in the hands of someone with the strength of an accomplished professional athlete."
Goodell also came down on Peterson for showing "no meaningful remorse" for hurting the boy and expressed concern that he "may feel free to engage in similar conduct in the future."
The union has accused the league of overstepping bounds spelled out in the collective bargaining agreement.
"The decision by the NFL to suspend Adrian Peterson is another example of the credibility gap that exists between the agreements they make and the actions they take. Since Adrian's legal matter was adjudicated, the NFL has ignored their obligations and attempted to impose a new and arbitrary disciplinary proceeding," the NFLPA said.
___
AP NFL websites: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Earlier on HuffPost:

Jacoby a HOF semifinalist againBy Mike Jones November 19 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Former Redskins offensive lineman Joe Jacoby is one of 26 semifinalists for the 2015 Pro Football Hall of Fame class.
This represents the fifth time that Jacoby, one of the members of the famed Hogs of the 1980s and early ’90s, has reached the semifinal round. It’s the fourth consecutive year that Jacoby has reached the semifinals.
An All-Pro twice during his career, which spanned from 1981-93, and a four-time Pro Bowler, Jacoby helped the Redskins win three Super Bowls and also was voted one of the 70 Greatest Redskins in 2002.
The list of 26 semifinalists will be cut to 15 in January.
Four other linemen are semifinalists. Orlando Pace, Mike Kenn, Will Shields and center Kevin Mawae join Jacoby on the list.
The others semifinalists include Morten Andersen, Steve Atwater, Jerome Bettis, Tim Brown, Isaac Bruce, Don Coryell, Roger Craig, Terrell Davis, Tony Dungy, Kevin Greene, Charles Haley, Marvin Harrison, Torry Holt, Edgerrin James, Jimmy Johnson, Ty Law, John Lynch, Karl Mecklenburg, Junior Seau, Kurt Warner and Darren Woodson.
Mike Jones covers the Washington Redskins for The Washington Post. When not writing about a Redskins development of some kind – which is rare – he can be found screaming and cheering at one of his kids’ softball, baseball, soccer or basketball games.

Democrats face major challenges in selling executive actionBy Greg Sargent November 19 Follow @theplumlinegs
It’s on: President Obama is set to address the nation tomorrow night at 8:00 p.m. on his expected plans to shield millions from deportations and fix the immigration system in whatever other ways he unilaterally can.
And right one cue comes a new NBC/WSJ poll finding that only 38 percent of Americans support the pending executive action, while 48 percent oppose it.
The poll’s question wording calls this an “executive order,” and describes this action as an alternative to Congress passing immigration reform. Similarly, yesterday’s USA Today poll , which found the public more closely divided on executive action, also leaned hard into the idea that Congress acting was a legitimate possibility. Of course, House Republicans have had a year and a half to act on the Senate’s comprehensive immigration reform bill, but they haven’t voted on that proposal — or even on their own proposals — and there’s no reason to assume Republicans will act anytime soon. One wonders how Americans would react if pollsters presented them with a choice between executive action and no action at all.
That said, there is little question that Democrats face a major challenge in persuading the public to support what Obama is set to announce tomorrow. The NBC poll tells the story nicely: While only 38 percent support executive action, it also finds that 57 percent support a path to citizenship for all undocumented immigrants, which suggests that even people who agree with Democrats on what needs to be done on immigration may have a tough time accepting unilateral action on the issue.
But to understand how Democrats may seek to deal with this problem, the number you want to look at is this one:
The new NBC/WSJ poll also finds a majority of Americans (57 percent) favoring a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants, and that increases to 74 percent when respondents are told that such a pathway requires paying fines and back taxes, as well as passing a security background check.
When Americans are told that there are conditions attached to legalization, support jumps substantially. I wouldn’t be surprised if this is how Democrats talk about Obama’s expected action. While Republicans will attack the proposal, which will include work permits to a few million people, as a giveaway to a core constituency — one that will take jobs away from Americans — Democrats may seek to reframe it as a matter of accountability and fairness, as a way for people to “get right with the law” in ways that benefit the country.
Obama’s action will bring a few million people out of the shadows and on to the books, requiring them to undergo background checks, and Democrats have already argued that bringing all these people into the light will make sure they are paying their taxes. Dems — and even some Republicans — who favor immigration reform have long argued that what we have now amounts to a form of amnesty, with 11 million undocumented immigrants held unaccountable. As Senator Marco Rubio once put it , in calling on fellow Republicans to support legislative immigration reform:
“The proposal deals with those who are illegally here now in a reasonable but responsible way. Right now, those here illegally are living in de facto amnesty. They are unregistered, many pay no taxes, and few will ever pay any price for having violated our laws.
“Under this bill they will have to come forward, pass background checks, pay a fine, start paying taxes, and be ineligible for welfare, food stamps or ObamaCare. In return, the only thing they get is a temporary work permit.”
While the American people are likely to be considerably more skeptical about executive action than they have been about legislative immigration reform, accountability appears to have been one of the latter’s key selling points. And so I wouldn’t be surprised if we hear similar language from Democrats in selling the action Obama will announce tomorrow.
 
Greg Sargent writes The Plum Line blog, a reported opinion blog with a liberal slant -- what you might call “opinionated reporting” from the left.

Sushi plant to open in South ElginFuji Food Products will expand its reach into the Midwest with the opening of the 40,000-square-foot plant in the suburb. It will be the company's third facility that handles the national distribution of organic single-serve and family-size prepared meals.
Fuji's customers also include SuperValu, Safeway, Meijer and 7-Eleven, according to a spokeswoman.

Modi-Sharif meeting can be facilitated at SAARCsummitPrint
Written by Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:47 am
The leaders of SAARC countries can “facilitate” a meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif during the “informal” sessions of the summit on November 26 and 27,  said Nepal foreign minister Mahendra Bahadur Pandey.
Pandey, speaking to The Indian Express over telephone from Kathmandu, also said that “three agreements on energy, rail connectivity and motor vehicles will be signed” at the 18th SAARC (South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation) summit, which is being hosted by Nepal.
When asked whether strained relations between India and Pakistan were a challenge for the eight-member grouping, the minister said, “During the informal sessions of the summit, we can facilitate a meeting between the two leaders. The two countries can sit together and peacefully resolve issues. A conflicting situation is not desirable… Look, the two countries got their Independence around the same time, they were partitioned… the important thing is they should sit together and talk peacefully.”
The Nepalese minister’s comments assume significance in the wake of reluctance of New Delhi and Islamabad to ask for a meeting between the two Prime Ministers. If the meeting takes place, it would be their second meeting since Modi took charge as PM — as Sharif had attended the swearing-in ceremony in May this year. “Peace”, Pandey said, “is needed for the prosperity of the region” and “counter-terrorism” was one of the topics on the agenda, which would be discussed during the summit.
“Maintaining peace and harmony in the region by controlling terrorist activities,” he said. According to officials, the SAARC nations are likely to sign three framework agreements in Kathmandu for establishing rail, road and electricity connectivity.
The three deals — Agreement for the Regulation of Passenger and Cargo Vehicular Traffic amongst SAARC Member States, SAARC Regional Agreement on Railways and SAARC Framework Agreement for Energy Cooperation (Electricity) — have been negotiated over the past three years.
Nepal foreign minister said that the theme for the Kathmandu Summit is “Deeper Integration for Peace, Progress and Prosperity”. The idea of the three deals came from the Declaration of the 16th Summit in Bhutan styled “2010-20, Decade of Intra-Regional Connectivity in SAARC”. When signed, the agreements would pave the way for building direct connectivity and providing better access to economic activities among the SAARC states and people of the region.
Modi to gift Bodhi sapling to Nepal
Dehradun: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will gift a “sapling” of Bodh Gaya’s sacred Bodhi tree to Nepal during his two-day visit on November 26 and 27. A team of Dehradun-based Forest Research Institute (FRI), led by scientist Dr Amit Pandey, head, Forest Pathology, has already gone to Bodh Gaya to examine the condition of the sapling. “Ministry of External Affairs has approached us to examine the Bodhi sapling which the PM would present to his Nepal counterpart,” said NSK Harsha Kumar, a senior scientist.     ENS

New Kurdish offensive targets Islamic StategroupKurdish forces, backed by US-led airstrikes, launched a new offensive Wednesday targeting the Islamic State group.
By: Associated Press | Baghdad | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:41 am
Kurdish forces, backed by US-led airstrikes, launched a new offensive Wednesday targeting the Islamic State group in areas of Iraq that the extremists had captured this past summer.
The operation came as Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said details haven’t been finalized for a deal that would have his country train rebels to battle IS in Syria, where the militants also hold territory.
A US-led coalition is targeting IS from the sky in Iraq and Syria, supporting Western-backed Syrian rebels, Kurdish fighters and the Iraqi military on the ground. The strikes have helped halt the extremists’ move to take the Syrian city of Kobani near the Turkish border, and enabled Iraqi forces to make key advances.
The US Central Command said that the US and allied nations have conducted 24 airstrikes against IS militants in Iraq since Monday, a majority near the city of Kirkuk. In Syria this week, the coalition has carried out six airstrikes against IS and one against the so-called Khorasan group, which Washington says is a special cell that is plotting attacks against Western interests. Most of the strikes targeting IS in Syria took place in Kobani, according to the statement.
On Tuesday, the Kurds captured six IS-controlled buildings in Kobani and confiscated a large amount of weapons and ammunition, the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
In Iraq, the new offensive by Kurdish forces, known as the peshmerga, targeted areas in Diyala and Kirkuk provinces, said Jaber Yawer, a peshmerga spokesman. The IS extremists had seized the territory in their August offensive that saw them capture a third of Iraq.
In Diyala, the peshmerga worked with Iraqi security forces to retake the towns of Saadiya and Jalula, Yawer said. In Kirkuk, Kurdish forces backed by coalition airstrikes launched attacks to retake territory near the town of Kharbaroot, located 35 kilometers (22 miles) west of the city of Kirkuk.
The offensive began as a suicide car bomber struck in the heart of Irbil, killing at least five people, officials said. No group immediately claimed responsibility for the midday attack in the capital of the semi-autonomous Kurdish region, though authorities suspected the Islamic State group. Authorities also suspected IS in three Baghdad bombings that killed at least 10 people and wounded almost 30.
Turkey, while previously backing Syrian rebels fighting to topple President Bashar Assad, has been hesitant to aid the Kobani fight over its own fears about stoking Kurdish ambitions for an independent state. On Wednesday, Erdogan said no deal had been finalized for Turkey to train rebels under the auspices of the US-led operation against IS.
“If we only talk about train and equip, we would be lying to ourselves,” Erdogan said, reiterating that overthrowing Assad must be a priority as well.
Retired Marine Gen. John Allen, the US envoy for the continued…

5 Startup Secrets For Womenreddit
For the majority of women in the world, entrepreneurship is a necessity--there are no jobs or other options for their immediate family members to sustain themselves. It is a means of survival that ensures food, shelter, and clothing for them and their families.
Being a woman in a developed country means that we have more options and entrepreneurship can be a choice. It's a privilege to be able to decide what we want to do with our careers. Creating value and solving problems is at the core of entrepreneurship no matter where you are in the world. In the U.S., women-led startups account for 11% of all companies. Globally, women run 37% of businesses. Yet, less than 5% of women-led companies are funded by venture capital funds. While the startup ecosystem is aware of this, the natural inclination is to invest in people that are similar to us. As of now, the investing community is predominantly made up of white men investing in other white men.
Unlike men, I find women are much more likely to ask the question, "What if?" Starting anything is challenging, but our tendency to overthink can prevent us from making the first step. Fear alone can stop you before you even begin. I spent years contemplating different startup ideas, but didn't take action because I was afraid. I let my thoughts about the risk of failure, humiliation, and criticism that would come along the way overwhelm my desire to start a new career on my own terms. Also, depending on where you are in life, you might have other people to keep in mind besides yourself that can increase the risks. In any case, the biggest risk is not trying. You'll never know what you're capable of until you take yourself not just to the edge, but jump off of it entirely. Take a risk on yourself: go after your dream and dream big while you're at. Go big or go home.
Share and discuss your ideas. It may seem scary and counterintuitive, but you need feedback and advice from people around you. Don't share detailed information--trade secrets, patent pending, etc.--but keeping your ideas to yourself will get you nowhere.
Surround yourself with other female entrepreneurs. It's possible to be a single founder, but you need support. There are issues only female founders encounter, so make sure to get yourself plugged in--try forming your own group of female founders and meet up regularly. There are also groups like Women 2.0, Wonder Women of Boston, and many more are out there waiting for your perspective and enthusiasm.
Stop thinking about your idea(s) and make a list of actionable steps you can take everyday to work towards your startup. Get a notebook or put that smart phone to use!
Sign up for events and accelerator programs. Learn about resources, ideas, and be inspired. You never know how your idea might change through the conversations you have with people and the programs you participate in. In Boston, Greenhorn Connect is a great site with events and resources. A search on Meetup or Eventbrite is another great way to find events happening around your area. Accelerator programs like MassChallenge , TechStars, Blade, and Y Combinator are just the tip of the iceberg. Find the right program fit for your startup.
Support other women entrepreneurs. Offer you time and network to share what you know with others. You can help out women you already know or volunteer your time at the Center for Women and Enterprise , your alma mater, or at accelerator programs.
I can't wait to see the day when the percentage of women-led startups will no longer make headlines, but will rather be the norm. Jobs are created by startups, which fuel our economy. Take the leap of faith today and begin your startup or help a fellow woman out so that we can collectively, as women, continue to even the playing field for all of our sisters. Be fearless, be confident, become the person you've always wanted to be on this Women's Entrepreneurship Day . Let's get everyone, not just women, involved in taking the pledge to support women. It can be Small Business Saturday, or Giving Tuesday.
" Empower , celebrate, and support women in business and build a strong network for change worldwide. By empowering a woman you're supporting her, her family and her community. Working as a team, we can make this world a better place for women everywhere!"
Follow Susan Liang on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@L_suesue
More:

Breaking a Silence -- Colleges and the Changing World of Workreddit
"The Changing World of Work -- What Do We Need of Higher Education?" On January 21, 2015 at the National Press Club in Washington, a group of civic, educational, business, labor and community groups will launch a national conversation on this question.
Nancy Cantor, Chancellor of Rutgers-Newark, David Mathews, President of the Kettering Foundation, Jamie Studley, Deputy Undersecretary of Education, Byron White, Vice President for Community Engagement at Cleveland State University and others will discuss the challenges facing the country because  of technological change, globalization and the aftermath of the Great Recession.  Bill Muse, president of the National Issues Forum and I, representing Augsburg College and coordinator of the design team for the conversation, will discuss the rationale.
Wages have been stagnate for years.  As Steven Baker put it in the New York Times , the recession, "devastating for working people everywhere in America," followed decades of largely flat wages.
Moreover, the nature of work relations are changing dramatically. More and more employers depend on contingent workers -- freelancers, independent contractors, temporary employees.  Contingent workers are about one-third of all US workers. The percentage is expected to rise overall to 40 percent by the year 2020. More than half the teachers in higher education are contract instructors, with little or no job security.
Changes in the world of work may be as sweeping as the Industrial Revolution. Most Americans are worried and feel powerless to do much about them.  Today's policy discussions focus on how to prepare college students for the fast-changing workforce and related issues such as cost-cutting, student debt, STEM and distance learning.
But discussions over the last two years on the purpose of higher education which form a background of this national conversation have shown another dynamic.
There is a gap between today's policy debates and the deeper concerns of the citizenry.  One woman in Kansas, quoted in Divided We Fail , Jean Johnson's report on an earlier nation-wide conversation, "Shaping Our Future," on the purposes of higher education, expressed the widespread view that higher education should get students out of their bubbles. "If you have a higher education...you've been exposed to different cultures, different lifestyles, different religions, different belief systems. You have a heart and mind that are both opened."
"Shaping Our Future" involved several thousand students, parents, professors, employers and others. The forums not only surfaced the ideal of an education which opens hearts and minds, but also worry about what's being lost.  In Maryland, a senior citizen said that higher education "used to be the kind of thing that created our thinkers and our leaders...they would have that broad array of courses and ideas and cultures."
Others argued that the society has lost sight of education's true meaning. "When people are worried about going to school to get the job, to make money..education, in and of itself, is no longer sacred," said one man in Colorado.
I was reminded of the opening chapter in Betty Friedan's 1964 book, The Feminine Mystique, which helped to launch the modern women's movement.
The problem lay buried, unspoken, for many years... It was a strange stirring, a sense of dissatisfaction...There was no word of this yearning in the millions of words written about women, for women, in all the columns, books and articles by experts telling women their role.
Women felt isolated, thinking that everyone else was fulfilled.
Each suburban wife struggled with it alone. As she made the beds, shopped for groceries, matched slipcover material, ate peanut butter sandwiches with her children, chauffeured Cub Scouts and Brownies, lay beside her husband at night -- she was afraid to ask even of herself the silent question: 'Is this all?'
Over the last year, we have heard many more examples of naming problems without names. Building on "Shaping Our Future," a design team with representatives of six colleges and universities in the Twin Cites -- Augsburg, Century College, Hamline University, Metropolitan State University, Minneapolis Community and Technical College and St. Paul College -- and Minnesota Campus Compact listened to concerns from more than a thousand people about the changing world of work and higher education. The conversations also acquainted people with the history and current examples of higher education's public and democratic contributions, largely unknown or forgotten in today's environment, when colleges usually bill themselves as a ticket to individual economic success and career advance.
Conversations surfaced the same unease about the individualist orientation of today's education which we had heard in "Shaping Our Future." People raised searching questions about the meaning of "success" and the American Dream, as well as today's reliance on electing leaders to solve our problems for us -- the very  meaning of "democracy" in conventional discussion, which defines democracy as simply elections.
People generally begin feeling overwhelmed by the changes taking place. The first option in the forthcoming issue guide is that colleges should prepare students for jobs. This is the option most people have heard about and the only thing that seems possible and realistic.
But options two and three expand the conversation dramatically with many real world examples:
• Educate for leadership and change. It's higher education's duty to develop effective citizen leaders -- men and women who can create jobs, effect change and build a better society.
• Build robust communities. Colleges and universities are vital anchor institutions in their local communities. They need to harness that power to create social change and drive economic development.
These options help people to develop a public language for talking about their submerged worries and discontents. As people hear stories of a wider range of possibilities, the discussion generates a change in mood, a shift from "me" to "we."
By itself, the conversation on the changing world of work and higher education's role is not going to transform public policy. But it may help break a silence.
And if it catalyzes many more conversations and public work growing out of them, we could develop the public will to build the educational system which we need.
More:

US state woman charged in Islamic State terror casedetainedA woman charged with lying to investigators about supporting the Islamic State militant group will remain in jail.
By: Associated Press | Richmond | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:07 am
A Virginia woman charged with lying to federal investigators about supporting the Islamic State militant group will remain in jail while she awaits trial.
Heather Elizabeth Coffman waived her right to a detention hearing during a brief appearance Wednesday in federal court in Virginia. No further court dates have been set.
According to an affidavit filed by an FBI agent, the 29-year-old Coffman’s Facebook posts supporting the extremist organization prompted an undercover investigation.
The FBI says she talked about making arrangements for her husband to train and fight with the group in Syria, only to have him back out when they split up. The FBI says Coffman offered to make similar arrangements for the undercover agent.
A judge has barred lawyers from discussing the case publicly.

KVS relaxes norms forstudentsPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:03 am
The Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan has relaxed norms for students in Classes VI to VII who opted for German as a third language, including postponing formative assessments and teaching only basics of the new language they opt for.
In a circular, KVS said the third language will be taught for such students with the syllabus of the first-term of Class VI and even for those children in class VII and VIII who had taken German as a third language.  “To further facilitate these students, the grades obtained by them for the earlier term would be considered for finalising the compilation of results for their totals in the third language,” it said.

German envoy meets Sanskrit teachers  Batra toopresentPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:01 am
Amid controversy over replacing German with Sanskrit as a third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas, a German delegation, led by Ambassador Michael Steiner, on Wednesday reached out to the Sanskrit Shikshak Sangh (SSS) in a bid to resolve the issue.
RSS ideologue Dina Nath Batra, convener of Shiksha Bachao Andolan Samiti, was present during the meeting.
Steiner had sought a meeting with the SSS, which had moved the Delhi High Court alleging that the Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan introduced German as a third language replacing Sanskrit, to seek cooperation for promotion of the two languages.
The SSS claimed Batra was present at the meeting merely because they were using “his office space”.
“We had very cordial discussions. He asked us why we were against German and we explained to him that it was not German that we were against, but that we only wanted to ensure our National Education Policy and Three Language Formula were not violated. He was satisfied with what we said,” D K Jha, president of the Sanskrit teachers body, told The Indian Express.
“Batraji had no role to play (in the meeting)…. he did not contribute to the discussion at all,” Jha asserted.
The Ambassador, it has been learnt, made it clear that he was not seeking a solution from the SSS, and the solution would be found within the government framework.
During the meeting, which lasted for more than one hour, both the sides asserted that they were on the “same page”, sources said. They also agreed that the two languages could “co-exist”.
The German delegation sought more cooperation for promotion of the two languages with Steiner proposing a conference for promotion of German and Sanskrit for fostering closer cultural ties, to which both sides agreed.
After the meeting, Steiner tweeted: “In-depth exchange with Sanskrit Shikshak Sangh leaders on Sanskrit & German in very friendly atmosphere.”
“Sanskrit Shikshak Sangh supported my idea to organize, early 2015, conference on Indo-Germanic language family (sic),” he said in another tweet.  This meeting comes a few days after German Chancellor Angela Merkel raised the issue with PM Narendra Modi on the sidelines of the G-20 Summit in Brisbane.

Expect India to pursue ties openly  saysIsraelPrint
Written by Sagnik Chowdhury | Tel Aviv/jerusalem | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:54 am
Israel is keen to capitalise on what it perceives as a change in New Delhi’s approach towards the ties between the two countries, top Israeli government sources said.
The sources added that Israel hopes the Free Trade Agreement between the two nations, which is being negotiated since 2010, finally materialises. “Being a superpower, we expect India to break out of its shell and openly pursue strategic and enonomic relations with Israel if it pleases, regardless of what others in the region may feel. This is the change that we are clearly seeing now from India. After all, the traditional stance of non-alignment is redundant now. Who are you going to be non-aligned with?” a senior Israeli government official said.
He was quick to add that diplomatic ties between the two countries were strong even during the UPA government’s rule. “We are clear that India’s ties with other nations does not affect our bilateral relations. As in any close relationship, we can disagree on certain issues.”
The official further added that as part of the bilateral relationship, Israel expects enhanced cooperation in research and development in sectors such as agriculture and water management, besides defence and homeland security.
“We would, of course, like the Free Trade Agreement to be worked out,” said the official.
During his visit to India in October last year, Israel’s minister of economy Naftelli Bennet had estimated that bilateral trade between India and Israel, that stood at US$ 5 billion in 2013 (excluding defence sales), could double in the next five years if the Free Trade Agreement was worked out.
A senior Israel defence ministry official summed up current ties with India  as, “The sky is the limit, and India will get whatever defence platform or technology she wants.”
He added: “If India wants the sophisticated technology behind the Iron Dome system to tweak it as per its own security needs, even that is possible. We are in this relationship for the long haul and view it as a marriage. That is why we are clear that we will not sell to Pakistan.”
Senior Israel government officials also said that while Israel maintained economic ties with China, it does not consider it a strategic relationship.
Reiterating that Israel had extended a standing invitation to Prime Minister Narendra Modi to visit the country, a senior official in Israel’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said, “The visit of Home Minister Rajnath Singh earlier this month was very significant”.
The official further added, “We would now love to see some of our officials visiting New Delhi.”

Watch Maryland President Wallace D. Loh lead a chant during Terps win in Big Ten mens soccer championshipBy Scott Allen November 19 Follow @ScottSAllen
Maryland President Wallace D. Loh (red jacket) cheers with ‘The Crew.’ (Via Maryland Men’s Soccer)
Maryland men’s soccer midfielder Mael Corboz’s free kick in the 86th minute of the Big Ten championship game Sunday lifted the Terps to a 2-1 win over Indiana and their first conference title in any sport since they left the ACC.
“There was a large aura of confidence when he stepped up to that ball that something special was going to happen,”  Maryland coach Sasho Cirovski said . “Apart from a special goal, this was destined for overtime.”
The Ludwig Field crowd erupted after Corboz’s special goal, a top-shelf missile that was featured on SportsCenter’s Top Plays. Corboz and his teammates ran to celebrate with ‘The Crew,’ the Terps’ loyal supporters section, which on this day featured school president Wallace D. Loh.
Loh, who attended other matches during the season but had not stood with ‘The Crew,’ helped lead a chant after Corboz’s game-winning strike.
Crew member Annie Tsay shared the following video of Corboz’s goal. (Warning: It features a lot of screaming.)
Maryland earned the No. 4 overall seed in the NCAA tournament and will host the winner of Thursday’s match between Wake Forest and UMBC on Sunday in College Park. The Terps are unbeaten in 11 consecutive matches.
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

The rise of the social entrepreneur
Give Americans A $2000 Check From "Deferred" Corporate Taxesreddit
U.S. multinational corporations are hoarding an estimated $2 trillion "offshore" to take advantage of a loophole in our tax laws. At our 35 percent top federal corporate tax rate, that represents up to $700 billion in taxes owed but "deferred" because they are "offshore." This is not imaginary or future money; it is taxes owed on $2 trillion of profits these companies have already made. Who should get this money?
A loophole in the corporate tax code allows companies to "defer" paying taxes on profits made outside of the U.S. until they "repatriate" it -- bring the money back to the U.S. Because of this loophole corporations are holding an estimated $2 trillion of profits "offshore." Companies are increasingly moving jobs, production and profit centers out of the country to take advantage of this scheme -- or are engaging in schemes to make it look like they are. (The amount is increasing 11.8 percent a year and the rate of increase is increasing as well.)
That $700 billion is serious money. Washington lobbyists are working with Congress to come up with various corporate tax "reform" schemes designed to let the corporations off the hook for much of this tax bill -- and to lower their future tax bills as well.
The most popular "centrist" idea is to let the corporations just keep much or most of the tax money they owe, if only they would just let us use some of it to maintain our country's infrastructure. Going along with this would reward these companies for engaging in schemes to "offshore" jobs, production and profit centers, thereby moving (or making it appear that they moved) these profits out of the country -- and certainly would encourage doing even more of this from now on.
Send a $2,000 Check to Every Adult -- AND Fix Our Infrastructure
Instead of letting these companies off the hook for this tax bill, here is an alternative idea: Let's collect the taxes that are due on these profits that have already been made, send every adult in the U.S. a check for $2,000, and use what's left over to fix up our infrastructure.
This is real money, and a lot of it.  Instead of making a "deal" on deferment and letting the corporations just keep this money they owe us, let's fix this loophole and give most of this tax money to the 242 million U.S. residents over 18 as a $2,000 check. What's left over (and there might be a lot -- as much as $215 billion) can be used to fix our infrastructure and other priorities like research and development, fighting Ebola and other diseases, forgiving student debt -- you name it.
This is about who gets the money. Do we give the tax money that is already owed to We the People, or do we let the giant corporations just keep it? By making this about a $2,000 check directly to every adult, it becomes personal. It becomes an issue of real money in people's pockets, not some distant sum that "government" uses for their own good but that people never really feel or touch. Sending people a $2,000 check turns this battle over this money into a personal fight, not just some nebulous, distant, complicated government policy issue.
Who Should Get the Money?
By the way, when we talk about "corporate" money and corporate tax cuts, this is what -- more accurately "who" -- we are really talking about:
The top 1 percent own 50.9 percent of all stocks, bonds, and mutual fund assets. The top 10 percent own 90.3 percent. The bottom half of all of us own 0.5 percent -- one-half of one percent. That was 2007 -- the top few have only increased their ownership percentages since.
This is about who gets the money. There is up to $700 billion in taxes due and someone is going to get that money. By making this about a $2,000 check to each adult American vs. billions to the owners of the giant corporations, we're making the "who gets the money" argument personal instead of abstract.
Effect On Economy
What happens to our economy if every adult gets a $2,000 check? How much hiring happens in local stores, etc?
What happens to our economy with up to $215 billion going into infrastructure work, with the related hiring and purchases of supplies?
What happens to our economy if companies lose the incentive to move jobs, production and profit centers offshore to take advantage of this loophole?
But wait, there's more. There's also that other $1.3 trillion -- the "after tax" part that is offshore, too. If we do something about this deferment scam companies would lose the incentive to move jobs, production and profit centers out of the country to make it look like their profits are made elsewhere, and would "bring that money back." The money would either be invested in the corporation or distributed to shareholders. This would be a big stimulus to the economy either way.
The Numbers
There's as much as $2 trillion (maybe more) sitting offshore representing up to $700 billion in taxes owed at the top tax rate of 35 percent. (Taxes already paid to other countries are subtracted from what is owed here. This is why the tax bill is "up to" $700 billion. State taxes are also due on these profits, this article concerns itself with the federal share.)
According to the Census Bureau's QuickFacts there were 316,128,839 Americans in 2013, 23.3 percent of them under 18, leaving 242,470,819 adults.
Sending a $2,000 check to 242.5 million adults costs about $485 billion. Up to $700 billion owed minus $485 billion leaves up to $215 billion for infrastructure and other priorities.
Summary
It's a great way to accomplish several things that are good for the country:
1) Get cash to people right now. Helicoptered in, $700 billion would make a very big difference that people would feel now and the economy would feel for a while.
2) A $2,000 check shows people how corporate tax breaks are seriously costing them.
3) This puts pressure on "corporate tax reform" deals that reward the corporations by letting them keep any of it.
5) The best part is these companies already owe the money. This is about who gets the money that is owed to We the People. It makes the "We the People" part personal.
The awareness "making this personal" would bring to the issue would lend public support to other efforts to get companies to pay their taxes.
----

10 things to know about the Ebola virusBigg Boss 8
Ebola virus facts
Ebola virus disease (formerly known as Ebola haemorrhagic fever) is a severe, often fatal illness, with a case fatality rate of up to 90%. It is one of the world’s most virulent diseases. The infection is transmitted by direct contact with the blood, body fluids and tissues of infected animals or people.
Severely ill patients require intensive supportive care. During an outbreak, those at higher risk of infection are health workers, family members and others in close contact with sick people and deceased patients. (World Health Organization)
Find more news related pictures in our photo galleries and follow us on Tumblr.

Can you identify the famous woman in this pictureTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Mon 8 Dec, 2014, 9:14 PM IST - India Markets closed
Chanda Kochhar makes a clean sweep for ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’
Chanda Kochhar, MD & CEO of ICICI Bank participated in the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’. Kochhar and some other employees of ICICI Bank cleaned the area around the Backbay Reclamation branch of ICICI Bank in Mumbai. Here are some images.
Recommend
Preparations begin for the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan (Photo couresy: ICICI Bank)
1 / 11
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Mayor Don Guardian meets with Taj Mahal employeesMayor Don Guardian meets with Taj Mahal employees
Mayor Don Guardian meets with Taj Mahal employees
Mayor Don Guardian met with Taj Mahal employees who marched on City Hall Wednesday morning but confirmed he would not consider giving the casino a property tax break.
Mayor Don Guardian met with Taj Mahal employees who marched on City Hall Wednesday morning but confirmed he would not consider giving the casino a property tax break.

And Now the Richest .01 Percentreddit
The richest Americans hold more of the nation's wealth than they have in almost a century. What do they spend it on? As you might expect, personal jets, giant yachts, works of art, and luxury penthouses.
And also on politics. In fact, their political spending has been growing faster than their spending on anything else. It's been growing even faster than their wealth.
According to new research by Emmanuel Saez of the University of California at Berkeley and Gabriel Zucman of the London School of Economics, the richest one-hundredth of one percent of Americans now hold over 11 percent of the nation's total wealth. That's a higher share than the top .01 percent held in 1929, before the Great Crash.
We're talking about 16,000 people, each worth at least $110 million.
One way to get your mind around this is to compare their wealth to that of the average family. In 1978, the typical wealth holder in the top .01 percent was 220 times richer than the average American. By 2012, he or she was 1,120 times richer.
It's hard to spend this kind of money.
The uber rich are lining up for the new Aerion AS2 private jet, priced at $100 million, that seats eleven and includes a deluxe dining room and shower facilities, and will be able to cross the Atlantic in just four hours.
And for duplexes high in the air. The one atop Manhattan's newest "needle" tower, the 90-story One57, just went for $90 million.
Why should we care?
Because this explosion of wealth at the top has been accompanied by an erosion of the wealth of the middle class and the poor. In the mid-1980s, the bottom 90 percent of Americans together held 36 percent of the nation's wealth. Now, they hold less than 23 percent.
Despite larger pensions and homes, the debts of the bottom 90 percent -- mortgage, consumer credit, and student loan -- have grown even faster.
Some might think the bottom 90 percent should pull in their belts and stop living beyond their means. After all, capitalism is a tough sport. If those at the top are winning big while the bottom 90 percent is losing, too bad. That's the way the game is played.
But the top .01 percent have also been investing their money in politics. And these investments have been changing the game.
In the 2012 election cycle (the last for which we have good data) donations from the top .01 accounted for over 40 percent of all campaign contributions, according to a study by Professors Adam Bonica, Nolan McCarty, Keith Poole, and Howard Rosenthal.
This is a huge increase from 1980, when the top .01 accounted for ten percent of total campaign contributions.
In 2012, as you may recall, two largest donors were Sheldon and Miriam Adelson, who gave $56.8 million and $46.6 million, respectively.
But the Adelsons were only the tip of an iceberg of contributions from the uber wealthy. Of the other members of the Forbes list of 400 richest Americans, fully 388 made political contributions. They accounted for forty of the 155 contributions of $1 million or more.
Of the 4,493 board members and CEOs of Fortune 500 corporations, more than four out of five contributed (many of the non-contributors were foreign nationals who were prohibited from giving).
All this money has flowed to Democrats as well as Republicans.
In fact, Democrats have increasingly relied on it. In the 2012 election cycle, the top .01 percent's donations to Democrats were more than four times larger than all labor union donations to Democrats put together.
The richest .01 percent haven't been donating out of the goodness of their hearts. They've donated out of goodness to their wallets.
Their political investments have paid off in the form of lower taxes on themselves and their businesses, subsidies for their corporations, government bailouts, federal prosecutions that end in settlements where companies don't affirm or deny the facts and where executives don't go to jail, watered-down regulations, and non-enforcement of antitrust laws.
Since the top .01 began investing big time in politics, corporate profits and the stock market have risen to record levels. That's enlarged the wealth of the richest .01 percent by an average of 7.8 percent a year since the mid-1980s.
But the bottom 90 percent don't own many shares of stock. They rely on wages, which have been trending downward. And for some reason, politicians don't seem particularly intent on reversing this trend.
If you want to know what's happened to the American economy, follow the money. That will lead you to the richest .01 percent.
And if you want to know what's happened to our democracy, follow the richest .01 percent. They'll lead you to the politicians who have been selling our democracy.
ROBERT B. REICH's film "Inequality for All" is now available on DVD and blu-ray, and on Netflix. Watch the trailer below:
Follow Robert Reich on Twitter: www.twitter.com/RBReich
More:

David Goldman / AP  file
Gold price rebounds in Mumbai to two-week high on strong seasonaldemandGold prices rebounded smartly to hit a two-week high at domestic bullion market today due to brisk buying by jewellery stockists and retailers following pick-up in seasonal demand.
Silver continued its firming trend for the third-straight session owing to strong industrial offtake.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) spiked by Rs 165 to finish at Rs 26,540 per 10 grams from its overnight closing level of Rs 26,375.
Pure gold (99.9 purity) also rose by a similar margin to end at Rs 26,690 per 10 grams against Rs 26,525 previously.
Silver (.999 fineness) moved up by Rs 65 to conclude at Rs 37,070 per kg compared to Monday’s close of Rs 37,005.
On the global front, the yellow metal climbed above the psychologically significant USD 1,200 an ounce mark as an improving technical outlook lured investors back to the market amid hectic short-covering.
Spot gold was trading sharply higher at USD 1,200.05 an ounce in early European trade.
TAGS: Gold Mumbai
More from commodities

Target delivers an upbeat earnings surpriseBy Sarah Halzack November 19 Follow @sarahhalzack
Shoppers hit the check-out lines at a Super Target in Dallas. (AP Photo/Dallas Morning News, Stan Olszewski)
The past year has been a choppy one for big-box retailer Target. Last Christmas season dealt a major sales blow after the retailer was hit by a massive data breach. In the early part of 2014, sales continued to slump as Target worked to regain shoppers’ trust and grappled with challenges facing the broader retail industry: Consumers are still cautious about their spending, and promotional prices seem to be the only thing that gets them to open their wallets.
But Target’s third-quarter earnings, announced Wednesday , showed the company has made significant strides in turning around its business, giving it momentum going into this year’s holiday shopping season.
Target said sales at stores open more than a year increased 1.2 percent, an uptick that beat the company’s own forecast of flat to 1 percent sales growth. Its profit rose 3.1 percent to $352 million.
The Minneapolis-based retailer said that lower gas prices likely encouraged consumers to spend more this quarter, though chief financial officer John Mulligan said during a conference call that Target couldn’t make a direct correlation between its own sales improvement and lower prices at the pump. Target also said it was able to pull back significantly on the heavy discounts and promotions it had been offering earlier in the year, perhaps a sign that consumers’ fatter wallets were making them somewhat less price-sensitive.
Target said that event-based shopping for back-to-school and Halloween were crucial to sales growth this past quarter.  The retailer’s chief rival, Wal-Mart, also pointed to those events as a tailwind in the most recent quarter.
As for last year’s data breach, Target said it is finally in the rearview mirror. The company has absorbed what it believes are the “vast majority” of financial charges related to the breach, Mulligan said, and customer surveys show that shoppers have largely returned to the stores.
“We feel like we’ve really moved past the breach, and our guests moved past it more quickly than, frankly, some of those who write about us,” Mulligan said.
While Black Friday is just around the corner, Target and plenty of other retailers have already started pitching promotions and deals to get shoppers in the Christmas spirit.  Last month, Target began offering free shipping on all holiday-season purchases , a policy typically reserved for purchases over $50.  The company said Wednesday that it has seen a “significant increase” in online orders since the shipping announcement.
Target’s stock shot up nearly eight percent in Wednesday morning trading.
Despite the encouraging signs in the third quarter’s earnings report, the retailer still has plenty of ground to make up as it aims to heal its business.  Although sales improved in the quarter, foot traffic was down 0.4 percent in Target’s U.S. stores.  And the company’s has acknowledged its expansion into Canada remains troubled.  Customers there have been disappointed by a narrow assortment of merchandise and frequent issues with items being out of stock.
This was Target’s first quarter under the leadership of chief executive Brian Cornell, a former Pepsi executive who replaced Gregg Steinhafel in August.  In a call with investors Wednesday, Cornell outlined some of his plans for strengthening the company, including sharpening Target’s focus on its “signature categories”– baby, kids, wellness and style.   The company will put a higher share of its marketing and product development muscle behind these departments, Cornell said.
Cornell stressed this was not an indication that Target is giving up on categories such as groceries, but, he said, “we’ll have different expectations in those categories.”
Target also expects to implement more customization and localization to each individual store, instead of keeping a homogeneous look across the country.
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

President Obama avoids Scandal with immigration speechBy Jonathan Capehart November 19 Follow @capehartj
Kerry Washington in ABC’s “Scandal.” (Richard Cartwright/ABC)
No surprise that the White House announced President Obama will address the nation tomorrow night about his plans on immigration reform . No surprise that it will be televised. What is surprising is the timing, 8 p.m. Sure, he’s done speeches at 8 p.m. before. The ones on the BP oil spill and Libya come to mind. But 9 p.m. usually is the go-to time.
When Obama addressed the nation on the debt ceiling crisis in 2011, he did so at 9 p.m. That was the time of his speech on Syria in September 2013, on the Islamic State this September and every State of the Union address of his presidency. So, why not 9 p.m. tomorrow night? My guess is one word: “Scandal.”
“Scandal” is the monster hit television show on ABC starring Kerry Washington that sets Twitter ablaze between 9 p.m. and 10 p.m. Eastern. If “Dynasty” and “Dallas” could mate, “Scandal” would be their offspring. The over-the-top Washington drama has everything they had: improbable storylines, questionable characters and say-what-now endings. To get in the way of a show with that kind of fan base, especially the night of its winter finale, is asking for trouble. Full disclosure: I’ve been known to live-tweet the show. #guiltypleasure
I didn’t bother to ask the White House about my theory. It has much more important things to do (read: get ready for all hell to break loose ). But this wouldn’t be the first time the president adjusted a speech’s start time to accommodate the viewing public. Remember Obama’s September 2011 speech to a joint session of Congress in which he unveiled the American Jobs Act? He delivered it at 7:09 p.m., more than an hour before the New Orleans Saints and the Green Bay Packers kicked off “the official start of the football season.” No scandal in that.
Follow Jonathan on Twitter: @Capehartj
Jonathan Capehart is a member of the Post editorial board and writes about politics and social issues for the PostPartisan blog.

Paul Malicki: Increase Your Value by Becoming an Expert in Your Areareddit
This is part of the #CareerAdvice series - featuring successful professionals who share their advice to people who would want to take their career to the next level.
Starting his first business at the age of 15, Paul Malicki, now CMO of taxi booking app, Easy Taxi , has learned the value of hard work at such a young age.
He now shares with us the importance of finding your passion as soon as possible and try not to follow the herd in order to carve your own career.
Paul Malicki, Global CMO, Easy Taxi
Can you tell us a bit about how you started your career? What are some of your best moments in your professional life?
I started my first business at the age of 15 together with my 18 years old brother. The seed investment of 1.2 million dollars came from family and a nearby bank.
Since then, I remember that I've always enjoyed working. I remember working at my grandfather's farm and this has helped me gain respect for work and realize that most of the things in life, you learn through working for it. I've finished 3 degrees while I was doing various jobs to learn more and that's when I found out what is that I'm really passionate about.
Then my startup career begun. First in Sweden, then in the Philippines and finally coming to Brazil, where I overlook the marketing and new business development of a truly global company.
Still, the best moment in life came when I came into realization how much I love digital marketing. It became my obsession - a love at a first sight.
If you could advise your 20-year-old-self today, what would tell him?
Work hard, learn fast, and test new things. It's only the hard work that can advance you career. And only by becoming an expert in your area you will increase your value on the job market.
What has been the most valuable advice you've ever gotten when you were facing challenges in your career?
Someone once asked me, "Do you really think your company appreciates your engagement and commitment?" In fact they didn't, so I moved on and I changed my job, with positive outcomes.
Find a company that has strong leadership. Leaders produce other leaders. And if you want to be a leader, there is no time to waste.
What would you advice the millennial just starting with their career or aiming to take their careers to the next level?
When you are a student, make good contacts with the smartest guys in the class and beyond. Those guys will occupy important positions in top companies in the future. Always learn more and stay hungry.
A resume doesn't reflect some (soft) skills, so having all relevant certifications in place is a big value added. Start working as early as possible. Not only you will learn more, but also have a full CV ahead of your first job. Work hard and show your involvement.
One day someone will come to you inviting you to become a shareholder of the company. Last, but not least, don't be afraid to start your own business.
Many universities promote the corporate career as a preferred choice - this is wrong. Ask yourself a question, do I want to follow the herd or become somebody? Corporate teams demotivate, working for startups will boost your confidence.
Follow Paul Malicki's professional journey by connecting with him on LinkedIn and Twitter .
Watch out for the next post of the #CareerAdvice series and be sure to connect with me on Twitter @jonharules , LinkedIn and my blog, Social Media in Asia .
Follow Jonha Revesencio on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jonharules
More:

Pauline Pangan: Invest Your Time in Learningreddit
This is part of the #CareerAdvice series -  featuring successful professionals who share their advice to people who would want to take their career to the next level.
From events management to quickly becoming the founder of one of the most successful digital marketing agencies in the Philippines, AllFamous Digital , Pauline Pangan shares the importance of investing in learning, embracing mistakes and most importantly - learning from them.
Pauline Pangan, Founder & Chief Operating Officer at AllFamous Digital
Can you tell us a bit about how you started your career? What are some of your best moments in your professional life?
I didn't graduate college. I was anxious to work and experience the real world. My first job was in a call center. The call center job made realize that I am meant to do something big, a job whereby my role is very important. And then a miracle happened. A friend of mine told me to fly to Singapore as I have a job waiting for me. A week later, I found myself working as an Events Manager, driving around the big city, talking to Executives. I was 22 years old.
If you could advise your 20-year-old-self today, what would tell her?
Invest your time and energy learning because 20s is the best time to do so. Be ferociously hungry for learning and stop being anxious about earning. Earning naturally follows. Have faith that God has a great plan in your life.
What has been the most valuable advice you've ever gotten when you were facing challenges in your career?
Someone once told me that, you may not be where you want to be, but you are not where you used to be, but have faith. Because in His own beautiful time, He will make all things beautiful. This always stuck with me. I learned to always appreciate my growth and progress because I may have not yet reached my goals, but I am a lot closer today that I am yesterday. I learned that in life it's always about perfect timing. If you haven't achieved your goals, it only means that God thinks you still need further preparation. When I am reminded of this I am humbled to submit to Him and say "Yes Lord, keep preparing me mentally, emotionally and physically. I always ask, what else do you want me to learn?" God's timing is never flawed. It's always perfect :)
What would you advice the millennial just starting with their career or aiming to take their careers to the next level?
While you are young learn as much as you can. Be ferociously hungry for learning.
Top 5 books I strongly recommend:
1.   Today Matters - John Maxwell
2.    Rich dad, Poor dad - Robert Kiyosaki
3.    Being happy - Andrew Matthews
4.    7 Habits of Highly Effective People - Stephen Covey
5.    Think and Grow Rich - Napoleon Hill
Explore, make mistakes. Makes lots of them. It's all part of the journey. Be true to your dreams. Believe that you deserve to live the life that you please as long as you are willing to sacrifice and put in the hardwork. Be prepared to work hard, to work really hard.
Hardwork trumps IQ. If something is challenging, embrace it fully - it will expand you.
Do not accept life, know that you are in control of your life. Imagine the life that you want and fully commit that you will stop at nothing until you achieve it. Let your everyday actions be fueled by your greatest dream. The world is filled with endless opportunities, find it, if you can't find it. Create it. Pray - pray all the time.
Follow Pauline Pangan's career journey by connecting with her on LinkedIn .
Watch out for the next post of the #CareerAdvice series and be sure to connect with me on Twitter @jonharules , LinkedIn and my blog, Social Media in Asia .
Follow Jonha Revesencio on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jonharules
More:

Joey Alarilla: Reinvent and Continue Innovating for GrowthThis is part of the #CareerAdvice series -  featuring successful professionals who share their advice to people who would want to take their career to the next level.
Joey Alarilla, Director of Social Media and Engagement at Tribal Worldwide Philippines
Constantly innovating, open to collaboration and always reinventing himself - these are just some of the things I could quickly think of whenever Joey Alarilla, is mentioned.
The talented and accomplished writer/editor, who is now the Director of Social Media and Engagement at Tribal Worldwide Philippines, never runs out of ideas and his enthusiasm quickly rubs off to anyone he's collaborating with.
We've previously collaborated on Is it Time to be Bullish on E-Commerce in the Philippines? and now he shares some of the most important lessons he's learned from his vast journalism experience to building a social media editorial department.
Can you tell us a bit about how you started your career? What are some of your best moments in your professional life?
My career has taken different, interesting turns. My first job was actually as a staff writer for a women's magazine in the Philippines called CHiC. It took a while for me to find a job where I would stay for more than a few months because I was easily bored and I didn't really know what I wanted to do. The major turning point was when I joined the PR firm Orendain & Associates, because not only did I start to take work more seriously, but also it was there that I first met my wife.
In terms of career, however, tech journalism would be the field that would change my life, when I became an Infotech reporter for the IT newspaper Metropolitan Computer Times and then the country's leading broadsheet, the Philippine Daily Inquirer.
Most of my career was spent with the Inquirer Group of Companies, with me making the move from print to online. Some of the highlights of my decade-long stint at the Inquirer Group include becoming one of the pioneering editors that spun off the print newspaper into an online company (then called INQ7.net and now INQUIRER.net); creating and managing the site's Global Nation portal for overseas Filipinos; and launching the blog, podcast and video networks of INQUIRER.net.
One of the best moments of my professional career would also include my two-year stint at Yahoo! Southeast Asia. I was the first person to take on the role of Social Media Editor at Yahoo! and it was a great honor to do my share in integrating social media into the editorial process and making Yahoo! a thought leader in social media in the Philippines and across Southeast Asia.
Later on I became the company's Southeast Asia Head of Social and Community.
Currently, my path has taken me to Tribal Worldwide Philippines, where I established a new social media editorial department that brings the newsroom mentality to the digital agency.
While I've reinvented myself a number of times in my career, the common thread in these roles is my passion for storytelling and user engagement. I've been fortunate to find ways to continue innovating and making ideas work, and I'm always looking for new challenges.
If you could advise your 20-year-old-self today, what would tell him?
My 20-year-old self was an underachiever and had no idea what he wanted to do with his life. I'm not complaining because I believe I wouldn't have gotten to where I am now without the detours I took, the mistakes I made, and the lessons I learned along the way.
Still, I'd tell my 20-year-old self to become more involved in different projects and causes, because at the end of the day we're never too young to change the world. The good thing for me is that we're also never too old to change the world.
What has been the most valuable advice you've ever gotten when you were facing challenges in your career?
My wife always reminds me to live in the present, to not be stuck regretting the past or dreaming of the future. We can no longer change the past, and we can't just keep wishing for a brighter future unless we work for it now.
I'm a control freak, and I want things to be perfect, but obviously both good and bad things will happen throughout your career. What she reminds me is that the only thing we can really control is how we react to circumstances, whether good or bad, and that's what's gotten me through different challenges over the years.
What would you advise the millennial just starting with their career or aiming to take their careers to the next level?
Remember three things: First, as much as possible, find a job that you will genuinely like, something you can be passionate about, because money alone won't be enough to keep you satisfied.
Second, having said that, remember that whatever job you get, parts of it will suck and you'll have to do things you hate. Yes, even if it's the best job in the world, even if it's something you're passionate about and are really good at, you will experience frustration and boredom and days when you just wonder why the heck you're doing this.
That's normal, that's life, so just manage your expectations and stop dreaming of the perfect job that you will absolutely love all the time.
Lastly, never stop learning, and be prepared to reinvent yourself if you have to. The day you stop learning is the day you become obsolete. In a fast-changing world, the choice is simple: evolve or die.  But remember to have fun!
Follow Joey's professional journey by connecting with him on LinkedIn and Twitter .
Watch out for the next post of the #CareerAdvice series and be sure to connect with me on Twitter @jonharules , LinkedIn and my blog, Social Media in Asia .
Follow Jonha Revesencio on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jonharules
More:

Ebola: Centre to tightenmeasuresPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:15 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 8:20 am
India has stepped up its Ebola vigil after traces of the virus were detected in the body fluids of a 26-year-old man who recently arrived at the Delhi airport. The screening protocol that helped detect the case has now been set up in 24 airports and and nine seaports across the country.
After a meeting on Wednesday night, a three-member committee has been formed to review Ebola preparedness at airports.
However, sources said initial assessment suggest that guidelines to screen passengers arriving from countries struck by Ebola might not have been followed in all airports. Sources added that the isolation facilities at airports other than those at Delhi and Mumbai need immediate upgradation, a process officials say has already started.
“Due to extra caution, we tested the man’s body fluids even after his blood tested negative for Ebola. The situation is under complete control . We have similar arrangements at 24 airports across the country,” Health Minister J P Nadda said.
Thermal scanners are being used in 18 major airports to detect any traces of fever, usually the first symptom of the disease, in passengers. The scanners, which are similar to radar guns used by police to track speeding motorists, were earlier used in the wake of SARS outbreak.
Around 30 hospitals across the country are being equipped to treat patients in isolation. “There is no shortage of drugs. Ebola treatment is usually symptomatic, anti-pyretics for fever and successive steps as the situation arises. If kidneys are affected, the patient has to be put on dialysis,” explained a senior Health Ministry official.
The government has opened a round-the-clock helpline to respond to people’s queries on Ebola.
The Ministry has also decided to expedite the process to strengthen 10 laboratories by the end of the month for faster screening of samples for Ebola. Overall, India is following the Nigerian model of Ebola tracking. Nigeria has already been declared Ebola free by World Health Organisation.

Rampals forces: 300 trained by former army  policeofficersDevotees of Sant Rampal on their way out of his Ashram in Barwala, Hisar, on Wednesday. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Chandigarh | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:22 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 10:29 am
After two days of gunshots, teargas shelling and clashes with followers of Sant Rampal in Barwala, the Haryana police arrived at the conclusion that they were fighting a well-armed force of at least 300 “commandos” trained by retired Army and police personnel, and even former officers from elite units such as National Security Guard and Special Protection Group.
While intelligence inputs have also suggested that this force comprised mostly men in the 25-35 age group, Haryana’s principal secretary to the chief minister, Sanjeev Kaushal, said, “They have used .315 bore rifles, .32 bore revolvers and pistols, other sophisticated revolvers and pistols and country-made weapons to fire at police personnel. In fact, it appears that they have weapons of every calibre.”
At least two policemen suffered gunshot injuries while nine received burn injuries caused by petrol bombs thrown by Rampal’s followers.
A senior Haryana police officer told The Indian Express that these followers were even dressed up like the elite Black Cat commandos.
“Considering their combat skills, they have been designated as Rampal’s commandos. They also dress up like commandos and wear black clothes and even black bandanas to resemble Black Cat commandos,” he said.
Haryana’s Director General of Police, S N Vashisht agreed, “There are people who are trained by retired personnel of various security agencies. These people include retired police and Army officers who are carrying licensed weapons. There are other people as well, who possess illegal arms and ammunition.”
What the Haryana police have not been able to explain is how Rampal managed to raise and train this well-armed force in the ashram without their knowledge.
“There has not been any intelligence failure on our part. Those found guilty will not be spared,” Vashisht said.
He added that of the 280 people detained following the clashes, 22 appear to be part of this “commando force” who have played a vital role in protecting Rampal. “There are 22 such people who have been identified as major suspects in instigating the violence and forcibly holding people inside the ashram. All such people are being questioned and likely to be arrested soon,” Vashisht said.
Asked about the combat tactics used by Rampal’s followers, including throwing acid pouches and petrol bombs, Vashisht said, “LPG cylinders are used for cooking and the same can be used for blasts; acid is used for cleaning floors, and these people have used it to attack police; petrol is used to fuel vehicles, they have prepared bombs out of it. All these things are commonly used, but these people converted them into weapons.”

The nine lives of Al SharptonBy Nia-Malika Henderson November 19 Follow @niawapo
Rev. Al Sharpton is once again a target of scrutiny (AP Photo/Seth Wenig)
There are few political figures who have had as many lives as Al Sharpton . He has been so many things. A boy preacher. A roadie for James Brown. A racial rabble-rouser. Tracksuit aficionado.  New York tabloid staple. Senate, mayoral and presidential candidate. Cable news host. Presidential adviser.
And almost like clockwork, stories emerge from time to time, about his, shall we say, complicated, finances. This week, the New York Times posted a story about his messy management of the National Action Network, a grassroots group he founded in 1991. Here's the key paragraph:
Mr. Sharpton has regularly sidestepped the sorts of obligations most people see as inevitable, like taxes, rent and other bills. Records reviewed by The New York Times show more than $4.5 million in current state and federal tax liens against him and his for-profit businesses.
The story comes as Sharpton's power and prominence with the powerful has never been higher. With Ferguson, Missouri on edge awaiting a grand jury ruling on the shooting of an unarmed black man, Sharpton will assume his role as protestor-in-chief in the coming days. In Washington, he has a direct line to President Obama's top advisors, most recently weighing in on Loretta Lynch as Obama's pick for Attorney General. And in New York, Mayor Bill DeBlasio counts him as a friend, though they have publicly clashed. Hillary Clinton, should she run, will likely have to reckon with Sharpton . For conservatives, he has been the favorite boogey man and consummate race-baiter.  (Though Newt Gingrich embraced him in 2009 as part of an education tour .)
Civil rights activist Al Sharpton says the situation in Ferguson, Mo., is “very tense” as the community awaits word on whether a grand jury will indict a white police officer who shot and killed Michael Brown, a young, unarmed black man. (AP)
Sharpton's popularity is wrapped up in race and party politics, with African Americans and Democrats in New York City viewing him favorably while whites and Republicans have a far dimmer view of him, according to a new Quinnipiac University poll.   Almost 80 percent of black New Yorkers say that Sharpton has been a positive force in the city; 64 percent of whites say he has been a negative force. Among Democrats, almost 60 percent say he has been a positive force; 81 percent of Republicans saying he is a negative force.
In a press release touting the poll numbers, Sharpton said : "We have made mistakes, but we have and will continue to correct those mistakes. Our work has far outweighed our mistakes and I am neither focused on the polls or the attacks."
At a 45-minute press conference Wednesday morning he did address the Times story.  He began with an update of his plans around Ferguson and Staten Island and then dismissed the Times story out of hand, vowing not to get into a back and forth with the New York Times, but then promptly getting into a back and forth with the New York Times. "The story is at best misleading and totally out of context," he said, arguing that much of the information in the story was based on old tax bills that he had set up payment plans for.
But more than anything, Sharpton wanted to cast himself in the company of other liberals -- many of them elected officials -- who have been, in his mind, unfairly castigated. "I think it's political," Sharpton said of the attention being paid to his finances. "A lot of people don't like the fact that President Obama is the president. A lot of people don't like the fact that Bill de Blasio won for mayor. And they certainly don't like the fact that I'm still here, and I ain't going nowhere."
Of course, it doesn't take a financial genius to see that neither Obama nor de Blasio are currently carrying $4.5 million in state and federal tax liens against them and organizations with which they are affiliated, making Sharpton's comparison somewhat specious.
No matter what the near future holds for Sharpton -- a diminution in his prominence with powerful politicians perhaps? -- his history would suggest only one outcome is possible in the long run: Sharpton will persist.
[Editor's Note: Both Nia and Chris Cillizza, founder of The Fix, regularly appear on MSNBC -- the cable network on which Sharpton hosts a show.]
Nia-Malika Henderson is a political reporter for The Fix.

Yahoo replaces Google as Firefox s default search...The Associated Press | November 19, 2014 05:31 PM EST | Associated Press
Yahoo may be getting more serious about search again.
Mozilla is dropping Google as the default search engine for its Firefox browser, replacing it with Yahoo for U.S. users on their computers, phones and tablets.
Yahoo had farmed its search engine out to Microsoft five years ago.
There have also been tensions between Mozilla and Google, with the search giant's Chrome browser stealing market share from Firefox for years.
Mozilla and Yahoo said in a statement Wednesday that they have agreed to a five-year partnership that is a "framework" for other possible product integrations and deals.

Virginia to look at spaceport deal after explosion... 
November 19, 2014 05:19 PM EST | Associated Press
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — Virginia officials plan to re-examine a spaceport deal with Orbital Sciences Corp. following a rocket explosion that damaged a state-owned launch pad.
Secretary of Transportation Aubrey Layne Jr. tells the Richmond Times-Dispatch (http://bit.ly/1EZo73D) that Gov. Terry McAuliffe's administration may seek to renegotiate the deal.
McAuliffe also has asked U.S. Sens. Mark R. Warner and Timothy M. Kaine to look for federal funds to help pay for repairs.
Orbital spokesman Barron Beneski tells the newspaper the company is in talks with the state and NASA about repairs and the state's financial risk. The state self-insures the launch pad through the Virginia Commercial Space Flight Authority.
An unmanned commercial supply rocket exploded moments after liftoff on Oct. 28. Layne says the explosion caused up to $20 million in damage.
___
Previous versions misspelled Layne.

Showdown looms between US gov t  air bag maker... 
TOM KRISHER | November 19, 2014 05:17 PM EST | Associated Press
DETROIT (AP) — A showdown is looming between U.S. safety regulators and a Japanese company that makes air bags linked to multiple deaths and injuries. Car companies and the driving public are caught in the middle.
The air bag inflators can explode with too much force, sending metal shrapnel into the passenger compartment.
Takata Corp. insists that current recalls covering 8 million U.S. cars in high-humidity areas are sufficient. But the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration wants millions more added to the recalls, citing evidence the problem can occur outside of high-humidity regions.
"Takata's initial response, yes, an unwillingness to move forward," David Friedman, the agency's deputy administrator, said Tuesday. "Everyone needs to understand that Takata needs to act."
Takata has so far set aside over $400 million to cover recall costs in the U.S. and globally. A broader U.S. recall could cost the company millions more. In a statement issued Wednesday in Japan, Takata said it also is concerned that a national recall will divert parts from high-humidity areas, putting lives at risk.
The impasse could put pressure on automakers such as Honda, Ford and Mazda to expand the recall on their own. Ultimately, they are responsible for doing recalls. Automakers could go ahead with the recalls on their own and settle cost issues later with Takata, said Allan Kam, a former NHTSA attorney who now is a consultant to consumers and manufacturers.
Takata, he said, is not among his clients.
The safety agency acted after weeks of criticism from lawmakers, who said it was too slow to respond to mounting recalls and reports of deaths and injuries. On Wednesday, the Obama administration nominated National Transportation Safety Board member Mark Rosekind to run the agency. He must be confirmed by the Senate.
Owners of cars currently outside the recall regions meanwhile remain in limbo, uncertain if they might experience a potentially dangerous problem with their air bags.
NHTSA said its demand for an additional recall was based on incidents involving a death in California and an injury in North Carolina in which the air bags were implicated. Both states are outside of the area covered by the earlier recalls, which generally cover areas with average dew points of 60 degrees or higher along the Gulf Coast, plus Hawaii.
But Takata said Wednesday that nearly 1,000 inflators from outside high-humidity areas have been tested, and no canisters have ruptured.
The company said it agreed that the recalls should be expanded, but only if "appropriate and necessary to respond to a safety risk."
Normally when NHTSA and automakers disagree, they compromise to settle the issue. But if they don't, NHTSA must determine that there's a safety defect, and hold a hearing before issuing a final order for a recall, said Kam.
If a company still refuses to comply, the Justice Department will ask a court to order the recall, Kam said. NHTSA also has the power to fine companies for moving too slowly, up to $35 million.
The last time that NHTSA ordered a recall for a safety defect was 1979 in a dispute with Fiat over an undercarriage rust issue, he said.
For now, NHTSA isn't demanding a national recall of Takata's passenger side air bags, which have different inflators.

Report: Role of 3 big banks in commodities risky...and
versions
WASHINGTON (AP) — Three big Wall Street banks that have owned commodities such as aluminum exposed themselves to risk and in some cases manipulated prices in a way that raised costs for consumers, a Senate investigation has found.
The heavy involvement of Goldman Sachs Group Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Morgan Stanley in the business of storing and moving commodities like oil, aluminum, uranium and copper also gives them unfair trading advantages in financial markets, according to a report issued Wednesday by the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations.
Aluminum cans that hold beverages like soda or beer are held up as an example. Goldman has used its stockpile of aluminum — in a cluster of warehouses near Detroit — to cause delivery delays to create shortages and inflate the metal's price, according to the report. The price for beverage makers and ultimately consumers is forced higher, it said.
Goldman maintains there has been no shortage of aluminum and prices have fallen substantially since 2008. In addition, the bank says, more than 75 percent of the aluminum it holds in storage doesn't go into "queues" that can back up and delay deliveries.
The three banks, among the biggest in the U.S., have faced increased scrutiny in recent years of their activities in commodities. Lawmakers and federal regulators are asking whether banks should be allowed to control power plants, warehouses, oil refineries and pipelines. The Federal Reserve proposed earlier this year restricting banks' activities in markets for physical commodities. Under current Fed rules, banks that engage in commodities activities must hold capital to absorb potential losses from the activities.
Activities like oil refining and uranium mining "expose major banks to catastrophic risks that are poorly understood," Sen. Carl Levin, D-Mich., the subcommittee's chairman, said at a news conference Wednesday. The costs from an oil spill, mine explosion or power plant disaster could exceed a bank's capital reserves and insurance coverage, potentially forcing taxpayers to bail it out, Levin warned.
"There's great risk to the economy," he said. "We need to restore the separation of commerce and banking."
The three banks maintain that they manage their commodities businesses prudently against risks.
"Morgan Stanley is proud of its comprehensive approach to risk management, which has enabled the firm to manage its commodities business prudently and effectively over the last three decades," the bank said in a statement.
In some cases, they have sold physical commodities businesses to nonbank companies and are in the process of selling others.
The report doesn't specifically allege price manipulation by Morgan Stanley. It says the bank's involvement in oil storage and transport gave it access to valuable non-public information about shipments and pipelines that it could profit from in trading.
Goldman says it's in the physical commodities business because that enhances its key role as a middleman for producers, consumers and investors in the financial markets linked to the products. The risks cited by the Senate report are actually "quite limited and manageable," in Goldman's view.
JPMorgan, the biggest U.S. bank, says it holds enough capital to cover it in the event of a physical disaster that caused its liability to exceed its insurance coverage.
Executives of the three banks' commodities divisions are scheduled to testify at a hearing Thursday by the investigative subcommittee. In a second hearing on Friday, Fed Gov. Daniel Tarullo and Larry Gasteiger, an enforcement official at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, are testifying.
As an example of price manipulation, the report cites JPMorgan's involvement in the electricity market. In July 2013, the bank agreed to pay $410 million to settle accusations by U.S. energy regulators that it manipulated electricity prices between September 2010 and November 2012. The FERC said JPMorgan used improper bidding strategies to squeeze excessive payments from the agencies that run the power grids in California and the Midwest.

When Rajnath nudgedKhattarPrint
Written by Vijaita Singh , Varinder Bhatia | New Delhi/chandigarh | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:06 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 10:28 am
During the effort leading to Sant Rampal’s arrest, Home Minister Rajnath Singh telephoned Haryana Chief Minister M L Khattar Wednesday and discussed the crisis. It was the first time the Centre had intervened at this level.
So far, the Centre had stopped at sending troops on Haryana’s request. Until a day earlier, it had refused to intervene, sources said, on the ground that it was a “law and order” issue and the Centre had no role apart from sending additional forces. The home ministry sent 500 CRPF personnel to help the Haryana police Wednesday, to back up 1,500 sent earlier.
With the Prime Minister abroad, it was left to Rajnath to step in. On Tuesday, a five-member delegation of the Rashtriya Samaj Seva Samiti, a group of followers of Rampal led by Ram Kumar Dhaka, had met Rajnath with demands that included a CBI probe. Rajnath replied the law would take its own course and refused to intervene.
On Wednesday, Rajnath went on an election campaign to Jammu and Kashmir, then called up the Haryana CM as soon as he landed in Delhi. Khattar too reached Delhi in the afternoon but did not seek an appointment with Singh. “When Singh telephoned Khattar, the latter assured him the situation would be brought under control soon,” said a home ministry official.
At home, Khattar issued a statement saying, “State government is committed to upholding the law and ensuring strict compliance with the directions of court. All are equal before the law and  the government is working dispassionately without any pressure or favouritism.”
The statement, issued before Rampal’s arrest, added, “The state government is proceeding carefully and cautiously to arrest Sant Rampal, chief  of the Satlok Ashram. Our first priority is to safely take out the innocent children, women and aged persons who are stranded in the ashram, and also make arrangements for their safe passage to their homes. The police are working with great wisdom, restraint and in a planned manner.
“Despite the incidents of firing, stone- pelting and throwing of acid and petrol bombs from inside, the police exercised extreme restraint as their main aim was to ensure safety and security of the thousands of innocent people stranded in the Ashram. More than 10,000 people have so far been taken out of the ashram and arrangements have been made for their safe passage to their respective destinations.”
He added that “timely action had been taken by the Haryana Police with the assistance of the CRPF”.

The villagers  pitching in with food fortroopsOne of Rampal’s devotees admitted to Maharaja Agarasen Medical College and Hospital in Agroha. (Source: express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Written by Dipankar Ghose | Barwala | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:01 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 10:29 am
Under the arclights, they danced together. The TV cameras followed senior police officers, eager to know when and how the law had finally caught up with Sant Rampal. Behind them, villagers around the Satlok Ashram in Barwala and local policemen danced in celebration together.
Their association had been forged late on Tuesday night. Villages around the Satlok Ashram — Kheddar, Badagaon, and Gadipur —  held a mahapanchayat at night, and decided that all the cooking the next day would be for the 6,000 and more security personnel fighting what was until Tuesday afternoon a pitched battle. “We saw the ashram people constantly attack the forces, and we have always been against this baba.
We decided that all our villages would feed the personnel through the day,” said Satbir Singh.
Apart from being an enthralled audience as the police kept evacuating people from the ashram all morning and afternoon, there was a continuous flow of tea, fruit, biscuits, roti, and water through the day. Villagers used their own tempos to travel through the police ranks, and indeed theirs were the only vehicles allowed to break the cordon.
“The guru at this ashram says that our religion counts for nothing. His followers refuse to let us farm near the ashram, and threaten and intimidate us. We are with the personnel. They are fighting for us,” Rajiv Gujjar said.
By 2 in the afternoon, men with orange bandanas too joined the food distribution process. “We are from the Arya Samaj. We have always spoken out against Rampal’s practices and he has shown his true colours. We came from Rohtak when we heard the forces needed help,” said one man sporting an Arya Samaj symbol.
It was members of the Arya Samaj that Rampal’s supporters first clashed with in Rohtak in 2006, resulting in one death. For this case, Rampal and others were accused and arrested on charges of murder.
As night fell, it became clearer that Rampal would have no choice but to be escorted away by the police. That happened at 8:45. In half an hour, they danced together.

Two MLAs who joinednegotiationsPrint
Written by Mukesh Bhardwaj | Chandigarh | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:54 am
Two MLAs helped negotiate with Sant Rampal leading to his arrest. Jai Prakash, independent MLA from Kalayat, says he was the first to make contact with Rampal to try and convince him to give himself up. This was after three meetings with Rampal’s close aides. The other MLA was Subhash Barala, of the BJP and from Tohana; he joined the negotiations later.
“Finally, it is done,” Jai Prakash told The Indian Express after Rampal was arrested. “Good sense prevailed and the sant is now with the police. I had tried earlier to convince Santji to present himself before a court, but this time I was hopeful he would listen.”
Jai Prakash said in response to a question that no conditions were attached to the surrender. Rampal had initially been insisting on surrendering before a  court.
Jai Prakash had been with the Congress until the recent elections when he contested as an independent. He was very close to former chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda. His constituency of Kalayat is close to Barwala where the ashram is situated, and Jai Prakash has indeed represented Barwala earlier. He had made a futile attempt to meet Rampal three days ago.
Once close also to former deputy PM Devi Lal, Jai Prakash later became an aide of Om Prakash Chautala, then joined the Haryana Vikas Party of former chief minister Bansi Lal and eventually the Congress. So far, the independent MLA has not declared his support to the BJP government.

The Fed s dismissive attitude towards low inflation
Gruden regrets blasting RGIIIBy Mike Jones November 19 Follow @mikejoneswapo
(Photo by John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
Two days after criticizing quarterback Robert Griffin III for “fundamental flaws” in the loss to Tampa Bay, Redskins coach Jay Gruden expressed regret over his blunt assessment.
“Somehow, we’ve made it more about him than about the team, and that’s my fault,” Gruden said Wednesday. “So, big thing moving forward is, let’s correct everybody, not single anybody out, and move on and do what we can do to beat San Francisco.”
Gruden’s line on focusing on San Francisco mirrored Griffin’s responses to reporters’ questions earlier in the day. Griffin replied, “We’re focused on San Francisco,” to most questions he fielded.
Gruden didn’t pull back from his assessment that Griffin struggled during Sunday’s game, but he said that he shouldn’t have gone into the detail that he did when critiquing the third-year quarterback.
“I think it was a mistake on my part and after a loss like that, we’re very disappointed the way we played and the question came up about how he played and all that stuff and I just answered it first thing that came to my mind and sometimes the first thing that comes to your mind isn’t the smartest thing,” Gruden said. “It wasn’t the right thing to do on my part. Corrections should be made in-house with everybody involved. The play speaks for itself. The production on the field spoke for itself. I didn’t have to elaborate on any individual, fundamental things other than the team was not good enough, was not prepared enough, was not coached well enough to beat the Buccaneers. [Buccaneers Coach] Lovie [Smith] had their team ready to play more than I had my team ready to play and that’s a direct reflection on me. The whole production of the game: offense, defense, special teams, the blown assignments, lining up wrong. That is a direct reflection of myself and the coaching staff and I have to take responsibility for that.”
Gruden continued, “[Griffin’s play] wasn’t great by any stretch by anybody. There are some things I know Robert wishes he could’ve done better and I wish I could’ve coached him up better. There are some things we just have to figure up why he’s struggling with certain things and coach him up and get him ready because offensively to score seven points any week with the talent we have, is not good by any stretch. The first guy that gets looked at is the quarterback and the second guy is the offensive coordinator and of course the head coach. Both of us should be questioned equally. It takes everybody on a team to lay a goose egg and play as poorly as we did. And there are some things he can clean up and will clean up, but we have to get it done. We don’t have a lot of time and he’s at a stage right now in his career where we need to see improvements.”
More from the Post:

Salesforce.com s 3Q tops views but guidance soft... 
November 19, 2014 05:57 PM EST | Associated Press
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Salesforce.com Inc. on Wednesday reported better-than-expected quarterly results, but its guidance missed estimates. Its shares dropped in extended trading.
The company said it lost $38.9 million, or 6 cents per share, in its fiscal third quarter. Earnings, adjusted for stock option expense and amortization costs, were 14 cents per share.
The results exceeded Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of 13 cents per share.
The customer-management software developer posted revenue of $1.38 billion in the period, also beating Street forecasts. Analysts expected $1.37 billion, according to Zacks.
For the current quarter ending in January, Salesforce.com expects its per-share earnings to range from 13 cents to 14 cents. Analysts expect 15 cents per share, according to FactSet.
The San Francisco-based company said it expects revenue in the range of $1.44 billion for the fiscal fourth quarter. Analysts surveyed by Zacks had expected revenue of $1.45 billion.
Salesforce.com expects full-year earnings in the range of 51 cents to 52 cents per share, with revenue expected to be $5.37 billion.
Looking ahead, the company issued revenue guidance for fiscal 2016 of $6.45 billion to $6.5 billion. That compares with analysts' expectations of $6.66 billion, according to FactSet.
In after-hours trading, Salesforce.com shares traded at $58.26, down $2.76, or 4.5 percent.
_____
Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. CRM stock research report from Zacks.
_____
Keywords:Salesforce.com,Earnings Report

Uber investigating if exec broke privacy rules...and
versions
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Uber Technologies confirmed Wednesday that it is investigating whether one of its general managers violated the popular car-booking service's privacy policies by snooping on a reporter's ride.
The probe stems from allegations that Josh Mohrer, general manager of Uber's New York office, used a company tracking tool called "God View" to monitor the location of a BuzzFeed reporter earlier this month. Internet news service BuzzFeed first reported the investigation.
In a statement, Uber said access to the personal data of anyone using its car service is limited to "legitimate business purposes." The San Francisco company said employees violating the rules may be disciplined or fired.
News of the investigation followed a separate BuzzFeed story, which reported that another Uber executive recently threatened to look into the personal lives of journalists that have criticized Uber. Emil Michael, Uber senior vice president for business, made his remarks in New York during a dinner that was also attended by Uber CEO Travis Kalanick and a list of prominent guests including actor Ed Norton, New York Daily News owner Mort Zuckerman and Huffington Post CEO Arianna Huffington, according to a USA Today column published Wednesday.
The USA Today column was written by Michael Wolff, a prominent journalist, who said he invited BuzzFeed editor Ben Smith to the Uber dinner without informing his guest that all conversations were supposed to be off the record. Wolff said most other guests at the dinner didn't hear the conversation between Michael and Smith.
Michael apologized for his remarks earlier this week. In a series of messages on his Twitter account, Kalanick rebuked Michael.  "His remarks showed a lack of leadership, a lack of humanity, and a departure from our values and ideals," Kalanick tweeted. Kalanick also tweeted that he and Michael would learn from their mistakes.
The incidents have triggered a wave of tweets calling for a boycott of Uber, whose competition in the rapidly growing car-booking industry includes Sidecar and Lyft. Some of the investors backing Lyft also own stakes in BuzzFeed.

Centre to e-auction cancelled coal blocksThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

FM to review PSU banks performanceThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

OVL Profit Rises 9.6% to Rs 2 068 Crore in April-SeptemberThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian business leaders laud Prime Minister Narendra Modi s maiden Australia visitThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Atento Reports Third Quarter 2014 ResultsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Microsoft becomes worlds 2nd top co under NadellaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Traders holding gold stocks anticipating import curbsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Global markets: north and south american markets finished mixed as of ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Developed markets: us stocks wednesday`s close:---- dow 2 down; ...DEVELOPED MARKETS: US STOCKS Wednesday`s close:----
Dow 2 down; Nasdaq 27 down; S&P 3 down
The Fed is worried about the stock market. The Federal Reserve is not supposed to care about the stock market.,it only has two official mandates make sure enough Americans are working and ensure prices of consumer goods stay relatively stable. But the minutes of the Fed`s latest policy meeting clearly show that central bankers don`t ignore Wall Street. The Fed worries are the unemployment rate dipped, increasing economic risks outside the US borders and the Fed also cut its inflation outlook for the fourth quarter and early next year due to falling oil prices.
Latest News
The Fed is worried about the stock market
How to double your nest egg in 10 years
NBC kills Bill Cosby sitcom project
Cost of the American Dream home
No `Today` co-hosts have been fired
Elon Musk: Model X doesn`t have a door problem
JetBlue cuts legroom, charges for bags
This is what a deportation looks like
Barilla goes from worst to first on gay rights
Age-old building materials for future homes
Buy these 10 stocks now
College turns students into builders
4.20 AM Nov 20th  | Track

Sold 9000 @52.55 bought@38.50Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Moderator sir - please take our request into your kind consideration. ...51 Followers
Reposted about 19 days 1 hr 21 min 12 sec ago by anand24243
Dear MMB Moderator:   We are rather shocked to learn of the red-flagging of DANDO911, who is one of the most knowledgeable, constructive and productive boarders on MMB. He has been rendering excellent service by providing a lot of information and also guidance to the new investors.  I, therefore, feel, his red-flagging is highly illogical and unjustified and would request you to kindly RESTORE him at the earliest.  Thank you very much -- MKVISION

Catastrophic events could cost banks up to $15bnCommodities catastrophes could cost banks up to $15bn
Tom Braithwaite and Gregory Meyer in New York and Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e72f7a34-7034-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Auto accidents biggest killer of teens; lack of safety belts  inexperience to blameAuto accidents biggest killer of teens; lack of safety belts, inexperience to blame
Teens buckle up
John Smierciak / Chicago Tribune
Amber Crutchfield 18, (l to r) and Megan Nolan 18, belt up and get ready to head out onto the course. Over a dozen high school students took part in a pilot teen safety driving program at Route 66 Raceway in Joliet, Il. Sponsored by the National Safety Council and the Richard Petty Driving...
Amber Crutchfield 18, (l to r) and Megan Nolan 18, belt up and get ready to head out onto the course. Over a dozen high school students took part in a pilot teen safety driving program at Route 66 Raceway in Joliet, Il. Sponsored by the National Safety Council and the Richard Petty Driving... (John Smierciak / Chicago Tribune)
Highway and Road Disasters Highway and Road Transportation Auto Safety Automotive Industry
Auto accidents kill more U.S. teenagers than any other cause, and summer is known as the " 100 deadliest days for teen drivers ," according to the National Safety Council (NSC). 
The main culprit for the fatalities is not texting and driving. It’s an older problem: Not wearing seatbelts.
More than half of the 2,439 teens killed in auto accidents in 2012 were not wearing seatbelts, according to a new report called “ Teens in Cars ” compiled by Safe Kids Worldwide, a global organization dedicated to preventing injuries in children.
8
The results match similar findings by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety and the National Safety Council.
The General Motors-sponsored report surveyed 1,000 teens aged 13 to 19 to explore why teens aren’t wearing seatbelts and to “understand their perceptions about their own safety when riding as passengers.”
Passengers accounted for 44 percent of the fatalities. One in four teens said they don’t wear seatbelts when driving with a teen, and the number one reason was they forgot, or it’s not habit.
“Teens have an invincibility complex as not part of a fully developed brain,” says Kathy Bernstein, Senior Director of Teen Driving Initiative for the National Safety Council (NSC). The latest scientific thought suggests the brain isn’t fully developed until 25 years old.
You can't protect teens from themselves, so at some point natural selection has to take over.
independentVoter3
2
Wearing a seat belt reduces the risk of death for front seat passengers by 45 percent, according to the “Teens in Cars” study. And while the number of teen traffic fatalities has dropped 56 percent from a peak of 5,491 in 2002, the percentage of fatalities from not wearing seatbelts has remained the same.
Seat belt laws vary by states, which began enacting belt laws in the late 80s and early 90s. There are 33 states with primary laws, meaning a law enforcement official can stop a motorist and issue a ticket for not wearing a seat belt; 16 states have secondary laws, meaning a law enforcement official can only issue a ticket for a seat-belt violation if there is another violation. New Hampshire is the only state without seat belt laws for adults, though there is a provision covering all drivers and passengers under 18, according to the Governor’s Highway Safety Association .  
Seat belt laws can’t protect teens from themselves, however.  “They’re risk takers by nature,” says Bernstein.
The same may apply to their parents. Teens who don’t use seat belts are more likely to say their parents don’t use a seat belt every time they drive, according to the report.
Additionally, teens who don’t use seats belts are more likely to text while driving than those who do, the “Teens in Cars” study found. When someone was driving dangerously, 4 in 10 teens say they asked the driver to stop. Almost the same number said they did nothing.
Teen-to-teen positive peer pressure is effective in curbing dangerous driving habits. It can be equally effective between parents and teens.
“If you get in my car and don’t put on your belt, we’re not going anywhere,” Bernstein says.
More than half of the teens surveyed said they have seen a parent talking on the phone while driving, and 28 percent admitted to riding in a car with a parent who was texting.
“The minute [kids] get in the car, they’re watching the parent,” says Bernstein.
While there were no hard numbers on the effect on texting or distracted driving on fatalities, one study analyzed by the “Teens in Cars” report found that the odds of a crash or near-crash in newly licensed drivers was more than eight times greater when dialing a cell phone.
The main cause of teen auto accidents, however, is inexperience, according to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention and other safety agencies.
This inexperience is something Bruce Murakami knows firsthand. He lost his wife and 17-year-old daughter to a 19-year-old who was street racing.
He launched Safe Teen Driver and developed a driving program known as TRACK (Teaching Road Awareness and Consequences to Kids), where teens negotiate closed courses on golf carts crowded with three other teens, then press their speed on a go-kart track under video survellience that helps instructors work one-on-one with teen drivers.   
It’s eye-opening for teens, but perhaps not as shocking to see Murakami share the stage with the man responsible for the accident. As part of the plea, Justin Cabezas agreed to join Murakami to teach young drivers about responsible behavior behind the wheel of a car and to take responsibility for their actions.
“It’s surreal,” Murakami says. Even though Cabezas satisfied his sentence of 3,000 hours of speaking in 2005, he and Murakami have continued to tour, reaching over half a million teens since 2003.
 “I remember what I did and the dumb things my boys did,” Murakami says from his home in St. Petersburg, Fla. “I want to see lives saved. I want to educate kids and parents as best as possible.”
Even though Murakami and the NSC advocate Graduated Driver License (GDL) programs that limit riders and prescribe an extended period of supervision, parents hold the key to their kids’ safe driving future.
In a survey by the All State Foundation, 80 percent of teens said parents have the greatest influence over a teen’s driving habits.
“Look at how much time parents put into sports and studies,” Murakami asks. “But do they put that amount of time in their kid driving?”
“Parents have to be actively involved with their teen driver,” says Bernstein of the NSC, which says the most dangerous time of a teen’s life is on the road. “Put your seatbelt on and put the phone away and be constantly talking about it to your teen, preteen and child.”

Earlier school start times may be tied to teen driving accidentsEarlier school start times may be tied to teen driving accidents
Teen driver
KidStock / Getty Images/Blend Images
A new study suggests earlier start times at school increase the risk of accidents for teen drivers.
A new study suggests earlier start times at school increase the risk of accidents for teen drivers. (KidStock / Getty Images/Blend Images)
By Kathryn Doyle, Reuters
Teens with earlier high school start times may get in more car accidents than those with later start times.
"Study results suggest that early high school start times are problematic for teens' ability to drive safely."
"Teens are inexperienced and poor drivers and adding sleep deprivation to the mix is asking for trouble."
Teens with earlier high school start times may get in more car accidents than those with later start times, according to a study comparing two counties in Virginia.
The authors previously found a similar association in two other Virginia counties, which they published in 2011.
More than half of all teenagers killed in auto accidents were not wearing seat belts ( Robert Duffer )
"Our study results suggest that early high school start times are problematic for our teens' ability to drive safely, but they cannot prove a causal relationship between early high school start times and increased teen crashes," said lead author Dr. Robert Daniel Vorona of the Eastern Virginia Medical School in Norfolk.
But early start times may lead to sleep loss, he and his coauthors write.
Vorona and his coauthors used data from the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles to compare car accident frequencies in Chesterfield County, Virginia, where high school classes began at 7:20 a.m., with nearby Henrico County, where classes started at 8:45 a.m.
In the 2009-2010 school year, for every 1,000 licensed drivers ages 16 to 18, there were almost 49 crashes in Chesterfield, compared to 38 in Henrico.
8
The situation was similar for 17 to 18 year old teens in 2010-2011, although there was no difference overall between counties for 16 to 18 year olds.
In total over the two-year period, teens got into 707 crashes in Henrico county and 1074 crashes in Chesterfield, the researchers reported in the Journal of Clinical Sleep Medicine.
Middle and high schools should start at 8:30 a.m. or later to benefit the health and welfare of students, according to a 2014 policy statement from the American Academy of Pediatrics (see Reuters story of August 25, 2014 here: http://reut.rs/1uAsAZf). Poor sleep has been linked to increased risks of depression, anxiety, obesity and motor vehicle accidents, experts noted in an article published alongside the statement in Pediatrics.
American Academy of Sleep Medicine President Dr. Timothy Morgenthaler, a national spokesperson for the Healthy Sleep Project, told Reuters Health that research funded by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and reported in 2014 showed that for half of communities that instituted a later start time for their high schools, the rate of car crashes for high-school-age drivers dropped by 65 to 70 percent.
cComments
@onwis4 The study compared school start times, not lack of sleep. Earlier school start times "suggest" less sleep, but it is not "causal." The headline you suggest is for a story we don't have. It's safe to posit that lack of sleep causes more accidents for ALL...
Robert Duffer
2
"By decreasing the likelihood that teens will be sleep-deprived when getting behind the wheel in the morning, we can help decrease the chance they will be involved in an accident," Morgenthaler, who was not part of the new study, told Reuters Health in a statement.
Sleep and circadian rhythms change during adolescence, and school start times that aren't aligned with their sleep needs puts teens at risk for chronic sleep restriction, he said.
"In puberty, a natural shift occurs in the timing of the body's internal ‘circadian' clock, causing most teens to have a biological preference for a late-night bedtime," Morgenthaler said. "Current school start times are asking teens to shine when their biological clock tells them to sleep."
Scheduling school start times should be a collaboration between parents and local school boards, he said.
"My suggestion would be that high schools should optimally start in the area of 8:30 to 8:45 such as the two later starting jurisdictions in our two studies," Vorona told Reuters Health by email. "I would expect that they would need to end the school day later."
Parents should explain how important adequate sleep is to teens, and restrict their driving to and from school and otherwise if their teen has not achieved sufficient sleep, Vorona said.
"Teens are inexperienced and poor drivers and adding sleep deprivation to the mix is asking for trouble," he said.
SOURCE: http://bit.ly/1Hc0FE4 Journal of Clinical Sleep Medicine, November 14, 2014

For Google s self-driving cars  learning to deal with the bizarre is essential0
Another issue is that Google's cars require detailed computerized maps of the streets where they operate, prompting concerns that it would be a huge undertaking to create such maps for everywhere the vehicles go.
Google officials acknowledge many issues need to be resolved, but say they're encouraged by their progress so far.
The company recently began experimenting at NASA's Ames Research Center with a two-seat prototype with no steering wheel or other controls other than a stop-and-start button. It also has run its cars through more than 4 million miles of computer-simulated driving. But most of its actual road tests lately have been in Mountain View, which has plenty of potential hazards, from jaywalkers to people chasing ducks.
Those tests are being done with hybrid Lexus cars modified with radar, video cameras, a rooftop laser and other sensors that see everything around them. Several times when those devices detected a bicyclist or another motorist getting worrisomely close during this reporter's ride, the vehicle slowed and edged away from the potential danger. And when a big bush blocked its view when it needed to turn, the car proceeded at a snail's pace around the corner until its sensors got a better view and the car picked up speed again.
On state roads, California requires a person be on hand to take control of the car in emergencies. So on the ride by this reporter, one Googler sat in front, in case he had to grab the steering wheel as occasionally happens when the researchers want to be extra cautious, while another monitored computer data on how the car reacted in different situations. They also tried to assess something a bit more subjective how well the car got along with other traffic.
"Driving can be a social thing where you're using your vehicle and a little bit of body language in your car to communicate with other drivers what your intentions are," said Brian Torcellini, who oversees a group of 50 people who participate in the tests. "So we're now trying to teach the car different ways to sort of fit in with society and the way that other people drive."
To date, none of the cars has gotten a traffic ticket or caused an accident, though they've been rear-ended by other drivers a couple of times, said Google spokeswoman Katelin Jabbari. That was verified by Bernard Soriano, deputy director of the California Department of Motor Vehicles, adding "we're pleased" by the safety record.
So when will Google's cars be commercially available?
Company co-founder Sergey Brin has predicted it could be as soon 2017. If so, that probably would be in limited areas for ride-sharing services or others who could operate the cars more economically than individual consumers, said Lawrence Burns, a former General Motors executive who's now a Google consultant.
But eventually, he expects the cars to become commonplace, assuming they can get enough experience with bizarre situations to handle them without a hitch.
"I'm optimistic," Burns said. "Every mile is a chance to discover something unusual."

TEV Project  the slot-car highwayRead more about these links.
(TEV Project)
The Roman poet Virgil once noted that fortune favours the bold. That bodes well for inventor Will Jones, the proponent of an audacious solution to traffic gridlock, air pollution and fossil-fuel dependence.
Related
The $300,000 toy race track
His brainchild is a network of electrified roadways that would allow drivers of battery-electric vehicles to travel at up to 120mph (200kph), with no need to stop and recharge.
Jones calls the concept the Tracked Electric Vehicle Project , or TEV, because electric cars travel along recessed “tracks” outfitted with two electric rails down the middle. The EVs connect with the rails via drop-down contacts, similar to how miniature slot cars operate.
“If we can do it with toy cars, we can do it with real cars,” says Jones, an inventor, battery-design expert and founder and owner of Philadelphia Scientific, which provides products and services for industrial batteries and electrical infrastructure. “If you achieve direct contact, energy density [for battery-electric cars] goes from inadequate to infinite. It’s a magical thing.”
The argument for a TEV-like solution is compelling. The World Bank predicts that more cars will be built in the next 20 years than were manufactured in the previous 120 years. And in developed economies, passenger-transport volume is expected to grow 50% from 2010 levels, according to figures from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.
(TEV Project)
The TEV footprint would not exceed that of existing highways. The system also could be built on dedicated elevated roadways or even in tunnels, Jones notes. No large buses or trucks would travel on them, but robotic light-freight vehicles and mini-buses could potentially operate on TEV routes.
Furthermore, with minor modifications, TEV users could ride in their own electric or hybrid cars, which Jones calls “dual-mode” vehicles because they could be used on both TEV roadways or on traditional streets. Users could also ride in “single-mode” robotic TEV cars that would ply the tracks full-time.
(TEV Project)
Jones is among a handful of transportation entrepreneurs who view an overhaul of road infrastructure as the most direct way to lower vehicles’ carbon emissions. Scott and Julie Brusaw, of the US startup Solar Roadways, have covered parking lots and sidewalks in hexagonal solar panels that can send power back to the grid, or into electric vehicles via inductive charging – with eyes towards adapting the technology to roadways. TEV distinguishes itself from such projects in its emphasis on maximising vehicle density on the road. TEV achieves that density via what Jones calls “close-coupling” of cars in large, high-speed convoys.
(TEV Project)
While all this may smack of science fiction, Jones asserts it’s imminently doable, with no mind-bending technological breakthroughs required. No special cars. No development of more advanced fuel cells or batteries. In fact, Jones intends TEV to be an open-source project, absorbing the ideas and expertise of innovators, entrepreneurs and governments. “There’s nothing revolutionary here – except for the concept,” he says.
(TEV Project)
Sceptics may try to derail TEV by citing its potential expense. And at an estimated $2m per mile, it is not a cheap fix for traffic gridlock and emissions from fossil-fuel-burning engines. Then again, it may be considerably less expensive than other transportation alternatives such as high-speed rail or miles upon miles of more and wider highways.
“Of course it will be expensive,” Jones concedes. “The answer here is a public-private partnership, with tolls paid by users. There are a lot of investors who are ready to invest considerable sums of money in transportation construction projects where the payback comes from tolls.”
(TEV Project)
As a first step, the US Department of Transportation has invited Jones to make a presentation in December 2014 at a workshop held by the Federal Highway Administration’s Exploratory Advanced Research Program, which is examining solutions to surface-transportation woes.
“We have to do something,” Jones says. “This isn’t just a ‘green’ thing, it’s an everyone thing.”
(TEV Project)
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

Congratulations to Chris Hemsworth: Live  sexy  and maleBy Alexandra Petri November 19 Follow @petridishes
He looks very alive. (Richard Shotwell/Invision/Associated Press)
Chris Hemsworth has been named People’s Sexiest Man Alive . I am relieved to hear that he is all three things! I was worried that he was just sexy, but he is also male and alive! These are truly characteristics on which he should be congratulated. He must have great fun walking down streets and into high-powered business meetings.
You can see other, less sexy live males in this photo for comparison. (Mario Anzuoni/Reuters)
Many people are sexy, but this does them no good. When they walk down the street, people whistle and hoot at them and shout anatomically specific requests. When they appear in superhero movies, they are forced to wear tight pants and take odd stances that look like a cat climbing uncomfortably out of a high litter box.
Some people are male and sexy, but they died in 1830 so this was no use to them at all.
Some people are male and alive, but they are Guy Fieri.
Guy Fieri (Chris Haston/NBC)
But Chris Hemsworth has it all. Male, sexy, and alive! What more could he ask?
Chris Hemsworth can travel through time as he likes . He is also white and heterosexual. He looks a little like Gen. George Custer , but alive and with slightly better hair. He is so muscular that he looks like he could crush a puppy without meaning to. He has earned acclaim playing a character who is baffled by cultural references and sometimes throws a hammer – surprisingly, not a TV dad. All in all, he is everything one could hope from a live sexy male.
Still, before I learned of his appointment, I began to compile a list of alternatives for Better Sexiest Men Alive, and I think they stand:
* guy who argues respectfully with you on the Internet without using the word “sweetheart” or “dear” or “sweetie”
* guy on the street who smiles pleasantly as you walk past without whistling or hollering
* big wheel of cheese cut into the shape of a man, especially cheddar
* team behind the Dyson Airblade hand dryer because that thing is amazing
* the Hulk
* guys who insist objectification is wrong (er, wait)
Alexandra Petri writes the ComPost blog, offering a lighter take on the news and opinions of the day.

McDonald s Moscow restaurant reopens after shutdownMcDonald's Moscow restaurant reopens after shutdown
McDonald's Moscow
SERGEI KARPUKHIN, Reuters Photo
A customer holds balloons outside a McDonald's restaurant on the day of its reopening in central Moscow.
A customer holds balloons outside a McDonald's restaurant on the day of its reopening in central Moscow. (SERGEI KARPUKHIN, Reuters Photo)
Chicago Tribune
Europe Russia McDonald's Dining and Drinking European Union Ukraine Crisis (2013-2014)
McDonald's first and largest restaurant in Russia reopened after local officials closed the location for three months, an optimistic sign for a company trying to return to business as usual in the country.
The outlet, in Moscow's Pushkin Square, resumed business Wednesday, said Svetlana Polyakova, a spokeswoman for McDonald's Russia. Two more Moscow restaurants that were forced to close will reopen, one this month and another in January, after modernizing their interiors and equipment, she said.
0
The resumption of operations at Pushkin Square follows a clash between McDonald's and Russian consumer-safety regulators, who stepped up inspections of restaurants and ordered some to be closed. The troubles accompanied mounting geopolitical tensions over the conflict in Ukraine. After the U.S. and European Union imposed sanctions on Russia, President Vladimir Putin struck back with an import ban on certain foods.
There have been about 250 safety probes into McDonald's restaurants in Russia this year, Polyakova said. Six restaurants — two in Moscow, one in Sochi and three in Volgograd -- remain closed after court decisions and the company will appeal their closings, McDonald's said in a statement on its website.
Russia's consumer-safety agency has also taken the U.S. fast-food chain to court for allegedly understating the caloric value of its burgers and milkshakes, and having microbial contamination in other products.
Russia represents a big chunk of business for McDonald's — about $2.2 billion in sales, according to Euromonitor. As McDonald's outlets in Russia are company-owned, these sales count fully as McDonald's revenue. Worldwide, the company took in $28 billion in revenue last year.
The store closings in Russia as well as some earlier voluntary closings in Crimea, the region in Ukraine annexed by Russia this year, shaved a penny off the company's per-share third-quarter earnings, which ended up at $1.09.
McDonald's arrived in Soviet-era Russia in 1990 and was seen as a symbol of the nation's rising prospects, helping open the communist nation to foreign enterprise. While regulators have cited violations of sanitation rules by McDonald's, the timing and scope of the closings were seen as a response to Western sanctions against Russia.
The Pushkin Square restaurant was McDonald's first location in the country. When it opened almost 25 years ago, it drew long lines. McDonald's has more than 35,600 restaurants worldwide, with 440 in Russia as of the end of August.

Why family-values conservatives should rally behind Obama on immigrationBy Emily Badger November 19 Follow @emilymbadger
(Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
The executive action that President Obama is expected to take this week could delay deportations for millions of undocumented immigrants , which is a fairly clinical way of describing any reprieve he might grant. Another way to put it is that he'll delay the deportations of millions of mothers or fathers, and stave off — at least for now — the breakup of millions of families.
However you feel about the legal basis of such executive action, that policy itself is pro-family. And anyone who believes that children thrive best with two parents at home — anyone who's lamented the decline in America of two-parent households — should recognize that while immigrants may come to the U.S. for economic opportunity, they often want and need to stay for their children.
Obama is scheduled to rally support for his plan on Friday in Las Vegas, in a state where nearly one in five children grades k-12 has a parent who's an unauthorized immigrant. That means nearly one in five children of school age in Nevada could lose a parent at any time — a single parent or a second one — without any movement from Washington on immigration. Without their parents, these children would also lose out on the things that are on average easier for two parents to provide: income, stability, reading time, attention.
Nationwide, a Pew Research Center report released this week found that 6.9 percent of all students enrolled in kindergarten through 12th grade, as of 2012, had at least one unauthorized immigrant parent. Those children are disproportionately clustered in a handful of states: Nevada, California, Texas and Arizona. The societal consequences of family breakup, in other words, would be magnified in those places, too.
According to the Migration Policy Institute , about 3.5 million of the 11.4 million undocumented immigrants in the U.S. live with a child who is a U.S. citizen. Another 671,000 live with children who are undocumented, too. About 4.3 million are married — either to U.S. citizens, legal permanent residents or other undocumented immigrants.
If the scale of these numbers doesn't grab you, read this story by the Post's Eli Saslow about how deportation divided a single family.
National debates around immigration reform and poverty typically take place in separate spheres. But here they are intimately related. If children of poor, inner-city single mothers would be better off with two parents at home, the same is true of the children of immigrants. Likewise, as policymakers — and particularly those on the right — are trying to find ways to create stable families for children who don't have them, it makes little sense to pry apart families that currently exist.
None of this is an argument for whether Obama has a legal right to grant such deportation delays, or whether it's politically savvy of him to forge forward without Republican support. But to the extent that some conservatives oppose anything that looks like amnesty, it's worth noting that amnesty promotes another favorite conservative priority: family values.
Emily Badger is a reporter for Wonkblog covering urban policy. She was previously a staff writer at The Atlantic Cities.

Trusting the Crowd and the Machinesreddit
We exist in a context that is constantly and rapidly changing and the way we work is central to that change. Economic growth used to mean more jobs but that is no longer the case. These days, output can grow overall, with no increase in employment. Since 2000, GDP in the US has been able to grow faster than employment suggesting that technology already destroys more jobs than it creates.  The robotics and 3-D printing revolutions could accelerate this trend still further, as the comparatively low entry cost for these disruptive technologies makes them widely accessible to everyone, including developing economies. Losing occupations does not necessarily mean losing jobs in the conventional sense -- just changing what people do. A growing proportion of jobs in the future will require creative intelligence, social intelligence and the ability to leverage artificial intelligence.
A recent Future of Work Conference in Chicago established that physical and reasoning tasks are increasingly being done by machines alongside people, enabling people to work on more strategic things rather than look at spreadsheets. Through the 'creative destruction' of technology a lot of jobs will disappear (particularly for middle management) and a lot of new jobs we cannot yet imagine will be created. The growth in new jobs will occur as much through crowd sourced freelancers as within the bounds of the corporation.
Whilst middle managers seem to be at risk of extinction, senior managers are far from obsolete. According to Mc Kinsey :
As machine learning progresses at a rapid pace, top executives will be called on to create the innovative new organizational forms needed to crowdsource the far-flung human talent that's coming online around the globe. Those executives will have to emphasize their creative abilities, their leadership skills and their strategic thinking.
As the war for talent increasingly happens outside the traditional organizational boundaries the implications are immense. 45 percent of workers in the US are already described as contingent and this trend is now spreading to other regions. Young people in countries across Europe and Asia are choosing to work this way as their preferred lifestyle.  New organisational forms will evolve that overlay the responsiveness of start-ups through the nimbleness of network structures with the execution efficiency of traditional hierarchy.
To facilitate this transformation the employee-employer relationship is shifting from how much value can be extracted from workers to how much can be instilled in them. The benefits of tapping the full range of people's knowledge and talents may be obvious, yet it's surprising that so few companies do it. Elite universities and hospitals, Goldman Sachs and McKinsey have all been adding value to valuable people for a very long time. Google and Apple are more recent examples. They do this in myriad ways -- by providing networks, creative interaction with peers, stretch assignments, training and association with a brand that confers elite status on employees and collaborators.
At LVMH, the world's largest luxury-goods company you'd expect to find brilliant, creative innovators like Nicolas Ghesquière and Marc Jacobs. But alongside them you also encounter a high proportion of executives and specialists who monitor and assess ideas with an analytical business focus. One of the ingredients in LVMH's success is having a culture where opposite types can thrive and work cooperatively by enabling connections within and beyond the organization.
Connections can lead to new learning. Companies should create environments-both physical and virtual-that help employees to develop new connections and also to strengthen their existing relationships, as traditional work environments of rows of desks are obsolete to do so. To support effective connections it is essential to create workplace environments that foster serendipitous encounters. Many firms already build their workplace environments with the common areas strategically positioned to allow workers to "bump into each other." These types of environments should also be developed in virtual settings. A recent Harvard Business Review article notes that social media has the potential to save companies $1.3 trillion, largely owing to improvements in intra-office collaboration. It is clear that the experience of work needs to be understood and curated inside and outside corporate office space, in both the physical and virtual realms.
At Microsoft the Workplace Advantage program supports people to work flexibly from anywhere within and outside the office and has modernized the workplace by introducing a variety of vibrant and dynamic collaborative environments to bring people together within and across functions to get more done. Individual and team effectiveness have both increased by more than 10 percent as has overall workplace satisfaction.
This trend is not just evident in technology firms who are expected to be leading the way but across even more conservative industries like financial services.  After several years of development  Rabobank Nederland, the banking arm of the largest financial services provider in the Netherlands, Rabobank Group,  has rolled out Rabo Unplugged ; an organizational and technical infrastructure that allows employees to connect to one another from practically anywhere while still meeting the stringent encryption standards that banking systems require. With no fixed offices or rigid job descriptions, Rabobank's employees are responsible for the results of their work, but they are free to choose how, where, when and with whom to carry it out. This approach requires managers to place an extraordinary amount of trust in subordinates, and it demands that employees become more entrepreneurial and collaborative.
Piet van Schijndel, member of the Board of Directors of Rabobank Nederland, says:
I predict that over the next ten years, one of the biggest problems we will face is how to get good people to join our company. If you have something to offer where people can balance their work and their home life in a modern way which suits those people, then that would naturally be a way for our company to attract people.
The business environment of the future needs to trust people and technology and provide flexibility and choice for employees  to connect with complementary skills across a network, to work together on challenges, to learn fast, unlock their passion and improve performance.  Such an environment helps people feel energized and connected to the organization and attracts, inspires and retains talent. Ultimately, that's what productivity improvement really means.
Follow Despina Katsikakis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dkatsikakis
More:

Bentley  the boatmakerMeet Bentley's massive Grand Convertible
By  Stephen Dobie
Fans of understatement, look away now: it's the new Bentley Grand Convertible.
Related
Mulsanne fit for a Bentley Boy
It's described by Bentley boss Wolfgang Dürheimer as "embodying elegance beyond compare". So long as you deem “elegance” to be “five and a half metres long and two-tone”, you can't really argue with him.
The Grand Convertible is technically a concept, and has not been confirmed for production yet. But it appears to share much with the Mulsanne and looks ready for sale, so we'd be flabbergasted if Bentley chickened out. Crewe has a past with two-door drop-tops like this, the Azure being spun off previous Continental and Arnage models.
This GC remains very much in the same vein as the Azure. A 530bhp, 811lb-ft 6.75-litre twin-turbo V8 engine drives the rear wheels, and that's probably one of its subtler boasts.
For instance, that “Sequin Blue” paint is so-called because it originates from a customer's bespoke colour, matched to a sequin from their haute couture gown. We'd wager that's not how Dacia sources its colour palette.
Want more silly facts? The wooden tonneau cover, made from dark-stained burr walnut, is the largest piece of wood veneer yet seen on a Bentley, and it's made by hand. Meanwhile, the interior contains no fewer than 14 leather hides, lashed together with more sequin-coloured stitching.
Bentley may try to describe the Grand Convertible as “understated in style”, but we're not buying it. There's no skulking around anonymously in one of these, but that's doubtless the point.
The monster cabrio made its debut at the Los Angeles auto show, where customer reaction will dictate whether it makes it to production as "a highly exclusive, extremely limited collector's piece". LA strikes us as a rather tactical place to go to get a rapturous response to a vast, blingy convertible...
A version of this story originally appeared on TopGear.com .

Gifted men earn more than gifted women  and they value time differently. But both report being happy.What is the stuff that defines success for the most intellectually gifted?
Money? Working long hours? Making time for close relationships?
The answer varies, depending on whether such people are men or women. At least that’s what Vanderbilt University researchers found in their latest batch of research from the Study of Mathematically Precocious Youth , a decades-long project that began in the 1970s with two groups of mathematically gifted 13-year-olds. The new report was published in Psychological Science this month.
Those kids (1,037 boys and 613 girls) have grown up to become academics, scientists, lawyers. One is even a MacArthur "Genius Grant" award winner. They were questioned about a number of different aspects of their lives once they were in their late 40s and early 50s. And on so many different measures, this group was split along gender lines; but when it came to their emotional well-being, men and women alike reported high marks.
The questions related to emotional well-being measured how respondents felt about their relationships, their careers, the professional successes they’ve had and life satisfaction. They were also asked about flourishing and their positive feelings.
"One interpretation of the lack of appreciable differences between the sexes across these indicators is that there are multiple ways to construct a meaningful, productive and satisfying life," the authors write in the report.
Family remained the single biggest key to a meaningful life for both the men and the women in the study. But there were still big differences in how the two genders spent their time, and what kind of value they placed on such pursuits.
Full-time work, making an impact and earning a lot of money were much bigger priorities for the men. Women, as a whole, placed greater importance on part-time work, community service, being involved with their families and making time for close relationships.
There were other differences by sex. The men were more likely than the women to be chief executives or in STEM fields. The women were more likely to be in general business or education -- or homemakers. (Law, medicine and finance had equal representation of the two genders.)
Men and women also earned different salaries: Median incomes of $140,000 for the men and $80,000 for the women. Oh, and the spouses of such women still earned more than their gifted wives, with median incomes over $100,000.
“Men and women valued career choices, community and family somewhat differently in constructing lives that were satisfying, yet both were equally happy with their outcomes,” study co-author Camilla Benbow said in a statement. “Both genders used their intellectual abilities to create resources for themselves, and with those resources come choice and the ability to exercise preferences.”
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

US urged not to punish objecting GuantanamonurseAmerican Nurses Association has urged America not to punish the objecting Guantanamo nurse.
By: Associated Press | Miami | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:06 am
A Navy nurse who refused to take part in the force-feeding of prisoners on hunger strike at the US base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, acted within his rights and should be spared from military punishment, the president of the American Nurses Association said in a letter released Wednesday.
ANA President Pamela Cipriano said in the letter to Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel that the nurse, a Navy lieutenant whose name has not been released, was expressing a legitimate ethical objection to the practice of administering liquid nutrients through a nasal-gastric tube to prisoners on hunger strike to protest their indefinite confinement.
“The ANA code of ethics for nurses clearly supports the ethical right of a professional nurse to make an independent judgment about whether he or she should participate in this or any other such activity,” she said. “This right must be protected and exercised without concern for retaliation.”
The military sent the nurse home early from his assignment at Guantanamo and he returned to his duty station at the Naval Health Clinic New England. His lawyer, Ron Meister, said a board of inquiry may be convened to consider whether he should be forced out of the service, possibly with the loss of his retirement and veteran benefits.
“What’s at stake for our client is very, very substantial,” he said.
The nurse was the first known member of the medical staff assigned to the detention center to refuse to take part in the feeding of prisoners on hunger strike.
Since early 2006, the US has strapped down hunger striking prisoners who meet certain criteria and tube feed them in a procedure officials refer to as “enteral feeding.” The military says the process is done by medical staff in a humane way with as little discomfort to the prisoner as possible but prisoners and their lawyers say it’s painful and unnecessary and they should be allowed to refuse.

DISH higher on wireless spectrum bids
Samsung heirs notch up gains on SDS IPOSamsung heirs notch up gains on SDS IPO
Simon Mundy and Song Jung-a in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/929c603a-6bc6-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

G20 leaders call for global action on EbolaG20 leaders call for global action to tackle Ebola
Jamie Smyth and George Parker in Brisbane
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3c92b80a-6cbc-11e4-b125-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dear Mr. President: Act Now on Immigrationreddit
In light of the refusal by the Republican House of Representatives to pass the Senate's bipartisan immigration reform bill, I urge you to take executive action to fulfill the critical goals of that comprehensive bill, which passed the Senate on a bipartisan vote of 68-32 on June 27, 2013.
In doing so, you will be following in the tradition of past presidents of both parties. Eleven presidents have used their executive authority at least 40 times on immigration over the last 60 years. President Ronald Reagan signed into law a major immigration bill legalizing three million immigrants, and then took executive action to stop deportations that would interfere with family reunification. President George Herbert Walker Bush used his executive powers to halt the deportations of up to 1.5 million family members.
For 17 months, you have been very patient with House Republican leaders, encouraging them to either take up and pass the bipartisan Senate bill or work with you to craft a different bill.
Mr. President, I don't remember hearing one Republican in Congress complain when Republican presidents took executive action on immigration. I urge you to ignore the angry voices of the do-nothing crowd in Congress who have repeatedly blocked progress on immigration reform. If they really cared about fixing our broken immigration system, they would not be threatening to shut down the government or file wasteful lawsuits -- they would just do their job and pass comprehensive immigration reform.
Reforming our immigration system is one of the best things we could do for our economy. A recent USC study showed that immigration reform that includes a path to citizenship would inject $8 billion into California's economy each year. Nationwide, it would increase our GDP by $1.5 trillion over 10 years, increase wages for workers, and lead to between 750,000 and 900,000 new jobs, according to the Center for American Progress.
I know that you are working on this issue very diligently because you understand that if we do not act, the dire situation of undocumented immigrants will only get worse -- families will continue to be torn apart and, as people continue to live in the shadows, our economy will suffer. So two important priorities are at stake -- a healthy economy and our family values.
The American people, including the people of my state, support bold and compassionate action on immigration reform. I wanted you to know that you will have my strong support if you take executive action to keep our families together and strengthen our economy.
Sincerely,

The next ad frontier: Brain scans  eye sensorsDelhi cab rape case: What Uber, others say and what they deliver
This may sound like science fiction, but it isn’t. Market research firm Nielsen India has announced the launch of its first neuroscience lab in the country to gauge consumer attention and brand engagement by measuring brainwaves. The first lab will be set up in Mumbai followed by Delhi.
The lab will measure brainwaves and track eye movements to provide a real-time picture of consumers’ subconscious reactions to brand messages. It will use two techniques to capture the reactions — electroencephalography (EEG) and eye-tracking sensors. The EEG method will use non-invasive caps that will measure brain activity while the eye-tracking sensors will study the movement of pupils.
While marketers will define the target group, Nielsen will conduct the research. The research involves individuals wearing special headgear held together by gels and wires and viewing videos or visuals in a closed room. The data captured in the headgear is then downloaded for analysis.
The research, according to Nielsen, will be useful across the marketing spectrum — from ads to aisles and from food to finance. Neuroscience can help in the areas of ad effectiveness, product design, in-store marketing, experiential marketing etc, said the market research company.
It already runs such labs in the UK, Germany, Russia, Brazil, Mexico, Columbia, Japan, the US and China.
Nielsen has already been providing neurological solutions in some measure to its clients in India and with the full-fledged lab plans to commence the exercise on a large scale. Joe Willke, president, Nielsen Neuro, said that neuroscience has penetrated fields such as economy, sociology and psychology. “Marketing communications is, in fact, the last bastion. If a television ad commercial is pre-tested and consumer reaction to it gauged before its final launch, it could help in optimising marketing spends by at least 5-10% and that’s a huge saving for companies alongside helping them tailor their communication for the intended purpose,” Willke said. “This kind of diagnosis is just not possible with traditional market research tools.”
“With these technologies, we can measure attention on a second-by-second basis,” Willke said, adding that big advertising and marketing spenders such as auto, financial services and telecom have already adopted neuroscience for market research.
Sanjay Tripathy, executive vice-president and head, marketing, product, digital & e-commerce, HDFC Life, said that as a marketer, he is excited about the possibilities offered by neuromarketing. Arguing that most purchase decisions are taken unconsciously and, hence, parameters such as behaviour, attention, cognition, emotion, perception, etc, are acquiring a new place in business-related matters and specifically in brand marketing, he said: “Consumer neuroscience, if executed with diligence, is the future of market research.”
Mediacom, a media agency owned by WPP, too, has a tool called Real World Street, which works on the same principle.
Even as the experiments in neuroscience marketing gain ground, marketers are treading the path cautiously. Santosh Desai, managing director and chief executive at Future Brands, said neuroscience is a bit ‘dodgy’. “There are ethical issues in this form of research since it bypasses the normal cognitive process and delves into the subconscious,” he said.
TAGS: Nielsen India
More from companies

RIL seeks 1-year extension for developing CBM blocks in MPRBI to release norms for single authentication in a month: Dy Guv H R Khan
Reliance Industries (RIL) has sought one-year extension for development of its two coal bed methane (CBM) blocks — Sohagpur (East) and Sohagpur (West) in Madhya Pradesh — due to a delay in land acqusition. The Ambani firm bagged both these blocks in the first round of the CBM auctioning in 2001 and the development phase expires in 2014.
The upstream regulator Directorate General of Hydrocarbons (DGH) has opined in favour of the explorer to extend the development phase by one year under the Article 10.5 of the CBM contract till 2015, a source told FE. Article 10.5 of the CBM contract provides for extension of the development phase not exceeding one year to complete the development phase.
The development phase for Sohagpur (East) would end on December 1, 2014, while in case of Sohagpur (West) it was valid till October 25, 2014. Currently, CBM production in the country is just 0.60 million metric standard cubic metre per day (mmscmd). It is likely to go upto 4 mmscmd by 2016-17, with substantial gas being produced from the two RIL blocks.
The gross in-place CBM potentials of RIL’s Eastern block is 1.69 trillion cubic feet (47.7 billion cubic metres) while it is 1.96 trillion cubic feet (55.5 billion cubic metres) for the western acreage.
RIL has told the government that both the CBM blocks are located in tribal districts of Shahdol and Annuppur in Madhya Pradesh. The major portion of the land falls under the category of tribal or forest land and therefore land acquisition has been a major challenge to make progress.
“The contractor has informed that development activities are under progress, but land acquisition process is getting delayed due to land owner’s unwillingness and new land acqusition of 2013,” said the official quoted above.
Earlier in December 2012, the government accepted RIL’s plea to consider commencement of development phase from the date of grant of mining lease, which was December 2, 2009 for Sohagpur (East) and October 10, 2009 for Sohagpur (West). This was because RIL lost about two years in the process of getting mining lease before it could commence any activity for the development phase. Moreover, this delay was not because of any fault of the contractor, the Ambani firm had told the petroleum ministry.
On the other hand, RIL, which started development drilling in February 2011, suspended the work in March 2012 pending clarity on pricing of gas produced from the CBM blocks. The latest gas pricing policy, approved by Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led government on October 18, has set gas price at $5.61/mBtu from all sources including CBM blocks.
Earlier reports suggest that RIL came up with gas pricing hovering around $12-13/mBtu, while carrying out the price discovery for these blocks.
TAGS: Reliance Industries
More from economy
Current account deficit rises to 2.1 pct in Q2 as gold imports soar The current account deficit widened to 10.1 billion dollar or 2.1 per cent of GDP for the September quarter as against 1.2 per cent in the year-ago...

Kisan Vikas Patra relaunched to boost domestic savingsRBI to release norms for single authentication in a month: Dy Guv H R Khan
With the rate of domestic savings falling to below 30% from a peak of 36.8% due to the economic slowdown, the government on Tuesday relaunched Kisan Vikas Patra (KVP) to encourage people to save more.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley said the KVP would help poor, gullible investors to channelise their savings towards a trusted government scheme instead of some ponzi schemes, where hard earned savings disappear. KVP is also aimed at helping increase savings in the country so that they can in turn be used for nation-building, the minister said.
Jaitley said this simple and safe product, in its first phase, would be a bearer instrument without name of the holder. KVP will be available in the denomination of R1,000, R5,000, R10,000 and R50,000. It has no upper ceiling for investment and can be encashed after a lock-in period of 30 months.
The KVP certificates will be sold through post offices initially, but they will later on be made available to the investing public through designated branches of nationalised banks. However, there won’t be any tax benefit for investment in KVP.
TAGS: Arun Jaitley Kisan Vikas Patra Ponzi Schemes
More from economy
Current account deficit rises to 2.1 pct in Q2 as gold imports soar The current account deficit widened to 10.1 billion dollar or 2.1 per cent of GDP for the September quarter as against 1.2 per cent in the year-ago...

Corridor authority outline ready; PM to resolve row over chiefRBI to release norms for single authentication in a month: Dy Guv H R Khan
The government has readied a proposal outlining the structure of the National Industrial Corridor Development Authority (NICDA) that would oversee the development of such corridors across the country. NICDA, as per a note prepared by the department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP) in the commerce and industry ministry, will supersede the extant Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor Project Implementation Trust and the DMIC Development Corporation (DMICDC).
The DIPP being the nodal agency for DMICDC wants secretary at the department to head the proposed authority but, sources said, the finance ministry’s department of economic affairs (DEA) has raised objection to this, saying that since the DMIC Trust is headed by the top bureaucrat at DEA, he/she should be at the helm of NICDA. DIPP secretary is ex officio chairman of DMICDC. The dispute over who should head NICDA will now have to be resolved by PM Narendra Modi.
The DIPP, importantly, has also proposed that NICDA take over the funds received by DMIC so that a common pool of funds is created for allocation to various industrial corridors being built. Though the Budget proposed an initial corpus of only R100 crore for NICDA, this could be hiked to R1,000 crore, sources added.
NICDA, to be headquartered in Pune, was proposed in Budget 2014-15 to coordinate the development of industrial/economic corridors. These include the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC), Amritsar-Kolkata Industrial Corridor, Chennai-Bangalore Industrial Corridor, Bangalore-Mumbai Economic Corridor and the Vizag-Chennai corridor.
The government is also mulling a new law — the National Industrial Corridor Authority (NICA) Act — on the lines of the NHAI Act, to give certainty to foreign investors, including multilateral funding agencies such as the ADB (backing the Vizag-Chennai corridor) and government agencies such as JBIC and Japan International Cooperation Agency (supporting DMIC).
TAGS: NICDA
More from economy
Current account deficit rises to 2.1 pct in Q2 as gold imports soar The current account deficit widened to 10.1 billion dollar or 2.1 per cent of GDP for the September quarter as against 1.2 per cent in the year-ago...

Is Facebook big enough to get a proper jobTechnology groups in a war to dominate the world of work
Richard Waters in San Francisco and Hannah Kuchler in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/1dcb18fc-6f3e-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Juncker must step back on tax probesJuncker should step back on tax avoidance issues
EU chief must formally remove himself from commission probes
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0a4a2cf8-6f22-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brazils Rousseff needs to rethink game planBrazil’s Rousseff needs to rethink game plan
Joe Leahy in São Paulo
President reviews tactics after loss of star players
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9bff4732-6f13-11e4-b060-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Opec: To cut  or not to cutNo easy options for Opec over oil slide
Anjli Raval, Oil and Gas Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0791de38-6f0f-11e4-b060-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lack of consensus underlines the struggles the cartel faces to address the relentless rise in US shale outputNo easy options for Opec over oil slide
Anjli Raval, Oil and Gas Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0791de38-6f0f-11e4-b060-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How cities recover from natural disasterShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
How cities recover from natural disaster
Nov 18, 2014 : Special report: Recovering from Natural Disaster. For some it will be too much water, for others, too little. Some will suffer extreme heat, and others, record cold. So how will cities recover from future natural disasters?  The FT's Christopher Booker looks for a recovery road map.
Links:  Special Report: Recovering from Natural Disaster  /  Credits: Filmed and produced by Christopher Booker. Additional footage from Getty Images.

For some it will be too much water  for others too little. For some extreme heat  others cold. How will cities recoverShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
How cities recover from natural disaster
Nov 18, 2014 : Special report: Recovering from Natural Disaster. For some it will be too much water, for others, too little. Some will suffer extreme heat, and others, record cold. So how will cities recover from future natural disasters?  The FT's Christopher Booker looks for a recovery road map.
Links:  Special Report: Recovering from Natural Disaster  /  Credits: Filmed and produced by Christopher Booker. Additional footage from Getty Images.

Samsung to reduce smartphone rangeSamsung to reduce smartphone range
By Song Jung-a in Seoul 
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a202f8c-6ef8-11e4-b060-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas can-do versus Congress gridlock© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84a5c39a-6f2c-11e4-b060-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IMF and World Bank warn of peak tradeIMF and World Bank warn of ‘peak trade’
Shawn Donnan, World Trade Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0237d9fa-6f29-11e4-b060-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas can-do versus Congress gridlock© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84a5c39a-6f2c-11e4-b060-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dublin  the tigers roaring tech hub© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b20be708-6e44-11e4-afe5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indian tests positive for Ebola in DelhiMan tests positive for Ebola at Delhi airport
Victor Mallet in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b0892dfa-6fa2-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

G20 poised to take steps to tackle EbolaG20 poised to take steps to tackle Ebola
George Parker and Jamie Smyth in Brisbane
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/166cc488-6c0b-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

OECD pegs Indias growth at 5.4% for this fiscalinflation and deflation
OECD pegs India’s growth at 5.4% for this fiscal
The OECD has upped its 2015-16 growth projection for India to 6.6 per cent. The Paris-based think tank had pegged it at 5.7 per cent in May. The growth had remained sub-5 per cent in the last two financial years. The OECD projects it to be 5.4 per cent this financial year.
Without structural reforms, the growth will remain below the 8 per cent rate achieved during the previous decade, the OECD Economic Survey of India has cautioned. It also warns that although absolute poverty has declined, it remains high, and income inequality has in fact risen since the early 1990s.
“India slowed more than many other countries since 2011, but is now recovering faster,” said an OECD release. “The Indian economy is showing signs of a turnaround. New reforms, some of which are included in the package presented by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, need to be implemented to put the country on a path to strong, sustainable and inclusive growth,” it added.
OECD Chief Economist Catherine L. Mann released the survey here on Wednesday. Also present was Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian. The decline in inflation in the first half of 2014 is encouraging but inflation expectations have remained stubbornly high, the survey notes. Consumer price inflation in India has remained much higher than that in the OECD area and in other BRICS, the survey says and recommends that monetary policy should err on the prudent side to restore confidence and avoid a rebound in inflationary pressures. Supply-side constraints in the food sector — including the lack of cold storage and refrigerated transport facilities — have also contributed to food price volatility, it says.
Fiscal consolidation
The budgeted 17 per cent increase in tax revenue seems optimistic, the survey says. Achieving a sustainable and quality fiscal consolidation would require streamlining the many tax breaks which undermine revenues and contribute to the complexity of the tax system, as well as other public finance reforms, it recommends. Improving the Income Tax Act by further broadening its base, including by abolishing the tax allowance for interest paid on housing and education loans.
Inefficient subsidy programmes for food, energy and fertilizers have increased steadily while public spending on health care and education has remained low, the survey says.
Key recommendations of the Survey:
Implementation of flexible inflation targeting; shifting public spending away from energy subsidies towards investments in physical and social infrastructure, and the implementation of a national value-added tax (GST) with only limited exemptions. It further suggests that the current fiscal rules be extended to include spending ceilings and improving the accounting framework of the Centre and recommends spending reviews for core spending programmes with the view to improve their effectiveness and reconsidering the prohibition on using machines for NREGS projects.
With average growth above 8 per cent and the incidence of poverty cut in half, India experienced strong inclusive growth between 2003 and 2011, the Survey says. This reflected gains from past structural reforms, strong capital inflows up to 2007 and the expansionary fiscal and monetary policies since 2009. These growth engines faltered in 2012, it says.
In 2014, the economy has shown signs of a turnaround. Fiscal consolidation at the Centre has been accompanied by a decline in both inflation and the current account deficit. Confidence has been boosted by on-going reforms to the monetary policy framework, with more weight given to inflation. The large depreciation in the rupee has also helped revive exports. Industrial production has rebounded and business sentiment has surged, triggered by a decline in political uncertainty.
Reducing macroeconomic imbalances further is key to sustaining consumer and investor confidence and to containing external vulnerabilities – this will require adhering to the fiscal roadmap and implementing the proposed changes to the monetary policy framework.

India set to become second-largest internet market by December-endworld wide web
The number of Internet users in India is expected to cross the 300 million mark by the end of this year, overtaking the US as world’s second-largest Internet market.
According to a report by the Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) and IMRB International, the number of Internet users in India is expected to grow 32 per cent to 302 million this year from 213 million at the end of December 2013.
Presently, India has the third-largest Internet user base in the world. While China leads with more than 600 million Internet users, the US has an estimated 279 million users. It is estimated, the report said, that by December 2014, India will overtake the US as the second largest Internet users’ base in the world.
The user base in India is further estimated to grow to 354 million by June 2015.
“The Internet in India took more than a decade to move from 10 million to 100 million and 3 years from 100 million to 200 million. However, it took only a year to move from 200 to 300 million users. Clearly, Internet is mainstream in India today,” IAMAI-IMRB said in a statement.
The report said of the 278 million users Indian had in October this year, 177 million are in urban India, higher by 29 per cent from last year. In rural India, the number of Internet users increased by 39 per cent to reach 101 million in October 2014.
About 119 million users access the Internet on mobile devices in urban India, while rural mobile Internet user base stood at 40 million in October this year. This is further estimated to touch 128 million (urban) and 45 million (rural) by December-end, it said

Axis Bank to raise retail unsecured loanUpdated: November 19, 2014 22:52 IST
Axis Bank steps up retail unsecured loan
Indrani Dutta
Axis Bank is planning a 10 per cent increase in its branch network, but has no plans to expand its footprints overseas, Group Executive and Head (Retail Banking) Rajiv Anand said.
The bank is also open to taking the inorganic route to increase its unsecured retail loan portfolio.
On the branch network, Mr. Anand said the bank at present had 2,500 branches, and would set up 250 more, With 13,146 outlets, the bank also boasts the largest ATM network after the State Bank of India. Retail operations were a thrust area for the bank.
At present 80 per cent of the bank’s retail lending portfolio was secured, and the bank was now open to increase the unsecured portion, he said.
On the progress on Jan Dhan accounts, he said so far two lakh accounts had been opened.

Inside photos: Arpita Khan s star-studded weddingCelebrity
Arpita Khan's star-studded wedding
The Falaknuma Palace in Hyderabad saw some of the biggest celebrities attending the grand wedding of Arpita Khan arranged by her brother Salman Khan.
Salman Khan shares Arpita's wedding pics on Instagram. Photo by @BeingSalmanKhan / Instagram
1 / 30
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Instagram
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 5:30 PM IST

Meiyappan must bear brunt of law  says Sunil GavaskarMore
Meiyappan must bear brunt of law, says Sunil Gavaskar
The Indian legend also said N Srinivasan needs to explain why he did not act against players if he knew they were involved in fixing.
By Rahul Kanwal | Mail Today –  Wed 19 Nov, 2014 11:57 AM IST
Tweet
0
The nation wants to know.Melbourne: Indian cricket legend Sunil Gavaskar has hit out hard against the son-in-law of ICC chairman N Srinivasan. Speaking exclusively to the India Today Group in Melbourne, Gavaskar said: “The full force of the law must come down on Gurunath Meiyappan.”
Gavaskar also said Srinivasan needs to explain why he did not act against players if he knew they were involved in fixing.
“There are reports which say the Mudgal committee report has found that Srinivasan knew about betting but did not do anything about it. Srinivasan should answer for why he did not act if he knew that a player was guilty,” Gavaskar said.
Gavaskar was in Australia at the invitation of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to attend a special reception at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, hosted by Australian PM Tony Abbott. Several Indian and Australian cricketing legends like Kapil Dev, VVS Laxman, Steve Waugh, Glenn McGrath and Allan Border also attended the reception on Tuesday evening.
Gavaskar said there should be zero tolerance against match-fixing and betting and if any player is found guilty of having participated in wrong acts, he should be jailed and his entire cricketing history deleted from the record books.
“New Zealand has come up with a new law on betting which says that guilty players will be jailed. India should have the same law,” he said.
Gavaskar also suggested that the government should think about legalising betting in India.
“A lot of betting happens through black money. But if you open official betting shops, the government will be able to increase its revenues. It’s like prohibition — if someone wants to bet illegally, they will. Government should think about legalising betting,” he said.
The cricket legend sought to draw a distinction between team owners who were indicted for betting and players, saying players should not be punished till the time it can be established that the owner of the team didn’t influence the player.
Speaking about India’s forthcoming tour of Australia, Gavaskar felt the team would face a very tough time. “Indian players will need to be patient. They will need to keep extravagant shots in their pockets when they play in Australia. This is not T20 or One- Day Internationals. Australian pitches are the best to bat on but the players have to be patient.”
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Rupee hits 8-month low on oil firms  dollar demandThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hedge fund stars mea cuplaReddit
Part of the No Alternative: the zombie hedge fund industry series
Two-thirds of all hedge funds ever to report to a database are dead and defunct, yet their investment record lives on and the industry is hungry for fees...

China and Russia to build military ties© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/16364ade-6fb2-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Climate change in depth©AP
IPCC and Global warming
After meeting in Stockholm the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has released its latest findings in a report likely to be one of the most carefully analysed documents on climate change this decade

Protest leaders condemn HK violenceProtest leaders condemn Hong Kong violence
Josh Noble and Julie Zhu in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/81e7b56e-6fa4-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HK protesters enter government buildingNovember 19, 2014 1:23 am
Hong Kong protesters break into government building
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a412142e-6f89-11e4-b50f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hong Kong clears small protest zoneLast updated: November 18, 2014 7:52 am
Hong Kong clears small protest zone
Mark Wembridge and Demetri Sevastopulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/581d0a48-6ec5-11e4-a65a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Daimler targets China for Maybach revivalDaimler targets China for Maybach revival
Tom Mitchell in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f8d02f44-6fb8-11e4-a0c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Daimler earnings boost dividend hopesDaimler earnings boost hope for higher dividend
Chris Bryant in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a58d1f6e-5a81-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China says Mercedes-Benz fixed prices© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/db6c07b4-26a9-11e4-8df5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Samsung axes $2.3bn shipbuilding mergerSamsung axes $2.3bn shipbuilding merger amid shareholder pressure
By Song Jung-a in Seoul 
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/be6f34b0-6fb5-11e4-a0c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UN calls for North Korea referral to ICCUN calls for North Korea’s referral to international court
By Song Jung-a in Seoul 
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f0a5e83a-6f96-11e4-b50f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

N Korea issues UN resolution on rightsN Korea circulates UN resolution defending human rights record
By Song Jung-a in Seoul 
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/761939b2-5508-11e4-b616-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indias bad-drug crisis in spotlight© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/01ea85fa-6fa7-11e4-b50f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India should empower not sterilise womenIndia should empower, not sterilise, women
Mass fertility campaign is a bad remedy for a non-existent problem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/93fc4678-6bfa-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indias population control stuck in pastIndia’s efforts to control its population are still stuck in the past
Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
Women’s deaths reflect mindset from 1975 state of emergency
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1070d0b8-6bf9-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chaebol-led growth model hits limitsS Korea chaebol growth model hits limits
Song Jung-a
©Reuters
President Park Geun-hye has made the “creative economy” the central point of her policy agenda
South Korea is good at overcoming short-term crises but the manufacturing-driven economy is now facing longer-term challenges to sustain growth amid increasing competition from neighbouring China.
Big export-based conglomerates called chaebol have led the country’s rapid industrialisation over the past half a century on the back of state financial support and regulatory protection to make the country the world’s 10th largest trading nation by volume.
Rapprochement with Pyongyang remains elusive
South Korea has become a global leader in sectors including shipbuilding, flat screens, mobile phones and memory chips. There are growing questions, however, over whether a handful of big manufacturers such as Samsung and Hyundai can continue to drive growth, especially as China is catching up fast in many industrial sectors.
“[South] Korea’s manufactured exports are losing competitiveness due to the narrowing technology gap with China, whose manufacturing industry is gradually shifting to higher-value-added goods,” says Lee Jong-wha, economics professor at Korea University.
China has become a powerful competitor to South Korea’s manufactured exports such as steel, ships, petrochemicals and electronics, although it is still way behind South Korea in some high-tech areas such as memory chips and automobiles.
“[South] Korean exporters, who have focused on catching up with Japanese and US rivals, have no strategy to fend off competition from China,” says Lee Geun, economics professor at Seoul National University.
The country’s dominant business groups have come under particular pressure this year. Samsung Electronics has posted declining earnings for four consecutive quarters. Its operating profit plunged 60 per cent to a three-year low in the third quarter as it concedes market share to low-cost Chinese rivals such as Huawei and Xiaomi.
FT Data
Interactive graphic
Explore the complex ownership structures of Korean chaebol including Samsung, Hyundai and LG
Hyundai Motor’s net profit dropped nearly 30 per cent in the third quarter as it is losing ground to Japanese rivals in the US with the weaker yen enabling Toyota, Nissan and Honda to offer big sales incentives to consumers. Hyundai also outraged investors by offering $10bn for a trophy headquarters site, raising questions about its corporate governance and capital management.
Increased doubts over the chaebol-led economic model have sparked calls to reduce the country’s dependence on such companies and strengthen the rest of the economy, especially small and medium-sized business and the underdeveloped service sector.
“The growth model driven by a handful of big exporters has hit a limit,” says Suh Dong-hyuk, researcher at the Korea Institute for Industrial Economics and Trade. “We should promote innovation in start-ups and SMEs and develop service industries for more balanced and sustainable growth.”
Under the slogan of promoting a “ creative economy ,” President Park Geun-hye is trying to foster an environment where venture firms can flourish by expanding financial support for innovative start-ups. But she has not made much headway in implementing her election campaign promise of curbing the chaebol’s power and propping up SMEs.
The era for unconditional capacity build-up for capital intensive industries is gone now. We should make money by selling competitive platforms and services
- Michael Na, strategist at Nomura
Small businesses still struggle to grow in the shadow of sprawling chaebol companies, which aggressively push down the prices of their suppliers or push independent rivals out of business with their economies of scale.
“Despite political efforts, the business environment where big businesses make profits at the expense of their small suppliers has not changed much,” says Mr Suh.
Experts say South Korea needs quickly to develop internationally competitive service industries such as medical tourism and IT services, if it is not to stall. They urge the government to increase the service sector’s productivity through deregulation while businesses should step up efforts to seek new growth drivers.
“The era for unconditional capacity build-up for capital-intensive industries is gone now,” says Michael Na, strategist at Nomura. “We should make money by selling competitive platforms and services.”
Overhauling the economic framework is not easy. Although South Korea boasts global manufacturers with vast international operations, regional expansion has been a painful process for its service providers.
A decade into their efforts to go global, the country’s banks still struggle to build a presence in other countries, while retailers such as Lotte and E-mart have suffered big losses while expanding into China and other parts of Asia.
“Selling services is harder because you should understand others’ culture,” says Mr Na. “But many of our business leaders unfortunately lack such global sense and knowhow needed for successful overseas expansion.”
Related Topics

Pemex restructures in wake of energy reformSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Batista trial a landmark for BrazilEike Batista insider trading trial a landmark for Brazil
Samantha Pearson in Rio de Janeiro
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f7f683fe-7001-11e4-a0c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

MARKET SNAPSHOT: S&P 500 Snaps 4-day RunThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Gm salmon & friends ...sure lycos again proved all those who we...672 Followers
Aindia ..the best is yet to come ..a few years down the line
when digital will be life we may be seeing Rs 50 a day jump too ! Some nice non biz reading http://t.in.com/8MJH Digital media professor Moses Shumow recognized for excellence in engagement..For Shumow, this validated their work and “showed clearly what it can mean in the lives of our students when we push them to engage.”
Shumow’s research deals with understanding digital media, how people connect and the essential role of the Internet in the 21st century. Having conducted research on how immigrants use the Internet and social media platforms to stay connected to loved ones back home, he said it is clear to him how important and essential media knowledge is to young people.
“How can you look for a job without access to Internet,” he said. “Affordable access to Internet is what we need.”
Shumow is working on a new project to bring free Internet access to students and their families in Liberty City, where fewer than 30 percent of residents now have access. His team has requested funding through the Miami Foundation for the project, known as Liberty City Digital Commons. Part of the foundation’s decision will be made based on online voting by the public.
The project would create a Wi-Fi network in Liberty Square, the largest public housing development in Liberty City, where many of Miami Northwestern’s students and their families live. The hope is to eventually replicate the project in other parts of Miami.
“Moses understands how the lack of access to technology — both physical devices and software – and most importantly the Internet— is crippling our students and their families in Liberty City,” said Lovett, who is partnering with Shumow on the project. “His work is inspired by addressing the issues— the countless students who cannot finish assignments or fulfill the required online courses for graduation due to the digital divide.”
Shumow, who holds two bachelor’s degrees in journalism and Spanish, a master’s degree in broadcasting and a Ph.D. in communications, was also involved in creating the “Humans of Liberty City” project, a spinoff of the popular Humans of New York website.

I hope in 1 year turn around story for lloyd`s..Gold Member
13 Followers
JB: There are a lot of passive boarders like me too here. I just dont have any content to write at this point of time. We have discussed Lloyd too much in the last few days (post the results). I am personally interested in Ahmednagar now and eagerly waiting to see it cross 500/600 pretty soon, with good results expected. Regarding Lloyd, it will stick to this range (130-150) for another couple of months before it makes a big move. The next results will be a trigger for now. Rate cut will be a much bigger trigger because of its debt levels. Lets hope for the best.

Can someone pl tell us the effect of new delisting norms on the essar ...New Member
0 Follower
it suppose to be buy out more than 250 but what the essar oil management offering only peanut 108 this is absolute cheating , I am having 9000 share since 2010 and kept in hope of good return in this growing company but these persons are not want to share the profit and only want squished the small investors
In reply to : santosharies message
2.40 AM Nov 20th

Gm folks : my pvt message to mmb moderator on the issue moderator ji...51 Followers
Reposted about 19 days 1 hr 26 min 32 sec ago by anand24243
Dear MMB Moderator:   We are rather shocked to learn of the red-flagging of DANDO911, who is one of the most knowledgeable, constructive and productive boarders on MMB. He has been rendering excellent service by providing a lot of information and also guidance to the new investors.  I, therefore, feel, his red-flagging is highly illogical and unjustified and would request you to kindly RESTORE him at the earliest.  Thank you very much -- MKVISION

Quiz: Identify these Sachin sixers  win prizesTweet
0
Twenty-five years ago, Sachin Tendulkar played his first game of cricket for India. In those 25 years, we've been flooded with countless unforgettable moments of his cricketing genius. Moments that have played on our screens so many times, we should be able to recognise them with our eyes closed.
And that is exactly what this quiz is about.
Can you identify these famous highlights from Tendulkar's career and answer questions about them? The catch: you'll only hear soundclips of the moments; you won't see any video.
If you can answer correctly, there are gift vouchers worth thousands of rupees waiting for you.
Rules:
1) Listen to this clip. It contains seven of Tendulkar's most famous sixes.
2) Answer questions about those sixes.
3) Mail your responses to cricket-feedback@yahoo-inc.com with the subject line: "Sachin quiz".
4) Entries with all answers correct will win prizes. In case of multiple winners, prizes will be handed out through a lucky draw. The decision of Yahoo! in selecting winners will be impartial, fair, and final.
5) The contest is not open to employees of Yahoo and their family members.
6) The contest ends on November 30 after which we will inform winners by email.
Ready? Here you go!
The quiz is now closed.
UPDATE: Here are the answers.
Clip 1: Who is the bowler in Clip 1?
Answer: Tom Moody
Clip 2: Which tournament is this?
Answer: The 2003 ICC World Cup
Clip 3: Which venue is this?
Answer: Sharjah
Clip 4: Who is the bowler?
Answer: Shoaib Akhtar
Clip 5: Who is the bowler?
Answer: Glenn McGrath
Clip 6: Which venue is this?
Answer: Leeds, Headingley
Clip 7: Who is the bowler?
Answer: Shane Warne
Thousands of you played the quiz. Hundreds of you got the answers right. Of those, we could pick only five winners via lucky draw. They are:
Harnish Shah

Israeli Police: 3 Americans  Briton Killed In Jerusalem Synagogue AttackJerusalem Synagogue Attack Leaves 3 Americans, Briton Dead
AP/The Huffington Post
reddit
Two Palestinian cousins armed with meat cleavers and a gun stormed a Jerusalem synagogue during morning prayers Tuesday, killing four people in the city's bloodiest attack in years. Police killed the attackers in a shootout.
The attack ratcheted up fears of sustained violence in a city already on edge amid soaring tensions over its most contested holy site.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu vowed to "respond harshly," describing the attack as a "cruel murder of Jews who came to pray and were killed by despicable murderers." He immediately ordered the demolition of the attackers' homes, as well as homes of Palestinians who carried out several other recent attacks.
Police said the dead worshippers were three Americans and a Briton, and that all held dual Israeli citizenship. The attack occurred in Har Nof, an ultra-Orthodox neighborhood that has a large population of English-speaking immigrants.
An Ultra-Orthodox Jewish man puts his head in his hands inside a synagogue that was attacked in the Har Nof neighbourhood of Jerusalem on Nov. 18, 2014. (JACK GUEZ/AFP/Getty Images)
The U.S. Consulate in Jerusalem identified the Americans as Aryeh Kupinsky, Cary William Levine and Mosheh Twersky.
Twersky, the grandson of a renowned rabbi from Boston, Joseph Soloveichik, was the head of Yeshivas Toras Moshe, a religious seminary for English-speaking students.
Israeli authorities identified the British man as Avraham Goldberg.
The FBI will launch an investigation into the attack because three of the victims are U.S. citizens, a U.S. law enforcement official told CNN .
Ultra-Orthodox Jews watch emergency personnel clean and secure the area of a synagogue attack in the Har Nof neighbourhood of Jerusalem, Nov. 18, 2014. (JACK GUEZ/AFP/Getty Images)
Thousands of people attended a joint funeral for Kupinsky, Levine and Goldberg before sundown— held outside the synagogue where the attack occurred. Earlier, blood was streaked across the floors, soaked prayer books and shawls there.
One Canadian was wounded in the attack, said Francois Lasalle, a spokesman for Canada's Foreign Affairs Department. He declined to provide further details.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said he spoke to Netanyahu after the assault and denounced it as an "act of pure terror and senseless brutality and violence."
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas condemned the attack, the first time he has done so since a recent spike in deadly violence against Israelis. He also called for an end to Israeli "provocations" surrounding a sacred shrine holy to both Jews and Muslims.
An Ultra Orthodox Jewish man prays next to the synagogue that was attacked in Jerusalem, Nov. 18, 2014. (Lior Mizrahi/Getty Images)
The attack was the deadliest in Jerusalem since a Palestinian assailant killed eight students at a Jewish seminar in March 2008.
Police spokeswoman Luba Samri identified the assailants as Ghassan and Oday Abu Jamal from the Jabal Mukaber neighborhood in east Jerusalem, the section of the city captured by Israel in 1967 and claimed by the Palestinians as their capital.
The Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, a small militant group, said the cousins were among its members, though it did not say whether it had instructed them to carry out the attack.
Hamas, the militant Palestinian group that runs the Gaza Strip, praised the attack. In Gaza, dozens took to the streets to celebrate, with some offering trays full of candy.
Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said six people were wounded in the attack, including two police officers. Four were in serious condition.
Masked Palestinians standing in front of a poster of Ghassan and Uday Abu Jamal celebrate their attack on a Jerusalem synagogue during a rally in Rafah in the southern Gaza Strip, Nov. 18, 2014. (SAID KHATIB/AFP/Getty Images)
Yosef Posternak, who was at the synagogue during the attack, told Israel Radio that about 25 worshippers were inside at the time.
"I saw people lying on the floor, blood everywhere. People were trying to fight with (the attackers) but they didn't have much of a chance," Posternak said.
Clashes later broke out outside the assailants' home, where dozens of police officers had converged. Residents hurled stones at police, who responded using riot dispersal weapons.
Neighborhood residents, speaking on condition of anonymity for fears for their own safety, said 14 members of the Abu Jamal family were arrested.
Mohammed Zahaikeh, a social activist in Jabal Mukaber, said a relative of the cousins had been released in a 2011 prisoner swap and re-arrested recently by Israeli police. He did not say why.
Israel has been on edge with a spate of attacks by Palestinians against Israelis, killing at least six people in Jerusalem, the West Bank and Tel Aviv in recent weeks before Tuesday's casualties.
The violence has created a special security challenge for Israel, since most of the attackers come from east Jerusalem. More than 200,000 Arab residents there hold residency rights that, in contrast to Palestinians in the neighboring West Bank, allow them to move freely throughout Israel.
Israel's police chief said Tuesday's attack was likely not organized by militant groups, making it more difficult for security forces to prevent the violence.
"These are individuals who decide to do horrible acts. It's very hard to know ahead of time about every such incident," Yohanan Danino said.
An Israeli emergency services member cleans the sidewalk at the scene of the synagogue attack, Har Nof neighbourhood, Jerusalem, Nov. 18, 2014. (JACK GUEZ/AFP/Getty Images)
Kerry blamed the attack on Palestinian calls for "days of rage," and said Palestinian leaders must take serious steps to refrain from such incitement. He also urged Palestinian leaders to condemn the attack "in the most powerful terms."
British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond also condemned the violence.
On Monday, several dozen Palestinians clashed with Israeli police in east Jerusalem after rumors surfaced that a Palestinian man had been hanged by Jewish assailants. Police denied the rumors, saying forensic experts determined the death was a suicide.
Israeli border police stand guard near the Abu Jamal residence, Jerusalem, Nov. 18, 2014. (AHMAD GHARABLI/AFP/Getty Images)
Late Tuesday, police said they were investigating a Palestinians' claim that he was stabbed in the leg by three Jewish assailants in downtown Jerusalem. The youth was taken to a hospital.
Much of the recent violence stems from tensions surrounding the Jerusalem holy site referred to by Jews as the Temple Mount because of the Jewish temples that stood there in biblical times. It is the most sacred place in Judaism; Muslims refer to it as the Noble Sanctuary, and it is their third holiest site, after Mecca and Medina in Saudi Arabia.
The site is so holy that Jews have traditionally refrained from going there, instead praying at the adjacent Western Wall. Israel's chief rabbis have urged people not to ascend to the area, but in recent years, a small but growing number of Jews, including ultranationalist lawmakers, have begun regularly visiting the site, a move seen as a provocation.
A relative of Palestinian cousins Uday (L) and Ghassan Abu Jamal (R) shows their portraits at the family's residence in the east Jerusalem neighborhood of Jabal Mukaber on Nov. 18, 2014. (AHMAD GHARABLI/AFP/Getty Images)
___
Associated Press writers Mohammed Daraghmeh and Fares Akram in Gaza City, Gaza Strip, and Matthew Lee in London contributed to this report.
Also on HuffPost:

Cable And Satellite Companies Rank Last In Consumer Satisfaction Surveyreddit
Comcast, Time Warner Cable and Charter are giving satellite and cable providers a bad rap.
The three companies helped land the cable and satellite TV industry dead last in a recent YouGov BrandIndex survey of consumer satisfaction.
The market research firm asked 9,000 people in an online survey whether they considered themselves satisfied or dissatisfied customers of over 1,200 different companies. It released the results of its poll on Monday .
It turns out that people are more satisfied with banks, credit card companies, airlines and the makers of medication for erectile disfunction than they are with the companies that provide them with TV and Internet.
Here are the industries that received the highest rankings for customer satisfaction:
Time Warner Cable, Comcast and Charter Communications all received negative scores in the YouGov survey, meaning that more customers reported being dissatisfied with the companies than reported being satisfied.
Time Warner Cable and Comcast's scores were "firmly" negative, said Lance Fraenkel, head of client services for BrandIndex. Charter Communications' score was negative, but hovered around neutral territory.
Here are the industries that came out on bottom in the survey:
The results of the survey come as Comcast, the largest cable company in the U.S., is attempting to buy Time Warner Cable, the second-largest, for $45 billion. The deal still needs to be approved by regulators.
The 10 other companies in the "cable and satellite TV" category all received positive rankings, with Verizon FiOS and AT&T U-verse topping the list, Fraenkel said.
"If you have a couple brands in negative territory and the category average is still firmly positive, then you know that there are brands that perform well in the sector," Fraenkel told The Huffington Post.
Time Warner Cable has traditionally had negative satisfaction scores, Fraenkel said. Comcast used to average a neutral score, but the company took a hit after the recording of Ryan Block's "customer service call from Hell" went viral over the summer, Fraenkel said. During the call, an aggressive Comcast agent made it very difficult for Block -- a product manager at AOL, the parent company of HuffPost -- to cancel his Comcast service.
"That to me stands out as a major event over the last few months that has damaged the brand and category perception," Fraenkel said.
In a statement to HuffPost, Comcast said it's "working hard and making significant investments to improve our customers' experience with us, and we know these results are not where they need to be."
Comcast said it has "put a team in place to listen to feedback from customers and employees and to rethink the way we interact with our customers," and that it has "been investing billions of dollars and making major operational changes to make it easy for our customers to do business with us." The company has "made this our number one priority,” it said.
Time Warner Cable also said it is investing billions of dollars in customer experience and now offers more weekend and evening appointment options, as well as one-hour appointment windows.
“We are always looking for ways to deliver improved value, reliability and service to our customers," Time Warner Cable said in a statement to HuffPost.
A representative from Charter Communications declined to comment for the story.
YouGov conducts regular polls for HuffPost, but the BrandIndex research was not part of that partnership.
See how YouGov poll respondents ranked all the consumer categories below:
CORRECTION: A previous version of this article mistakenly listed "Tools: Hardware" on the chart of categories receiving a low rate of satisfaction from consumers. It received a high rate of satisfaction.
More:

River Diaries: Scenes from the Brahmaputra Basin
Sluggish demand likely to weaken coconut oilpricesGold futures price falls on global cues
Sluggish demand at the current market levels is likely to weaken the coconut oil prices further, traders said. Prices have already corrected from the high of R169 per kg to the R142-45 level due to resistance from local buyers.
India is the world’s biggest buyer of vegetable oil, importing nearly 60% of its 16-17 million tonne annual consumption.
“Market is till very high even after coming down by R10-15 per kg. Competing oils are way below and local buyers are shifting to them. There are plenty of stocks in Tamil Nadu as the traders are holding it and releasing it in a staggered manner. The market is likely to decline further as demand continues to remain low,” Talat Mehamod, member of the Coconut Oil Merchants Association (COMA) and trader at the terminal market of Kochi, said.
Coconut oil was quoted R144 per kg on Tuesday evening at the Kochi wholesale market with retail prices ruling above R180 and some branded oil being sold at R190 per kg. Competing palm oil is retailing at R60 per kg while close substitute palm kernel oil is selling at R90 per kg.
Lower prices for palm kernel oil would put some pressure on the coconut oil as the snacks and bakery sector tend to shift to the cheaper alternative. Normally, continuous supply of coconut oil from Tamil Nadu keeps the market under pressure, as consumption at the household level is limited to Kerala and certain parts of southern Karnataka and Goa. Industrial users tend to substitute coconut oil with palm and palm kernel oil when the price difference is above R10 per kg. Kangayam, in Southern Tamil Nadu, emerged as a major trading center of coconut oil in the ’80s with the spread of coconut cultivation in Tamil Nadu.
“High price for coconut oil has also led to rampant adulteration and this is also affecting consumption. At the retail level consumers are consciously shifting to other edible oils as news reports of adulteration with paraffin wax  is doing the rounds,” Talat added.
A proposal by the Union Government to double the import tax on crude edible oils and raise that on refined oils by 50 % could support the market. The seasonal demand of coconuts for Sabarimala pilgrims  may also help in reducing the supply.  Pilgrims to the hill shrine of Sabarimala take 4-5 coconuts per person as offerings to the deity, and annually more than one crore people visit the temple.
Indians consume around 14 kg a year of edible oils compared with a global average of 24 kg. Edible oil consumption is rising by 5.6% annually, while production has grown at a much slower pace, 1.8% on average.
TAGS: Coconut Oil Coconut Oil Merchants Association
More from commodities

Editorial: Cant export those bluesRBI to release norms for single authentication in a month: Dy Guv H R Khan
That India’s trade deficit narrowed to $13.4 billion in October from $14.2 billion in September is of little consolation since much of it was driven by a 19% yoy fall in crude oil imports which, in turn, was a result of the sharp fall in prices over the last few months. The trade data is actually quite depressing given how exports have contracted 5% yoy, and also how the growth of non-oil, non-gold imports has slipped to 5.5% yoy. Indeed, that these have been driven down by a sharp 15% yoy fall in imports of project goods is worrying at a time when the economy is supposed to be in recovery mode.
On the exports front, some part of the fall can be attributed to the lower prices of crude oil—between April and October 2014, growth in petroleum exports was roughly half of what it was in the same period in 2013. But it is also true that key segments such as engineering goods, pharmaceuticals, textiles, and gems and jewellery have all contracted. That this should happen at a time when the rupee is weakening—it was around 54 to the dollar in May 2013 as compared to around 61 right now—is attributable to the continuing weakness in the global economy. While the US is recovering well, Japan has now officially slipped into a recession and China is slowing down—the October PMI showed output and new business expanded at the slowest pace in five months. The EU growth forecast for 2015 has been lowered to 0.8% from 1.2% earlier and that is probably why the WTO has trimmed its world trade growth in 2014 to 3.1% from 4.7% earlier.
Much of this is reflected in recent data; India’s exports to America in the six months to September accounted for a much bigger share of the country’s total exports—19.5% compared with 17.2% in FY14. On the other hand, exports to the EU accounted for a slightly smaller share of 17.8% versus 18.6% in FY14. The Asian countries, by and large, remain a good hunting ground for Indian exporters; except for China, probably because of lower imports of iron ore by that country. Since the weakness in the global economy isn’t going to go away quickly—indeed, it may get worse—India needs to figure out how it can get more competitive. In sectors like textiles, for instance, higher wages than in competing countries like Bangladesh have meant India has lost its advantage.
TAGS: Indian Economy
More from economy
Current account deficit rises to 2.1 pct in Q2 as gold imports soar The current account deficit widened to 10.1 billion dollar or 2.1 per cent of GDP for the September quarter as against 1.2 per cent in the year-ago...

Column: GST unlikely by April 2016Record cafe: States not prepared for GST, 27% rate can’t work
Parliament will meet for its winter session from November 24. The legislative agenda has not yet been announced by the government but it has indicated that the Constitution Amendment Bill to enable the introduction of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) may be re-introduced.
GST will be a new tax that will subsume most indirect taxes on goods and services across the country. The tax paid at any stage in the value chain can be used as credit at the next stage—this would result in tax being paid only on the value added to the product or service, and eliminate tax levied on the tax paid at an earlier stage. This also leads to better compliance as each person in the value chain who gets input tax credit has an incentive to ensure that the previous person has paid tax. The other benefit is that the differentiation between goods and services is removed, and tax credit is available across this distinction. Having a uniform tax across India with input credit is also likely to remove the tax bottlenecks in transactions that span two or more states. This would help India evolve from a fragmented market structure to a single national market. Some estimates suggest that introduction of GST will lead to GDP rising by 1-1.5%.
The legal process to make the change is complicated due to the structure of our Constitution. The Seventh Schedule to the Constitution classifies all areas under three lists for the purpose of making laws: the Union List, which enumerates subjects under the sole purview of Parliament; the State List, which has items to be legislated by state legislatures; and the Concurrent List, which has subjects that can be legislated upon by both Parliament and state legislatures. In case of Concurrent List subjects, if there is a contradiction on any specific provision in laws made by Parliament and a state legislature, the central law will override the state law.
Now, let us see what happens when we try to have a common GST given this structure of the Constitution. Currently, the power to impose some of the taxes are included in Union list of the Constitution (e.g., excise duty) while that for some others are in the State List (e.g., sale tax). Therefore, the Constitution needs to be amended to enable the enactment of a uniform law.
What are the various ways in which this can be done? One simple method is to move the power to impose all these taxes to the Union List. The Centre can then levy the tax, and a method of redistributing the tax to states can be formulated. This is the process used in the case of central taxes such as income tax, which are then pooled and redistributed according to law made by Parliament (usually, based on the recommendation of the Finance Commission). However, this methodology has some major drawbacks. States have no say in the rate of tax that is levied under this process, and may be unwilling to give up this power. Also, there is a risk that the state in which the transactions occur and where tax is collected may not get their proportional share of the tax pool at the time of redistribution. This will reduce the incentive for states to formulate policies that lead to higher economic activity as they might not benefit from the potential increase in tax revenue.
Another choice would be to move the power to impose GST to the Concurrent List. However, this move would have the same drawbacks discussed above because Parliament will have the power to make laws that override any law made by state legislatures.
A third approach was adopted in the Bill introduced by the last government after extensive consultation with the Empowered Committee of State Finance Ministers. The Bill removes several of these taxes from the three Lists and creates a new Article of the Constitution to deal with GST. Both Parliament and state legislatures will have the power to make law, but unlike the Concurrent List items, Parliament will not have the power to make a law that overrides a state law. This applies to all goods and services other than six items: petroleum crude, diesel, petrol, natural gas, aviation turbine fuel and alcohol for human consumption. In case of inter-state commerce, Parliament will make law, the central government will collect the tax, and the tax collected will be apportioned between the centre and states according to law made by Parliament.
This formulation could lead to non-uniform taxes across states defeating a key objective of a national GST. In order to address this possibility, the Bill creates a GST Council composed of the union finance minister and the minister of state in charge of revenue, and finance ministers of all states which will determine the GST rates by consensus. The Bill also creates a GST Dispute Settlement Authority to decide on complaints by a state or the centre related to loss of revenue arising from a deviation from the recommendations of the GST Council. The Standing Committee has recommended that this Authority should not be created as it impinges on the powers of legislatures. It has also noted the potential difficulty of evolving a consensus in the GST Council, and recommended that decisions be taken with a 75% majority vote, with the Centre and states having one-third and two-thirds of votes respectively.
The Centre and states are yet to reach an agreement on the details of implementation. One of the major concerns of some states is that they may lose revenue if GST is implemented. Another key issue relates to petroleum products which are intermediate goods but will be excluded from the purview of this Bill. This will lead to cascading of taxes. However, given that a significant part of state revenues come from taxes on these products, they are reluctant to let these products be included within GST.
The legal process for imposing GST is as follows. The Constitution Amendment Bill will need to be passed with two-thirds majority in each House of Parliament and then be ratified by at least 15 state legislatures before getting the assent of the President. This would enable GST to be introduced. Following this, Parliament and state legislatures will need to pass GST Bills that impose central and state GSTs. The Standing Committee has examined the earlier Constitution Amendment Bill but may re-examine the new Bill if it is significantly different. It may also examine the subsequent GST Bill. Given this long process, implementing GST by April 2016 is an ambitious target.
By MR Madhavan
TAGS: Goods And Services Tax GST
More from fecolumnist
Columns: RBI’s room for rate cuts Small chance of a cut in repo rates in January, it is more likely in early March

Column: US-India subsidy accord seems grainyRecord cafe: States not prepared for GST, 27% rate can’t work
India has issued a statement on November 13 that an understanding has been reached with the US for a “perpetual peace clause” for India replacing the “interim peace clause” (that extended up to 2017), agreed to at World Trade Organization (WTO) Ministerial in Bali in December 2013. With this development, the Indian understanding is that no legal action for penalties can be initiated against India by WTO members if India violates the WTO conditions on food security and subsidies on public stock-holding of grains, and that the US is now expected to garner support from other WTO members, on the basis of this perpetual peace clause, for the signing of the WTO’s Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA) by December 2014, which was deferred in July 2014.
Though the text of the understanding reached between the two countries is not available publicly yet, the transcript of press conference of the US Trade Representative (USTR) Ambassador Michael  Froman, dated November 13, reads, “The agreement consists of two basic elements. First is a specific agreement to move forward with the full and immediate implementation of the WTO Trade Facilitation Agreement. And second, there’s an understanding about “specific” food security programs agreed to in the Bali accord. We eliminated any ambiguity in Bali about the duration of the “so-called Peace Clause”, provided that food stockpiling programs meet the agreed upon conditions in Bali.” (goo.gl/pF5pyp ).
The USTR’s statement makes it explicit that the US has merely sorted out the “ambiguity”. It remains unclear if the US has ‘altered’ its basic position. India may still not be immune from legal action if the condition of subsidy-beyond-10% of the MSP prices in the base year (1986-88) on its grain-stocking programme is breached without indexing for annual inflation. (India has very vocally told the US and the WTO that annual food inflation should be accounted in determining the subsidy-limit breach, before deciding any penal action). Neither has the USTR unambiguously stated that the peace clause will be applied till perpetuity until India’s concerns on food security and subsidies on public stock-holding are settled, as is being claimed by the Indian officialdom.
Are India, the US and WTO moving from one concentration of ambiguity to another? More details and data need to be out before a radical departure by the US from its previous position can be confirmed. A simple reading of the above quoted comments signifies that the first priority of the US remains the securing of the TFA and that legal action before 2017 cannot be ruled out entirely. As per the Bali agreement, the peace clause is an interim arrangement and so long as the US continues to speak about adherence of “conditions in Bali”, perhaps the status quo is undisturbed.
The NDA government may be right in interpreting the Bali agreement as the one that limited the availing of the peace clause till 2017 while they (NDA) themselves have aggressively initiated reforms in food security policies/public stock-holding. The US has thus addressed India’s concern by “modifying” the language rather than shifting its position on giving India an unlimited hall pass on crossing of the WTO-mandated subvention caps.
If the US position is modified, then the very objectives of the Obama administration concerning WTO become questionable. All issues raised by the USDA on Indian subsidies and trade distortions get annulled automatically. The WTO members who have already undertaken reforms will feel embittered if India alone stands excluded, above reproach or penalties. Another question that arises is: If there is a change of heart in the US versus India stand-off due to some distinct understanding on geo-political realities and economic cooperation, does it become incumbent upon other nations to follow suit and endorse policies that distort the trade?
Here is an explanation of how the Indian public procurement policy of grains leads to trade distortion in import, export and domestic market.  There is a 90% subvention as per the Food Security Act. Heavily-subsidised grains discourage or deter imports into India at global market prices. Thus, India as a market, remains closed or blocked to other exporting nations.
Since India’s PDS has a leakage of 45-50%, the pilferage enables local traders to procure cereals at below market prices, which enhances Indian export competitiveness to the disadvantage of other competing nations. Despite India claiming its sovereignty in its food policy management, the other nations are not willing to endorse this flawed system because it certainly tramples on their sovereignty to trade globally.
The Indian government also knows that hoarding of grains by the FCI/state agencies sucks surpluses that would have otherwise gone to the market. This induces food inflation and generates financial losses apart from wastage of grains.
The WTO agreement attempts to put all on an equal footing. India and the US have moved forward, as claimed by both sides, but need to come out openly and transparently so that there is more clarity while assessing the terminal outcome of the deal.
The author is a grains trade analyst
TAGS: Food Security Trade Facilitation Agreement
More from fecolumnist
Columns: RBI’s room for rate cuts Small chance of a cut in repo rates in January, it is more likely in early March

French President Hollande condemns  terrifying  Jerusalem attackFive Israelis were killed in the rare assault on a place of worship when two Palestinians armed with a gun
By: Agence-France Presse | Canberra | Posted: November 19, 2014 9:11 am | Updated: November 19, 2014 10:41 am
French President Francois Hollande on Wednesday condemned the “terrifying” attack on a synagogue in West Jerusalem, urging Israel and the Palestinians to resume talks seeking peace.
Five Israelis were killed in the rare assault on a place of worship when two Palestinians armed with a gun and meat cleavers ran amok among worshippers yesterday, sending shockwaves through the country.
“Yesterday there was an attack on a synagogue in Jerusalem which was particularly terrifying…and this is unfortunately the trend in terms of what’s happening,” Hollande said in Australia during a state visit.
“So we must be very clear that we condemn these sort of actions. This is something that occurred in a place of worship. We must act to ensure that violence in Jerusalem ceases, and that conditions for resuming talks may finally be such that this dialogue can occur,” he added.
Four of the victims were Israelis with dual nationality – three US citizens and a Briton, police said. Israel’s leading ultra-Orthodox website said they were all rabbis. A policeman also died of his wounds.

Make Chinese-style stir-fried veg with Chef Vikas1 small head broccoli, cut into florets
3 – 4 baby corn, diced diagonally
5 – 6 button mushrooms, sliced
 
METHOD
For the 5 spice blend, combine all spices in a mortar pestle and crush to a coarse powder. Keep aside.
For the stir-fried vegetables in orange-honey sauce, heat a wok over medium high flame. Add sesame oil and swirl the wok.
Add ginger, garlic and spring onions and stir-fry till garlic turns golden and is fragrant.
Add Dijon mustard, marmalade and orange juice and stir well to mix.
Add soya sauce with 5 spice blend, salt and pepper. Stir on 2 tablespoons water and bring the sauce to a simmer.
Add honey with all the vegetables and toss very well. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes and remove from flame.
Serve hot with steamed rice.
 
Make this dish at home and let us know how it turned out. Do keep in touch with us by sending in your comments/feedback in the comments space below. See you next week!
 
Yahoo presents Vikas@Home is a brand new 52-week series hosted by International Masterchef Vikas Khanna. Stayed tuned for latest episodes, every Wednesday at 11 am, only on Yahoo India Lifestyle Cuisine.

Lenovo Vibe X2 review: The best smartphone around Rs 20 000CCI clears $4-bn Sun Pharmaceutical, Ranbaxy Laboratories merger deal, but adds riders
It is almost as if smartphones too have stars. And once in a while these stars line up in perfect combination to result in a device that ticks most of the boxes. I believe Lenovo has been able to achieve it with the next Vibe X2, what it calls the world’s first layered phone.
Here is why I think this phone has been able to achieve the sweet spot.
Specs: 5-inch IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen (1080x1920p, ~441 ppi) | MediatTek MT6595m 2.0 GHz True8Core Octa-core processor | 2 GB RAM | 32GB internal (no external memory) | 13MP rear camera + 5MP front camera | 4G dual SIM (micro + Nano) | 2300 mAh battery | Android 4.4 with Vibe UI
Price: Rs 19,999
Design: The Vibe X2 claims to be the first layered phone in the world. And I have to agree, having never seen a phone that has so many layers on it. The model that has come to India moves from gold to shades of orange in three layers followed by the display layer. Lenovo is giving a protective rear panel in the rear which adds another layers.
Overall the phone looks a bit like Bob Marley’s headgear. I personally like the black shade combination, but that has not made it to India so far. Plus, you can add additional battery and speaker layers. The batter layer adds bulk, but it also doubles the power on the phone. I am not sure about the extra speaker layer when you have so many affordable Bluetooth speakers in the market, however I will not mind an extra camera layers that adds zoom and macro capabilities.
Display: The Lenovo Vibe X2 has a Full HD display which is crystal clear and crisp. It also works perfectly well in bright sunlight as you can really push up the brightness almost overpowering the reflections from the sun above. At this price point you don’t have many other manufacturers offering Full HD.
Performance: I can keep harping about the layers of the design, but then that is superficial. In the end it all trickles down to performance and what experience it gives the users. This is where the Vibe X2 is a big winner if you ask me. The MT6595m True8Core processor is MediatTek’s way of showing the world that it has now become big enough to try something that will give the Qualcomms and Intels a run for their money. In fact, if you like looking at benchmark scores, then this one betters any other phones listed with a score that is at least 30 per cent. But then a benchmark score is no good if it does not make life better for the user. But you will have no complaints with the X2, as the performance is smooth and powerful. There was not one instance where I thought this phone was lagging behind the flagship phones in any way. This could be the most powerful phone around, certainly in this price range.
Software: A lot of people don’t like manufacturers tweaking the Android experience. So the Vibe UI on this phone could be an issue with some users. Having used the phone for over a week I am convinced that it is just the first week that you will be fighting with the muscle memory inside that is looking for familiar icons and patterns. I would have liked an app draw instead of having all the apps on the homescreen like iOS. But Vibe UI has a better notification tray than stock Android. Plus, the new feature that lets you access most used app from the lock screen itself which is a very handy feature. However, this cannot be finetuned to have the apps that you want, which might not always be the most used apps. Then you can click a phone even from the lock screen and the phone open only after the snap has been recorded. So no missing those precious moments with this phone.
Camera: The camera is decent, but not great. It is fast and click when you have to. There are a lot of tweaks you can do before clicking a picture though there is no manual mode.
I used the settings to change the saturation and contrast before shooting and the results were very good. However, some photos were too saturates and colours bled when shooting red flowers. The selfie camera is clear, though it flattens images a bit too much. But overall, this camera is good for the price range.
Storage: The phone comes with 32GB storage, but no external storage slot. You have about 25GB storage to use and that is more that enough if you ask me.
Connectivity: The phone has dual SIM slots, one for micro SIM and another for nano. There were no issues with connectivity.
Battery: The 2300 mAh battery is good to go for the entire day. But remember to keep the brightness of the screen at auto as the full brightness will drain your battery real quick.
Verdict: In my books the Lenovo Vibe X2 is the best smartphone around the Rs 20,000 price point at the moment. Actually, the phone would have flown off the shelves even at a slightly higher price point. The phone that comes closest as far as specs go is the Nexus 5 which is at least 50 per cent more expensive and still is short on some features. Lenovo has a winner, till others catch up.
TAGS: Lenovo Tech Review
More from industry

UN push against North Korea on rights moves aheadChoe Myong Nam, a North Korean official in charge of U.N. affairs and human rights, speaks during a meeting of the U.N. General Assembly human rights committee, Tuesday on Nov. 18, 2014. (AP Photo)
By: Associated Press | United Nations | Posted: November 19, 2014 12:58 pm
The world’s boldest effort yet to hold North Korea and leader Kim Jong Un accountable for alleged crimes against humanity moved forward Tuesday at the United Nations, where a Pyongyang envoy threatened further nuclear tests.
The U.N. General Assembly’s human rights committee approved a resolution that urges the Security Council to refer the country’s harsh human rights situation to the International Criminal Court. The non-binding resolution now goes to the General Assembly for a vote in the coming weeks. China and Russia, which hold veto power on the council, voted against it.
The resolution was inspired by a groundbreaking U.N. commission of inquiry report early this year that declared North Korea’s human rights situation “exceeds all others in duration, intensity and horror.”
The U.N committee has adopted similar resolutions on the North’s abysmal human rights conditions in the past. But the fact that this year’s resolution includes the new idea that their absolute leader could be targeted by prosecutors has pushed the communist country to make a more furious response as that would pose a setback to its recent efforts to improve ties with the outside world to lure foreign investment and aid and revive the country’s troubled economy. North Korean officials would also view the resolution as a potential embarrassment to their young leader who took power after the death of his dictator father Kim Jong Il in late 2011.
North Korea sent a sharp warning in comments before the vote. Trying to punish it over human rights “is compelling us not to refrain any further from conducting nuclear tests,” said Choe Myong Nam, a foreign ministry adviser for U.N. and human rights issues. His colleagues gave no details on that threat.
Choe also accused the European Union and Japan, the resolution’s co-sponsors, of “subservience and sycophancy” to the United States, and he promised “unpredictable and serious consequences” if the resolution went forward.
The European Union quickly issued a statement welcoming the support of 111 countries in the vote. Nineteen countries voted against, and 55 abstained.
“It is admirable that the member states of the United Nations are acting to protect the people of North Korea when their own government fails to do so,” the head of the commission of inquiry, retired Australian judge Michael Kirby, said in an email, adding that he is confident the Security Council will “act responsibly.”
Human rights groups turned their attention to China and Russia, which could block any Security Council move. “No Security Council country, including China, can deny the horror endured by so many North Koreans,” Kenneth Roth, director of continued…

Massive snowstorm hits US  all 50 states feel freezing coldSeveral feet of lake-effect snow paralyzed the Buffalo area. (Source: AP photo)
By: Associated Press | Buffalo | Posted: November 19, 2014 3:18 pm | Updated: November 19, 2014 4:24 pm
A ferocious storm dumped massive piles of snow on parts of upstate New York, trapping residents in their homes and stranding motorists on roadways, as temperatures in all 50 U.S. states fell to freezing or below.
IN PICS: Massive snowstorm hits US, throws all 50 states out of gear
Even hardened Buffalo residents were caught off-guard Tuesday as more than 4 feet (1.2 meters) in parts of the city. Authorities said snow totals by Wednesday afternoon could top 6 feet (1.8 meters) in the hardest-hit areas south of Buffalo, with another storm expected Thursday.
Cold weather enveloped the entire country Tuesday, leading to record-low temperatures more familiar to January than November. Racing winds and icy roads caused accidents, school closings and delays in municipal operations from the Midwest to the South even where snowfall was low or mercifully absent.
Parts of New York measured the season’s first big snowfall in feet, rather than inches, on Tuesday. (Source: AP photo)
In a region accustomed to highway-choking snowstorms, this one is being called one of the worst in memory. Snow blown by strong winds forced the closing of a 132-mile (212-kilometer) stretch of the main highway across New York state.
The storm was blamed for at least six deaths in New York, New Hampshire and Michigan.
“We have tried to get out of our house, and we are lucky to be able to shovel so we can open the door,” said Linda Oakley of Buffalo. “We’re just thinking that in case of an emergency we can at least get out the door. We can’t go any further.”
The snowstorm forced motorists in 150 vehicles, including a women’s basketball team, to ride out the onslaught in their vehicles. They waited for hours to be freed, with some waiting more than a day. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo deployed 150 members of the National Guard to help clear snow-clogged roads and remove abandoned vehicles.
By early Wednesday, a Thruway official said most but not all passenger vehicles had been cleared.
“It seemed like a nightmare. It just didn’t feel like it was going to end,” Bryce Foreback, 23, of Shicora, Pennsylvania, told The Associated Press by cellphone 20 hours into his wait for help. “I haven’t slept in like 30 hours and I’m just waiting to get out of here.”
Foreback had become stuck in a long line of cars just south of Buffalo about 10:30 Monday night.
Members of the Niagara University women’s basketball team were napping on and off 17 hours into their wait on Tuesday night. Some got so thirsty they drank melted snow, said Coach Kendra Faustin, who was traveling with her 1-year-old.
The lake-effect snow created a stark divide: In downtown Buffalo and north of the city, there was a mere dusting of continued…

Jerusalem: Israel troops demolish Palestinian attacker s home after synagogue attackPrint
An Israeli border policeman fires a tear gas canister during clashes with Palestinian protesters, outside the Ofer military prison, near the West Bank city of Ramallah, Tuesday, Nov. 18, 2014. Two Palestinian cousins armed with meat cleavers and a gun stormed a Jerusalem synagogue during morning prayers Tuesday, killing four people in the city’s bloodiest attack in years. The attack ratcheted up fears of sustained violence in a city already on edge amid soaring tensions over its most contested holy site. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: November 19, 2014 6:41 pm
Israel demolished the east Jerusalem home of a Palestinian who carried out a deadly October attack, just hours after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu promised strict security measures in the wake of a grisly synagogue assault a day earlier.
The synagogue attack, which left five people dead, was the deadliest in Jerusalem since 2008 and came amid weeks of violence linked to a disputed holy site sacred to Jews and Muslims. Nearly a dozen people have been killed in attacks by Palestinians using guns, knives and vehicles.
The house demolished in the Silwan neighborhood near the Old City belonged to Abdel Rahman al-Shaludi, who killed two people last month when he drove his car into a crowd standing on a light rail platform in Jerusalem.
Israelis attend the funerals of Aryeh Kupinsky, Cary William Levine, and Avraham Goldberg three of the four people killed in a shooting attack in a synagogue in Jerusalem, Tuesday, Nov. 18, 2014. Two Palestinian cousins armed with meat cleavers and a gun stormed a Jerusalem synagogue during morning prayers Tuesday, killing four people in the city’s bloodiest attack in years. Police killed the attackers in a shootout. (Source: AP)
In recent weeks, a total of 11 people have died at the hands of Palestinian attackers — most in Jerusalem but also in Tel Aviv and the West Bank.
On Tuesday two Palestinian cousins wielding meat cleavers, knives and handguns stormed a synagogue in the west Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Nof, killing four worshippers and a continued…

China blocks websites as Internet meeting beginsWebsites.
By: Associated Press | Beijing | Posted: November 19, 2014 7:18 pm
Chinese censors have newly blocked access to several popular websites as they target content delivery networks that serve much of the Internet, according to a U.S. Internet service company.
The action comes as China hosts the World Internet Conference, which brings together many of the world’s top technology companies.
EdgeCast, an affiliate of Verizon, says censors have taken down several networks that provide local servers to help speed website performance. EdgeCast provides such a network, and its clients include software company Mozilla, publishing company The Atlantic and content management system Drupal.
The online activist group Greatfire.org said Wednesday that it was the target of the Chinese action, which blocked many other sites that use EdgeCast. The group enables Chinese Internet users to access websites otherwise blocked by Chinese censors. EdgeCast did not confirm Greatfire.org’s statement.
A Greatfire.org co-founder, who goes by the pseudonym Charlie Smith, said they had chosen to use several content delivery networks knowing that any move to take down their site would affect others.
“We knew that ahead of time,” he said. “It was our feeling that the authorities would not take that kind of action.”
China employs thousands of censors who block hundreds of websites and erase social media messages dealing with sensitive political topics. At the same time, it claims some of the world’s most popular online sites, including e-commerce giant Alibaba.
Alibaba founder Jack Ma told the Internet conference Wednesday that China’s online strength is bound to transform the Web. Outside the conference hall, several protesters were detained after holding up a banner demanding that China allow access to sites such as Google, Facebook and Twitter.
“I believe China’s Internet is not only profoundly influencing aspects of China’s economic development but is also participating in the development of the Internet across the world,” Ma told the conference.

Trading violations: Now  Sebi cracks whip  unveils stringent insider trading normsBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pct
Revamping its nearly two-decade old regulations on insider trading, Sebi today approved stricter norms, including new definition for connected people, to prevent the menace.
Apart from clarity on concepts and definitions, the new regulations strengthen legal and enforcement framework while also ensuring that legitimate business transactions are not impacted.
The new Prohibition of Insider Trading Regulations were approved by the board of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) here today.
“The new regulations strengthen the legal and enforcement framework, align Indian regime with international practices, provide clarity with respect to the definitions and concepts, and facilitate legitimate business transactions,” Sebi said in a statement after the board meeting.
Sebi has expanded the definition of ‘Insider’ to include persons connected on the basis of being in any contractual, fiduciary or employment relationship that allows such people access to unpublished price sensitive information (UPSI).
Under the new framework, Sebi has defined a connected person in the context of insider trading activities.
A connected person would be someone who is or has during the past six months prior to the concerned act has been associated with a company, directly or indirectly.
Besides, immediate relatives of connected persons would also come under the same category unless they prove that they were not privy to unpublished price sensitive information.
The onus of establishing that they were not in possession of UPSI would be with the connected persons.
The regulator has decided to remove the requirement for repeated disclosures and ease compliance burden.
“Disclosure of any change of two per cent for persons holding more than five per cent shares or voting rights has been removed as they are prescribed under Takeover Code,” the statement added.
To protect the interest of investors, companies must now disclose UPSI at least two days prior to trading in case of permitted communication of such information.
Besides, communication of such information is prohibited except in instances of legitimate purposes or discharge of legal obligations.
Insider trading refers to dealing in securities after having access to unpublished price sensitive information and such practices provide unfair advantage to the entity who has privy to such details.
Sebi has come across various instances of insider trading activities not just at small companies but also at larger ones.
The definition of UPSI has been strengthened by “providing a test to identify price sensitive information, aligning it with listing agreement and providing platform of disclosure”.
Earlier, the definition of price sensitive information had reference to company only, now it has reference to both a company and securities.
Companies by law would be entitled to require third-party connected persons to disclose their trading and holdings in securities of the company.
In line with the new Companies Act, prohibition on derivative trading by directors and key managerial personnel on securities of the company has been provided.
Disclosure of UPSI in public domain has been made mandatory before trading, so as to rule out asymmetry of information in the market.
“A provision of Trading Plans on the lines of US has been introduced for insiders with necessary safeguards. Such a plan has to be for bona fide transactions and has to be disclosed on stock exchange platform in advance,” the release said.
To provide clarity, generally available information has been defined as information that is accessible to public on a non-discriminatory platform such as stock exchange.
Meanwhile, insiders who are liable to possess UPSI all round the year would have the option to formulate pre-scheduled trading plans.
Among others, principle-based Code of Fair Disclosure and Code of Conduct has been prescribed.
The latest norms have been prepared after taking into consideration recommendations of Sodhi panel and suggestions from various other quarters.
After extensive deliberations, a panel headed by former Justice N K Sodhi had submitted its report on insider trading norms in December 2013. Sodhi was former Chief Justice of Karnataka and Kerala High Courts.
Sebi makes delisting easier, reduces time to 76 working days
Making delisting of companies less cumbersome, capital market regulator Sebi today approved revamped norms that reduce the time taken for completing the process by about half from minimum 137 days at present.
The changes, aimed at making the existing regulatory framework on delisting more effective, have been cleared by the board of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) during their meeting here.
“Timelines for completing the delisting process has been reduced from 137 calendar days (approximately 117 working days) to 76 working days,” the regulator said in a release.
Apart from reducing the timeline, the watchdog has decided to retain the reverse book building process for discovering the price of shares for the purpose of delisting.
Delisting would be considered successful only if at least 25 per cent of the public shareholders participated in the reverse book building process.
Besides, shareholding of the acquirer, together with the shares tendered by public shareholders, should reach 90 per cent of the company’s total share capital.
To ensure that a delisting plan has been decided in a fair manner, the board should approve the same only after due diligence process, for which it can appoint a merchant banker on behalf of the company and the promoter.
Further, the board should certify that the company is in compliance with applicable securities law and that it would be in the interest of shareholders.
Sebi said that an acquirer would have the option to delist the shares of the company directly through delisting regulations pursuant to triggering takeover norms.
“However, if the delisting attempt fails, the acquirer would be required to complete the mandatory open offer process under the Takeover Regulations and pay interest at the rate of 10 per cent per annum for the delayed open offer,” the release said.
Companies having paid up capital of not more than Rs 10 crore and networth that does not exceed Rs 25 crore as on the last day of the previous financial year would be exempted from following the Reverse Book Building process.
“The exemption would be available only if there was no trading in the shares of the company in the last one year from the date of the board resolution authorising the company to go for delisting, and trading of shares of the company has not been suspended for any non-compliance during the same period,” the release said.
According to Sebi, the stock exchange platform should be sued for offers made under Delisting, Buy Back and Takeover Regulations.
Depending on reasons put in writing, Sebi would consider relaxing the strict enforcement of delisting regulations.
Sebi came up with a discussion paper on delisting process in May and comments were received on aspects such as price discovery and shortening of the process.
Wilful defaulters to face curbs on fund mop-up frm capital mkt
To sternly deal with wilful defaulters, Sebi today decided to impose restrictions on such entities with respect to raising funds from capital markets.
Such measures are expected to further enhance the protection of investors in the securities market.
As part of new norms, the watchdog will impose restrictions on companies, promoters, and directors that are categorised as a ‘wilful defaulter’ from accessing the capital markets.
“The Board approved the proposal to review the policy in respect of restricting an issuer company/its promoter/ directors, categorized as wilful defaulter, from raising capital after going through the public consultation process,” Sebi said in statement after the board meeting.
At present, Sebi norms bar wilful defaulters from issuing convertible debt instruments. However, there is no restriction on such entities from raising funds from the capital market by way of public or rights issues, among others
Before finalising stricter regulations to deal with wilful defaulters, Sebi is expected to gather views from various stakeholders. The matter would also be discussed in the Primary Market Advisory Committee (PMAC).
The approval comes at a time when the amount of bad loans is on the rise in the banking system, mainly due to higher number of wilful defaulters.
To tighten the regulatory noose around wilful defaulters, the Reserve Bank has suggested to Sebi that such entities should be prevented from raising funds through capital markets.
Meanwhile, the government is planning to come out with a separate Bill in Parliament to deal with instances of wilful defaults in payment of bank loans.
Stringent action against the wilful defaulters in terms of attachment of properties under Sarfaesi Act (Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act), change in management and other legal action against the promoters, among others, are under consideration.
Sebi approves one-time registration method for DPs
Simplifying procedural requirements, market regulator Sebi today to put in place a oneâ€”time single registration process for depository participants to operate on both CDSL and NSDL.
The initiative will streamline and simplify the registration process and will reduce the regulatory burden and save the cost and time of the applicants.
Sebi’s board today “approved the policy of granting single registration for the application of initial registration as well as the permanent registration for operating with both the depositories (CDSL and NSDL).”
Currently, the depository participants are required to obtain separate registration for both the depositories. Further, the applicants are granted initial registration for five years and then permanent registrations.
The Board also took note of other measures taken by Sebi in the last two years to simplify the process of registration and to reduce the regulatory burden.
Some of these measures include doing away with segment -wise registration for brokers, removing the requirement of separate registration with different stock exchanges and allowing one time registration instead of yearly approval.
Besides, Sebi board has approved a proposal to allow Venture Capital Investors (FVCIs) in Core Investment Companies (CICs) for infrastructure sector to help attract overseas funds in this space.
The move will remove any hindrance for investment in the infrastructure sector through the FVCI route and to boost the infrastructure sector in the country.
Besides, Sebi has accepted the recommendations of ‘Depository System Review Committee’ on risk management, financial inclusion and expanding the reach of depository services, Investor Protection Fund of the depositories, outsourcing policy and IT Infrastructure.
The committee was constituted to assess the depository system on the basis of CPSS-IOSCO principles so as to benchmark with global best practices and suggest areas for improvement.
Further Sebi’s board approved the proposal to frame suitable regulations for using secondary market infrastructure for public issuance (e-IPO).
Also, Sebi has given nod to the proposal to initiate public consultation process on re-classification of promoters and the regulator also approved proposal regarding issuance of partly paid shares and warrants by Indian companies.
Sebi comes out with new listing regulations
Bringing in comprehensive norms for various listed securities, Sebi has finalised detailed listing regulations aimed at ensuring better compliance levels and strengthening safeguards for investors.
The new regulations have been put in place after taking into consideration the need for having a framework to consolidate listing obligations and disclosure requirements for listed entities across all these securities at one place.
“This regulation would consolidate and streamline the provisions of existing listing agreements thereby ensuring better enforceability,” Sebi said in a statement after the board meeting where the framework was approved.
At present, there are separate listing agreements for different segments of the capital market.
The norms have been prepared after extensive consultations. A discussion paper on the matter was floated in May this year.
Overarching principles would be incorporated in the provisions of listing regulations to ensure that they serve as guidelines for compliance in case there is any ambiguity.
The enabling provision for annual information memorandum would be retained in the new regulations.
Under the revamped framework, listed entities would have to co-operate with intermediaries registered with Sebi such as debenture trustees and credit rating agencies.
Among others, listed entities have to compulsorily appoint Company Secretary as compliance officer except for units of mutual funds listed on stock exchanges.
Within six months of notifying these regulations, entities would have to “execute a shortened version of listing agreement”. Such a mechanism has been put in place to ensure since listing agreement is a contractual pact between the stock exchange and listed entity.
There would be converged provisions for specified securities (equity segment) listed on Main Board and SME platform with necessary carve-outs for SMEs.
For redressal of investor grievances, listed entities would have to mandatorily register with SCORES. All filings by listed entities have to be made electronically.
The new norms would be applicable for equity, non- convertible debt securities, non-convertible redeemable preference shares, Indian Depository Receipts, securitised debt instruments and units issued by mutual fund schemes, among others.
The listing regulations have been divided into three parts — substantive provisions incorporated in the main body of regulations, procedural requirements in the form of schedules and various formats/forms of disclosures to be specified by Sebi through circulars.
Various changes have also been made to provide clarity about the regulations.
Such changes include removal of dichotomy regarding utilisation of issue proceeds, aligning connected provisions pertaining to disclosures on website and issuing advertisements, disclosures in annual report, and operational modalities in manner of review of audit reports with modified opinion.
Requirements which are in the nature of continuous disclosure and obligations have been shifted and now incorporated in the listing regulations.
TAGS: Sebi
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

Don Lemon says hes sorry if his question about rape struck anyone as insensitiveBy Emily Yahr November 19 Follow @emilyyahr
(screengrab from CNN)
CNN’s Don Lemon offered a few words of apology for an interview he conducted Tuesday night with former publicist and journalist Joan Tarshis, who said Bill Cosby sexually assaulted her when she was 19.
During the interview, Lemon suggested to Tarshis that if Cosby forced her to perform oral sex, she could have possibly avoided that by biting him. Obviously, that “helpful” tip caught major criticism after it aired.
Lemon says he didn’t mean to offend anyone. “A word about my interview last night with Cosby accuser Joan Tarshis,” Lemon explained on CNN on Wednesday afternoon. “As a victim myself, I would never want to suggest that any victim could have prevented a rape. If my question to her struck anyone as insensitive, I’m sorry, as that certainly was not my intention.”
While speaking to Tarshis the previous  night, Lemon said, “You know, there are ways not to perform oral sex if you didn’t want to do it.”
“Oh — I was kind of stoned at the time, and quite honestly, that didn’t even enter my mind,” Tarshis responded. “Now I wish it would have.”
“Meaning the using of the teeth, right?” Lemon clarified. “As a weapon.”
“Yeah, I didn’t even think of it,” Tarshis said. “Ouch.”
“Yes. I had to ask,” Lemon explained.
RELATED READING:
The Associated Press reviewed an on camera interview with Bill Cosby earlier this month and made the decision to publish his full reaction to questions about sexual assault allegations which has recently received increasing attention. (AP)

Dollar  bond yields gain after Fed minutes2
Italian government bond markets suffered, with yields shooting higher after S&P downgraded the country's credit rating to just one notch above junk on Friday, underscoring the limited progress made under Prime Minister Matteo Renzi's economic reforms. [GVD/EUR]
But all other euro zone borrowing costs fell, with benchmark German yields hitting a day's low after Nowotny said the bloc's tepid recovery had pushed the European Central Bank to look more closely at a sovereign bond quantitative easing program.
"Nowotny's comments have just reinforced the market's view that the ECB is inching towards outright QE, we think probably in January," said Lee Hardman, a strategist with Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ in London.
DOLLAR POWER
The gathering strength of the dollar, against which the euro fell 0.2 percent to a 2-1/2-year low, also weighed heavily on emerging markets on Monday.
The rouble one of the headline losers, giving up 2 percent as it fell back towards record lows hit last week.
Symptomatic of problems affecting many developing markets, there are worries that Russia will jack up interest rates to as much as 12 percent this week in a bid to fend off a full-blown financial crisis.
Earlier in Asia, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan closed down 0.25 percent. Tokyo's Nikkei was up 0.1 percent with the downward revision to Japan's GDP neutralizing much of the positive impact from a weaker yen. South Korea's Kospi lost 0.2 percent while Singaporean and Malaysian shares also dipped.
The Shanghai composite index gained 2.9 percent after the downbeat Chinese data added to hopes that China will implement more stimulus to shore up its economy.
Dariusz Kowalczyk, economist at Credit Agricole in Hong Kong, noted that the year-on-year drop in China's imports was the biggest since the Lehman crisis, barring the volatile Lunar New Year-related period.
"This is partly a reflection of lower commodity prices and base effects, but ...we have to assume that poor domestic demand has played a part. This means that pressure will rise on the government to do more to stimulate growth," he said.
The Australian and the New Zealand dollars, both sensitive to the economic fortunes of China, touched new 4-1/2 year and 2-1/2 year lows, respectively.
The disappointing Chinese and Japanese data contrasted sharply with Friday's U.S. non-farm payrolls that showed employment in November surged by 321,000, easily topping forecasts for 230,000 new jobs.
(Additional reporting by Patrick Graham in London, Blaise Robinson in Paris and the China economics team; Editing by Toby Chopra and John Stonestreet)

The United States is in a state of emergency - 30 of them  in factBy Christopher Ingraham November 19 Follow @_cingraham
The United States has been in an uninterrupted state of national emergency since 1979. Here in 2014, we're not dealing with just one emergency - there are currently 30 of them in effect.
That's according to data on presidential declarations of emergency compiled by Gregory Korte of USA Today.  "Those emergencies, declared by the president by proclamation or executive order, give the president extraordinary powers — to seize property, call up the National Guard and hire and fire military officers at will," Korte writes.
President Obama has declared nine so far, eight of which are currently in effect -- they primarily deal with preventing business with people or organizations involved in global conflicts or the drug trade. Obama has also renewed many of his predecessors' orders -- just last week he renewed our ongoing state of emergency with respect to Iran for its 36th straight year .
Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush took a light touch on declarations of emergency - they invoked only a handful, none of which remain in effect. But Bill Clinton proclaimed 16 emergencies and George W. Bush declared 14, 13 of which are still in effect today.
Blocking business transactions with various interests may not seem like national emergency material. But the language underlying these declarations is often nearly apocalyptic. Obama's recent continuation of a Bush-era emergency relating to "the property of certain persons contributing to the conflict" in the Democratic Republic of the Congo states that "this situation continues to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the foreign policy of the United States."
The Obama administration also maintains that "the actions and policies of certain members of the Government of Belarus and other persons continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States."
You may wonder why the president needs to declare a state of emergency to deal with what appears to be fairly routine instances of corruption in far-flung corners of the world. Korte notes that Congress provides little oversight on emergency declarations, even through it's mandated to do so by law. In an era when tussles over executive power are a near-daily occurrence, this is a strange incongruity.
"What the National Emergencies Act does is like a toggle switch, and when the president flips it, he gets new powers. It's like a magic wand. and there are very few constraints about how he turns it on," said Kim Lane Scheppele, a Princeton professor interviewed by Korte.
In the absence of a crisis, there's little compelling reason for a government to adopt a permanent crisis stance. The danger is that a public desensitized to claims to extraordinary circumstances could be more likely to allow excesses of authority performed in the name of those circumstances.
As Korte writes, "A post-9/11 state of national emergency declared by President George W. Bush — and renewed six times by President Obama — forms the legal basis for much of the war on terror" -- a war which has so far seen  a rise in terrorism around the globe.
Christopher Ingraham writes about politics, drug policy and all things data. He previously worked at the Brookings Institution and the Pew Research Center.

Blessed Be the Housekeeping Staffreddit
I've often told young college-shoppers:  Don't just consider how strong the academics are, or how good the football team is, or even how you like the campus or the town.  All of those are good questions, but make sure you also ask: "What do you pay your housekeeping staff?"
One of the true tests of a good college is how they treat their workers, and certainly a decent indicator of that is how the lowest paid workers fare in contrast to the highest paid administrators.  A good question of any college president is if he or she would be comfortable exchanging salaries for a year with the janitor.  After all, both are just as valuable in the eyes of God.
So it was a great privilege this month to be invited to chapel at my alma-mater, Eastern University, for "Housekeeper Appreciation Day".  Celebrating the unsung heroes of the campus is becoming a beloved tradition, and it is a wonderful one.
In the presence of the President, Deans, administrators, and hundreds of students and faculty...  dozens of campus workers were put into the spotlight and celebrated for their tireless work to keep the campus alive and beautiful.  There was a genuine love thick in the room - hugs, tears, and I caught glimpse of a fist-pound or two.  Then they were given a certificate of appreciation and a paid vacation day, because over 200 students committed to pitch in so they could take off.
I had students tell me about how housekeeping staff tutor them in Spanish.  And I had housekeeping staff tell me how students had been there for them during really hard times.
It all reminded me of when I graduated from Eastern and moved into North Philadelphia, only to find out that I already knew one of my neighbors.  He was one of the housekeeping staff at Eastern.  I will never forget the ear-to-ear smile he greeted me with when I first moved in across the street, and the bear hug he gave me.
I hope that every worker on every campus feels as warmly welcomed as I did that day.  Twenty years later, we are still friends.  This summer, on a hot day, I jumped into the spray of a fire hydrant in the middle of the block with my friend's aging parents.  It was magical.  I barely remember (because I'm old now), that our friendship began as I was a "student" and he was "staff"--before we were family.  I am proud of how Eastern University continues to think outside the boxes, categories, and labels to try and build authentic community.  But community is not easy - it takes intention, time, imagination, and vulnerability.   And it takes money to pay people a living wage.   Justice isn't cheap.  Even now, a new contractor will be coming in to oversee the housekeeping staff at Eastern, and there was a bit of uncertainty, even anxiety, amidst all the joy.  But I heard someone say, "Love casts out fear."  And I know that it is true - when we love people well, we cast out the demons of fear, insecurity, loneliness and shame.  It's easier to live without fear when we know that we are loved.
So do something to celebrate someone today who might feel like an outsider.  And don't be surprised if later they return the favor and help you feel the love when you might feel like an outsider.
----------------------------------------------------
So there's some homework for you:  find out the salary scale for lowest vs. highest salaries in your college, church, or organization.  My friend Ben Cohen (of Ben and Jerry's) says it shouldn't be much more than 6:1 (so if one person makes $10 per hour, no one should make more than $60 per hour).  [NOTE: The average CEO is making 380 times their average worker, meaning the worker needs to work an entire month to earn what the CEO makes in an hour.]
More:

Nifty to hit 9 600 by March-end says UBS. Dream run to continueCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Finally  police get Baba  find 5 women and a child dead in his HisarashramPrint
He will be later today also produced before Punjab and Haryana High Court in another contempt case. Earlier, the medical examination of Rampal, who was arrested from his Satlok Ashram in Hisar's Barwala town, was conducted at the Government General hospital at Panchkula, with a doctor describing his major health parameters as "stable". (Source: Express Photo by Sumit Malhotra)
Written by Dipankar Ghose , Varinder Bhatia | Barwala/chandigarh | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:13 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 7:49 pm
Ending the nearly two-week standoff between his supporters and security personnel, which escalated into violence and high drama on Tuesday, Sant Rampal was arrested from his Barwala ashram on Wednesday night. Rampal was taken in an ambulance to Chandigarh and is likely to be produced before the Punjab and Haryana High Court on Thursday morning.
MUST READ:  Rampal’s forces: 300 trained by former army, police officers
Rampal’s arrest came hours after thousands of his supporters staged an exodus from the ashram. Police confirmed that six bodies —  five women and an 18-month-old child — had been found.
Earlier in the evening, Home Minister Rajnath Singh discussed the situation with Haryana Chief Minister M L Khattar . Mounting pressure on Rampal, the police also booked him on charges of sedition and waging war against the government.
“No injury marks were found on any of the bodies. The cause of death will be clear only after the post-mortem. So far, two persons are confirmed to have died a natural death. The cause of death of four other women, whose bodies were handed over by the ashram to the district administration this morning, has not been determined yet,” said Haryana DGP S N Vashisht.
READ:  Followers bathed him in milk, then used it to make kheer-prasad
 
According to the post-mortem reports of three women, no injury marks were found on the bodies. The remaining autopsies were underway till late on Wednesday night at the Medical College, Agroha.
Those dead have been identified as Savita, 31, from New Delhi, Santosh, 45, from Rohtak, Rajbala, 70, from Bijnaur, Malkit Kaur, 50, from Sangrur, Rajni, 20, a resident of Uttar Pradesh and Dhairya, 18 months, a resident of Madhya Pradesh.
“Till 7 pm on Wednesday, more than 16,000 people had left the ashram. The largescale exodus from the ashram began late on Tuesday night, and continued through the day today. No violence or confrontation has taken place at all,” said IGP Anil Kumar Rao. According to reports, at least 2,000 more people are still inside the ashram.
After a four-hour standoff with Rampal’s supporters who were resisting his arrest, the security personnel suspended operations on Tuesday afternoon as many started to walk out of the ashram. Many of those who left the ashram said they had come for a satsang, and had wanted to leave for the past four days.
“Inside the ashram, the ‘commandos’ threatened us and refused to let us leave. We were separated from our families so that we couldn’t leave. They also used coercion to make us attack the forces and said they would shoot us if we didn’t throw stones to protect the Baba,” alleged Ram Kumar Singh, who emerged from the ashram at 3 pm today.
Guarded by a large security cordon, they were ushered into buses and taken to different locations like the Hisar bus station, railway station and other nearby towns. Many women said they had been forced to remain in the front lines on Tuesday. “I come from a poor family. They said they wouldn’t return my belongings until I sat in front of the police. I never wanted to get involved and just want to go back home,” said Maya Devi from Chhaprauli.
Largely from Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Orissa and even Nepal, there were a few who said they had remained at the ashram of their own volition. “I came because I wanted to see the parmatma, Sant Rampal. Today they told us that he was not in the ashram. We did not see him at all for five days, so I decided to leave,” said Nandan Rai.
So far, the Haryana Police have detained 270 people, including 22 who have been identified on suspicion of having created trouble from inside the ashram and prevented police action. “A few of them shall be placed under arrest,” said Vashisht.
Later in the evening, villagers from around the ashram who oppose Rampal set ablaze three vehicles belonging to his supporters, which had been parked in fields two kilometres away from the venue.
Meanwhile, denying any intelligence failure, Vashisht and Haryana Chief Secretary Sanjeev Kaushal said, “It is not true that the police were not aware of what is happening inside the ashram. We have given a status report to the Hon’ble High Court in a sealed cover. The details of the report’s contents can’t be shared.”
The court had earlier issued a non-bailable warrant against Rampal, after he ignored repeated summons to appear before it.

A tale of tons at the World CupLATEST PHOTOS
A Tale of Tons at the World Cup
Of the 127 centuries scored in World Cups, just two were made in the 1979 edition, while 24 were plundered in the latest 2011 tournament. 22 hundreds have been scored by an Australian and 20 by an Indian across the nine editions.
Prev Next
England's Dennis Amiss (in pic) made the first World Cup ton - 137 against India - in 1975. On the same day, New Zealander Glenn Turner compiled an unbeaten 171 against East Africa.
England's Dennis Amiss (in pic) made the first World Cup ton - 137 against India - in 1975. On the same day, New Zealander Glenn Turner compiled an unbeaten 171 against East Africa.
Cricket Photos of The Week 7.12.14
5 hours ago
Sri Lanka vs England, 4th ODI
Sun 7 Dec, 2014 12:47 PM IST
The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 4:42 PM IST
The best players always bring their 'A' game to big tournaments. And it surely doesn't get bigger than the World Cup. In the 10 editions of the premier event so far, several batsmen have used their willows to write themselves into the history books. Here's a ranking - in reverse order … More » The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Down the ages: India in Australia
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:14 PM IST
In 10 trips to Australia, India have never managed to win a series, although thrice they have averted losing it. A look at the series results along with the men who have led India Down Under.
Australia vs India — strengths and weaknesses
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:36 PM IST
Analysis of Australia and India squad before the four-Test series, which starts in Adelaide on Tuesday. [Text: Reuters]
India vs Cricket Australia
Thu 4 Dec, 2014 10:44 AM IST
Action images from India's two-day tour game versus Cricket Australia played on December 4 and 5, 2015 at Adelaide. More » India vs Cricket Australia
Tears and tributes flow for Phillip Hughes
Wed 3 Dec, 2014 1:38 PM IST
Selected quotes from eulogies and tributes to Phillip Hughes on Wednesday as Australia bid farewell to the cricketer at his funeral in his hometown of Macksville, New South Wales.
3rd Test: Pakistan vs New Zealand
Sun 30 Nov, 2014 6:08 PM IST
Phil Hughes: Tributes
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 11:59 AM IST
The tragic death of batsman Phil Hughes from a freakish on-field accident brought the entire cricket community together in an immense outpouring of grief. A look at some of the tributes to the deceased.
Sri Lanka vs England, 2nd ODI
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 12:33 PM IST
India train at Adelaide Oval
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 8:53 AM IST
As the cricket universe struggled for composure in the aftermath of Phil Hughes shocking passing away, the Indians moved to the Adelaide Oval, the venue of their cancelled tour game, for a practice session on November 29, 2014. More » India train at Adelaide Oval
Bangladesh vs Zimbabwe, 4th ODI
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 5:07 PM IST
Remembering Phil Hughes
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 4:19 PM IST
The young Australian batsman would have turned 26 on November 30, 2014. Alas, a freak incident on the field of play on November 25 cut short his life. Here's a look at some pictures from the talented and zestful southpaw's life and times.

Delisting to take less timeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

OVL bids for oil block in New ZealandThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Government needs to infuse nearly Rs 2.4 lakh crore in state-run banks by March 2019: RBIThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US state invites India IncThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Universal Children s Day (20 November) Is Celebrated with Play as the Focal Point at the Premier IB School in SwitzerlandThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

FOREX-Yen in full retreat  Fed unalarmed by dollar strengthThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

BOND REPORT: Treasury Yields Hold Gains After October...Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

The thing about aarey is that unlike bodal & shree hari  there is no l...Platinum Member
62 Followers
The thing about Aarey is that unlike Bodal & Shree Hari, there is no LC situation, price is falling but buyers exist at each level. So somebody is accumulating at these levels with an intention of exiting at 22.
5.59 AM Nov 20th

Hope they respond ..rgds51 Followers
Reposted about 19 days 1 hr 28 min 47 sec ago by anand24243
Dear MMB Moderator:   We are rather shocked to learn of the red-flagging of DANDO911, who is one of the most knowledgeable, constructive and productive boarders on MMB. He has been rendering excellent service by providing a lot of information and also guidance to the new investors.  I, therefore, feel, his red-flagging is highly illogical and unjustified and would request you to kindly RESTORE him at the earliest.  Thank you very much -- MKVISION

Salmon ...why dont you join the lil whatsapp group ...since dando is b...New Member
6 Followers
Navigators warns them then and there and the users can be ignored and blocked too... Presently most of the Navigators are from Lycos Chat UK and under training. UK Chat has over 10000 regular users I am told.
In reply to : fieryblaster message
11.06 AM Nov 20th

Centre to lower age limit for civil service aspirantsUpdated: November 18, 2014 08:16 IST
Centre to lower age limit for civil service aspirants
S. Vijay Kumar
Tweet
The Hindu
Going by the new norm, the upper age limit will be 29 years for SC/ST candidates, 28 years for OBC and 26 for the unreserved category.
TOPICS
civil and public service
Limit will be 29 for SC/ST, 28 for OBC, 26 for open candidates
In a move that could affect thousands of civil service aspirants across the country, the Centre intends to reduce the upper age limit and number of attempts of applicants with effect from 2015. Going by the new norm, the upper age limit will be 29 years for SC/ST candidates, 28 years for OBC and 26 for the unreserved category.
There will be an additional two years for physically challenged candidates in each category.
At present, the upper age limit for SC/ST, OBC and unreserved candidates is 35, 33 and 30 years respectively.
According to information published on the website of the Department of Administrative Reforms and Public Grievances, the number of attempts allowed for candidates appearing for the Civil Services Examination would also be reduced to six for SC/ST candidates, five for OBC and three for unreserved candidates.
The measures, recommended by the Second Administrative Reforms Commission (ARC) and almost entirely accepted by the government, were put up on the website a few months ago.
The Centre has decided to retain August 1 in the examination year as the cut-off date for eligibility and not to review the structure of the examination (both preliminary and main) since this was only recently changed.
MDMK leader Vaiko urged the Centre to withdraw its plan to bring down the upper age limit.
Keywords: civil service aspirants ,  age limits ,  upper age limit ,  Second Administrative Reforms Commission
RELATED NEWS

Can India be far behindWith its commitment on carbon emissions, China has moved ahead of India on yet another critical dimension of human well-being.
Written by Dean Spears | Posted: November 19, 2014 12:11 am | Updated: November 19, 2014 7:32 am
This week, China announced a historic goal: its carbon emissions will peak around 2030, and subsequently decline. This announcement is widely regarded as a landmark moment in humanity’s efforts to avert catastrophic climate change. Scientific evidence leaves no room to doubt that the well-being of all nations will soon depend critically on the emissions that we are all pumping into the air today.
For now, the worst offenders are the richer countries of North America and Europe. But, the large developing economies are catching up fast.
Only China and the US exceed India in annual carbon dioxide emissions; Europe does too, if it is counted as a country.
Yet, annual emissions are now declining in the US and Europe, as well as in Canada, Australia, and South Africa. India’s rate of increasing emissions is greater than the combined rate of increase for the total of both Russia and all of Africa. China’s announcement leaves India as the largest remaining carbon polluter without either declining emissions or a target set for declining emission levels. Even if China’s commitment is a weak one — or would be met automatically under business-as-usual — it remains politically significant that a commitment was made.
So, an important question is whether India will be willing to match what China has done. Can India join the ranks of the leading economies by committing to a timeline for reversing emissions?
Some readers may be surprised that I am writing about climate policy in India, having been born in the US. Indeed, carbon emissions per person are well over 10 times in the US what they are in India. I would have very little to say in approval of the so-called “efforts” of the US to reduce the chances of climate disaster.
But every country must do its part because climate change threatens us all. If an irresponsible, distracted driver is about to run you over as you walk across the street, you will die if you stand still, explaining calmly that the driver is at fault. What matters most is to step out of the way of disaster. You can sort out who to blame after you have done all you can to survive.
The threat to people in India from climate change is far more urgent than that of an out of control car. Analysis of infant mortality in India shows that on the hottest days, more children die. Climate change can only be expected to increase these threats.
Some of the worst case scenarios would be almost immeasurably bad. Economist Martin Weitzman has concluded that we may face a 1 per cent to 5 per cent chance of global warming more than 10°C. continued…

Dont just look EastWe must go beyond the facile language of trade agreements and sort out ground-level issues.
Written by Amitendu Palit | Posted: November 19, 2014 12:05 am
Act East” sounds more promising than “Look East”. India’s Look East policy of engaging its neighbours in Southeast Asia and the adjoining region has been suffering from an odd inertia.
India’s strategic engagement with Asean has increased over time. But the fact remains that it is yet to become a significant strategic presence in the region. It is not yet a decisive determinant in the strategic dynamic of the Asia-Pacific and is only marginally so for Southeast Asia.
India’s failure to punch commensurate with its weight has to do with inadequate economic achievements. Countries that have a significant say in regional affairs, such as China, Japan and Australia, have strong economic linkages with Southeast Asia.
Since the beginning of the century, India’s trade with the 10-member Asean has increased from around $7 billion to $75 bn. Considering that Asean comprises several vibrant export-oriented middle-income economies, the increase could have been much greater. Indeed, India’s trade with China and some of the Gulf countries has increased at a faster pace than with Asean during the last decade. While trade with Asean is barely a 10th of India’s total trade, trade with India is only 3 per cent of Asean’s total trade.
Various trade agreements signed with Asean and Southeast Asian countries are often cited as examples of India’s deepening economic engagement. These include the goods free trade agreement and the recently concluded services agreement with Asean, as well as bilateral trade deals with Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand. Unfortunately, rather than being examples of successful economic engagement, they are instances of the inertia and half-heartedness that characterise India’s engagement with the region.
India’s agreements with Asean offer less market access and cover fewer issues than Asean’s agreements with other countries in the region. An inherently defensive approach to trade negotiation makes the concluded agreements counterproductive. India refrained from yielding as much market access as was demanded in the goods trade negotiations. The impression stuck and Asean was less generous when it came to services.
India’s trade negotiations with Southeast Asia never took into account structural realities. Pushing manufactured exports into Asean markets requires Indian producers to be able to import cheap inputs from the region. But protective demands from domestic producers did not let that happen. As a result, exports have hardly flourished through the Asean FTA.
The services FTA with Asean has been concluded but is yet to come into force. But if history is anything to go by, optimism is not warranted. India’s biggest thrust in all service sector negotiations is to get deeper market access for its professionals. The Asean negotiations have not been an exception. The problem is that while bilateral trade agreements might formalise reciprocal access, actual movement of professionals is much more difficult to achieve. Several roadblocks impede such movement. The most important among continued…

Democracys pioneerNehru’s economics should be and, since 1991, has substantially been undone.
Written by Ashutosh Varshney | Posted: November 19, 2014 12:05 am
In Robert and Anne Drew’s documentary, Life and Death of a Dynasty, there is a captivating scene. India’s 1962 elections are round the corner. Nehru is asked why he was not campaigning in his own constituency. Wasn’t he afraid of losing? His four-decade-long political life, replies Nehru, was an open book and if his own constituency was unsatisfied with it, it should elect his opponent. Given the rise of the Akali Dal, his party needed him more in Punjab, so he was going there to campaign. “Main aapke sarhadi subey mein aaj phir aayaa hoon, lekin main aaj aapse bijli aur paani ki baat karne aayaa hoon (I have once again come to your border province, but I will talk today about electricity and water),” says Nehru. The camera then zooms in on the faces of the farmers who had gathered to hear him. In a way that only pictures, not words, can capture, their eyes show unmistakable love and gratitude. It almost did not seem to matter what Nehru said, though water and electricity were central to farming. They are so grateful Nehruji came to their village.
Eyewitness stories about how India’s masses, rural and urban, adored Nehru are simply too many to recount. Nehru used to say that Delhi stifled him and mass contact was a source of invigoration. He would often leave Delhi to be with the masses. That he had a patrician background and, unlike Gandhi, never displayed religiosity made him a truly unlikely figure to receive mass adulation. But the 10-12 years he spent in jail during the freedom movement and an untiring effort to connect with the masses convinced millions that he could be their arch representative.
To appraise Nehru in a purely abstract manner, while necessary, would constitute an analytic insufficiency. Great leaders always go beyond the purely intellectual or the rational. They touch emotionally. They construct an invisible bond. They become the embodiment of a nation. For two generations of Indians, if not more, Nehru was one such political leader, second only to Mahatma Gandhi.
There were adversaries, of course. Three principal adversaries emerged within: the Hindu nationalists, who found his commitment to minorities, especially Muslims, thoroughly misguided; the communists, who in their inimitable phraseology called him the running dog of imperialism, even though Nehru was no great admirer of capitalism and wanted to tame its excesses with state direction; and the Gandhian socialists, who thought Nehru’s view of industry and modernity was a betrayal of Gandhi’s commitment to Indian villages and tradition.
The pitch these criticisms acquired was sometimes dismaying, but Nehru was never fully undermined. Significantly, most Gandhian socialists remained inside the Congress. The reason was simple, though never explicitly articulated. Gandhi had a great theory of protest and mass mobilisation, but a wholly inadequate theory of governance. The former led to India’s continued…

Closeness of the Indo-Germanic language family is not just heritage... its a mandate and assignment for usHighlighting Indo-Germanic closeness should not be left to historians and altphilologen. It is a task and commitment for politicians, movers and shakers of today in both our countries. I’ll come back to that.
Posted: November 19, 2014 12:16 am | Updated: November 19, 2014 12:17 am
 
Michael Steiner
An Indian girl wrote to me: “Hindi German, bhai behen”. I think she is right. Our roots are intertwined. Sanskrit, the mother language, is closely related to Old German language. We need both: a strong sense of cultural identity and openness in a globalised world. German scholars have, for a long time, expressed their deep respect and emotional warmth towards Sanskrit. Against this backdrop, I was invited to speak at the inaugural ceremony of the “Sanskrit Heritage Caravan” in Delhi in February 2013. What was important then, might even be more important today:
Let me be bold and tell you, right at the outset, what thoughts and feelings I want to share with you on this remarkable occasion.
First, a sense of deep respect and emotional warmth towards the millennia-old history of the Indo-Germanic language family, its similarity and intellectual closeness, all linked to mother language Sanskrit. By the way, the scientific term of the “Indo-Germanic language group” itself can be traced back more than 200 years. Second, the firm belief that this familiarity is not just heritage and a distant past, but a solid fundament for us today to build our shared future. Indeed, it’s a mandate and an assignment for us.
In other words, highlighting Indo-Germanic closeness should not be left to historians and altphilologen. It is a task and commitment for politicians, movers and shakers of today in both our countries. I’ll come back to that.
One cannot but marvel at the evident similarities between Sanskrit and German. Although the distance between the two languages is of thousands of years and kilometres, one can easily detect and discover the linguistic and etymological affiliations. Let me just give a few examples that, though well-known to linguistic experts, may nevertheless be of interest to this audience. One has to understand that the Aryan knowledge of horses, horsemanship and the spoked wheel was certainly technological “state-of-the-art” around four millennia ago.
This technological leadership translated into astounding language similarities:
*  The Sanskrit word for chariot, ratha, re-emerges in the German Rad;
*  Aksha, axle in Sanskrit, led to German Achse, which is also used in the figurative sense of a close union and alliance;
*  Unlike many other languages, both Sanskrit and German use all three genders: feminine, masculine and neutral.
An even more fascinating example of mental closeness at a conceptual level:
*  Gribh or garbh in Sanskrit was gripan, and is now Griff or greifen in German;
* Yet, symptomatically, both in Sanskrit and in German, the word for physical action of the hand — to grab, to seize — was also transferred to
the non-material, intellectual sphere. In both languages, the same word is used for the physical activity as well as for the mental activity of ‘to understand’, ‘to perceive’, as in the German continued…

Time for AFSPA to goCertain areas along the LoC could have AFSPA permanently in force. In other areas, let the police (with army in support) seek and impose AFSPA for a limited period of time. (Source: Reuters)
Written by R R Palsokar | Posted: November 19, 2014 12:37 am | Updated: November 19, 2014 7:32 am
The Indian army needs to be commended for having meted out exemplary punishment to the officers and jawans involved in the fake encounter at Machil. As a former armyman, one can understand the anguish and soul-searching behind this necessary and hard decision. The Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA), which provides protection to soldiers in such circumstances, has come under scrutiny once again and calls for its repeal have reached a crescendo. There is merit in the argument that AFSPA has outlived its utility, and must go.
It is worth recalling that while AFSPA was introduced in 1958, the Assam Disturbed Areas Act was enacted in 1955 to provide a legal framework for security forces to deal with the Naga insurgency. When the army was inducted soon thereafter, the then army chief in a Special Order of the Day exhorted his troops, “…you are not to fight the people of the area but to protect them (from disruptive elements)… you must therefore do everything possible to win their confidence and respect…” It is a sad commentary that half a century later, AFSPA still remains in force in the Northeast and the clamour for its revocation has come from events in Kashmir, where it was imposed in 1990. It is sadder still that despite untold sacrifices, the army seems to have lost the “confidence and respect” of the people. If that is the case, then it is time that AFSPA went.
If the act is revoked, how will it affect the security of the country? First, the basics. Every Indian will agree that there can be no compromise on the territorial integrity of the country. It is the Constitution that provides that India will be a Union of States (Article 1) and it has no provision to cede territory (sub-Clause 3). Article 51 enjoins all citizens “to uphold and protect the sovereignty, unity and integrity of India”. So any demand for separation is to be resisted. Look now at the security aspects. Our executive machinery at the district level has always had the authority to use force, requisitioning troops if necessary, to restore law and order. So, whenever the armed forces operate, they are acting in aid of the civil authority. It follows that once the situation is brought under control, the civil administration re-assumes responsibility. If the government machinery in Kashmir is prepared to assume responsibility, the army would only be happy to go back to their task of protecting the Line of Control (LoC).
Is a via media possible? Yes, use AFSPA in selected areas and continued…

This Is What Texting Does to Your Spine
Silicon Valley fund hacks US visa regimeSilicon Valley fund hacks US visa regime
Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4088fabe-6ad7-11e4-bfb4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FM Arun Jaitley s thoughts and actions should augur well for equities:CitigroupFinance Minister Arun Jaitley’s perspective on reform: many small steps often make a bigger bang than the so-called ‘big bang reforms’, Citigroup said in a report.
The investment bank hosted Finance Minister Arun Jaitley at an investor interaction.
Adds the minister is focussing on process, building credibility with investors through policy consistency.
“We were impressed… believe the market should be too,” Citi said in the report.
Highlights goods and services tax, changes to land acquisition and labour laws as key reforms in the pipeline.
Says minister sees high cost of capital, bank financing, contract enforcement, and weak global environment as challenges.
TAGS: Arun Jaitley
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

Maharashtra mills to seek relief package fromCentreGold futures price falls on global cues
Sugar mills in Maharashtra have decided to seek a relief package from the Centre to be able to pay sugarcane growers the Fair and Remunerative Price (FRP) this season.
At the first meeting of the Sugarcane Price Control Board held in Mumbai,  representatives of the factories made it clear that they were not in a position to make cane payments to farmers in line with FRP at this juncture since the valuation done by banks comes up to R2,630 per tonne of which R1,486 per tonne has been earmarked for the first installment of cane payment.
Sanjiv Babar, MD, Maharashtra State Cooperative Sugar Factories Federation (MSCSFF), said that the mills will be able to pay this amount and the remaining difference should be made good by the Centre and the state.
Taking the production cost and sales realisation into account, the difference comes up to R500 per tonne for which we are planning to seek incentives from the Centre, Babar told FE.
Rajgopal Devara, secretary of the federation, said that the relief package seeks a host of incentives, including extension of the export subsidy and an extension of the excise loans given by the Centre last year.
Last year, the Centre had given a package of R6,000 crore to enable mills across the country to make cane payments.  Devara made it clear that mills will have to make cane payments to farmers as per FRP decided by the Centre.
The state chief secretary, who heads the cane board, and the federation secretary are seeking time from chief minister Devendra Fadnavis to apprise him of the proceedings of the meet and discussion on the relief package to be sought from the Centre. Following this meet,  there is talk of sending a delegation to Delhi to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi to seek incentives for the state sugar mills. This season, around 775 lakh tonne are expected to be crushed.
During the meet, there was a call to remove the inter-state ban on movement of molasses to allow free trade. The board had also asked for special schemes under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Scheme for sugarcane harvesters.
TAGS: Sugar Mills Sugarcane Price Control Board
More from commodities

Floundering amid demand deficiencyThe curse of weak global demand
Martin Wolf
Feeble economic performance has occurred despite the most aggressive monetary policies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e4be7f8-6e4b-11e4-afe5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Inside the minutes from the FOMC s October meetingInside the minutes from the FOMC's October meeting
Inside the minutes from the FOMC's October meeting
Many Federal Reserve policy makers last month said they should be on the lookout for signs of a decline in expectations for inflation, minutes of their meeting show.
Many Federal Reserve policy makers last month said they should be on the lookout for signs of a decline in expectations for inflation, minutes of their meeting show.

Crystal Jiang: Listen to Your Mentor and Keep Hustlingreddit
This is part of the #CareerAdvice series -  featuring successful professionals who share their advice to people who would want to take their career to the next level.
How does one get a job at one of the most exciting tech startups in the world such as HootSuite? Crystal Jiang shares with us her advice for those who are just starting their career - have a mentor, keep hustling and be persistent.
Crystal Jiang,  Community and Special Project, APAC at Hootsuite Media
Can you tell us a bit about how you started your career? What are some of your best moments in your professional life?
I had informational interviews with professionals in different industries to find out social media is where my interest lies. I then applied for an internship at Hootsuite, one of the top social media companies in town, and started my journey.
When I first joined Hootsuite, it was still a startup company and I enjoyed every minute growing with it - I got to touch different expects of a business. There for sure were frustrations and setbacks. However, those moments are the ones taught me how to be patient and persistent.
If you could advise your 20-year-old-self today, what would tell her?
Get out of of your comfort zone. Whether it's an internship, a new hobby, or a new travel destination, all these experience help unveil what your true passion is.
What has been the most valuable advice you've ever gotten when you were facing challenges in your career?
Talking to your mentors. It's important to find a mentor, who usually has similar experience before and will be able to give you new perspectives on solving challenges.
What would you advice the millennial just starting with their career or aiming to take their careers to the next level?
Keep hustling. Hard work does get paid off. Especially if this is something you are passionate about, work won't feel like work any more.
Follow Crystal Jiang's career journey by connecting with her on Twitter and Linkedin .
Watch out for the next post of the #CareerAdvice series and be sure to connect with me on Twitter @jonharules , LinkedIn and my blog, Social Media in Asia .
Follow Jonha Revesencio on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jonharules
More:

Info Edge made additional investment committed in the shares of Zomato MediaInfo Edge made additional investment committed in the shares of Zomato Media
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 19, 2014 08:41 IST
Zomato Media is raising funds at a pre-money company valuation of about Rs.37.0 billion.
 
 
Info Edge (India) Ltd has informed BSE that Info Edge has committed to make an additional investment of an amount of about Rs.1.85 billion in the shares of Zomato Media Private Ltd (which owns and operates an online food guide portal www.zomato.com). Info Edge would be investing along with two other investors in this round of funding, which aggregates to Rs.3.70 billion and includes purchase of shares from certain existing shareholders.
Info Edge would be subscribing/purchasing equity shares and convertible preference shares of Zomato Media Private Limited. Upon disbursement of this amount, the total amount invested by Info Edge in Zomato Media Private Limited will be about Rs. 3.27 billion and the shareholding of Info Edge in Zomato Media Private Limited, post aforesaid aggregate fund raise of Rs.3.70 billion, will be maintained at 50.1% on a fully converted and diluted basis.
Zomato Media Private Limited is raising funds at a pre-money company valuation of about Rs.37.0 billion (approx. USD 600 million, assuming 1 USD = Rs.61.5).
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Monday, 08 December 2014 21:27 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

DOT plans to sell 3G and 4G airwaves: reportsDOT plans to sell 3G and 4G airwaves: reports
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 19, 2014 12:48 IST
Consumers will benefit from the sale of 3G and 4G spectrum.
 
DOT is reportedly planning to sell 3G and 4G airwaves by May 2015. 
"I don't think this is a very good decision as it would only add to the pressure on the telecom industry," said Rajan Mathews, director-general of the GSM lobby group COAI, which represents Bharti Airtel, Vodafone India and Idea Cellular, among others.
Consumers will benefit from the sale of 3G and 4G spectrum.
Spectrum auction for mobile services is expected to start from February 23.
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Monday, 08 December 2014 21:27 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Obama picks NTSB member as new auto safety chief...and
versions
DETROIT (AP) — President Obama is nominating a transportation safety and human fatigue expert to revive the troubled agency charged with keeping the nation's highways safe.
Mark Rosekind, a member of the National Transportation Safety Board, still must be confirmed by the Senate before he can take over the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
The agency has been without a formal chief since David Strickland left last December. Following Strickland's departure, NHTSA has come under fire for being too slow to react to widespread safety problems at General Motors and a growing crisis over air bags linked to multiple deaths and injuries. Lawmakers have been calling for the White House to name a new administrator to reform the agency.
Rosekind, 59, is a former NASA official who has gone to the scene to help investigate seven transportation accidents as a member of the NTSB since June of 2010. He is also a former NASA scientist and a nationally recognized expert on human fatigue. He recently conducted a special NTSB forum on drowsy driving. He also is featured prominently in a new National Geographic documentary on the dangers of sleep deprivation.
Fatigue has long been a key issue for the safety board. Operator fatigue has played a role in accidents the board has investigated across all modes of transportation.
"Mark has shown tremendous dedication to making our roads safer throughout his career and brings direct experience from the National Transportation Safety Board," Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said in a statement. "Mark is a leader ready-made for this critical responsibility."
Deputy Administrator David Friedman, who has run the agency since Strickland's departure, said he will stay on and will work with Rosekind.
Sen. John Thune, R-S.D., the incoming chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, which oversees NHTSA, said in a statement that he wants to hear Rosekind's plans "to address the rising number of motor vehicle safety recalls."
Automakers have recalled more than 50 million vehicles in the U.S. so far this year, shattering the old full-year record set in 2004.
Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., a frequent NHTSA critic, urged the Senate to confirm Rosekind quickly to inject fresh, consistent leadership into the agency.
"NHTSA and Dr. Rosekind will face serious challenges and must do a better job discerning danger in cases like those involving GM ignition switches and Takata airbags," Blumenthal said in a statement. He said the agency has become too close to the auto industry and failed to ask tough questions, putting lives at risk.
"I hope Dr. Rosekind can begin the process of rehabilitating this agency," Blumenthal said.
____
Joan Lowy contributed from Washington, D.C.

Modi well positioned to shape bilateral ties with USThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Infosys  Vishal Sikka leads India Inc in lauding Narendra Modi s Australia visitDelhi cab rape case: What Uber, others say and what they deliver
Leading Indian industrialists today lauded Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s maiden Australia visit, saying it will boost economic partnership between the two countries and help stimulate bilateral trade.
Infosys Chairman Vishal Sikka, who was part of the Modi’s CEO delegation to Australia, termed the visit a phenomenal success and said that India-Australia relationship is going to be the best ever after this visit.
“There is tremendous amount of energy. There is nearly a palpable sense of excitement,” said Sikka. Chairman of one of the India’s biggest BPO, Sikka said there was a huge potential of trade in the fields of education, knowledge and digital technologies.
“Modi has talked about Digital India, so I expect all the work we do for Digital India can be applied, with some differences, in digital Australia and other parts of the world,” he said.
Anand Mahindra, Chairman and Managing Director of Mahindra and Mahindra Group, who attended the CEO round-table meet yesterday along with other high profile business leaders at the government house in Melbourne, said that if Modi’s initiative of ‘Make in India’ succeeds, there would be immense potential of doing business with Australia as India would require raw materials on a massive scale.
Brisbane construction worker looks more like a prophet of doom. Mercifully he smiled,so all must be well in the world pic.twitter.com/aoBpxDxGut
— anand mahindra (@anandmahindra) November 19, 2014
“If the ‘Make in India’ initiative succeeds, we will need raw materials on a scale that has not been visioned before,” Anand Mahindra said, adding that Australia can become part of it, as supply chain is the obvious relationship we share”.
He lauded Modi’s visit to Australia and said that Australia and India shared many commonalities and it was astonishing that no Prime Minister had visited the country in the last 28 years.
“It is astonishing that no Prime Minister has visited Australia in the last 28 years,” he said, adding that the first commonality which the two countries shared was the geo- political convergence.
“We share the same liberal values and culture and therefore security of this region has to be the top of the agenda,” Mahindra said.
Mahindra was all-praise for Modi’s stint at Delhi till date, saying, “I have anecdotal and real experience where licences and permissions for some of our businesses were held up for no other reason other than bureaucracy. After the new government came into power, every roadblock was removed.”
TAGS: Anand Mahindra Infosys Make In India Modi News Narendra Modi Vishal Sikka
More from companies

Anand Mahindra gets nod to sell his group s Australia-made Gipps airplanes in IndiaDelhi cab rape case: What Uber, others say and what they deliver
India’s Mahindra group can finally start selling its airplanes in India after it got all approvals from the country’s civil aviation ministry, Chairman and Managing Director Anand Mahindra said today.
“The aviation ministry yesterday has cleared few norms for certification, which will finally allow us to sell our Australian planes in India,” Mahindra, who is a part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s CEO delegation to Australia, said here.
In New Delhi, ministry sources said the type certification for the single piston engine aircraft, given by the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), was accepted by the Indian regulator DGCA.
The approval was stuck for long due to problems related to certification for such aircraft to fly with nine passengers, besides crew, instead of four which was allowed under Indian regulations.
“We have now amended our laws to be on par with international certification standards and the permission has been granted,” the source said.
In 2009, Mahindra group announced its intention to be a big player in the aerospace business by acquiring 75.1 per cent stake each in two Australian aerospace firms for Rs 175 crore as part of its plans to manufacture aircraft and allied components to service global market.
Since then it had started selling its aircraft in some markets but was unable to do so in India due to regulatory issues. Its aircraft are already flying in the Middle East and Australia.
“We bought an Australia company and we are selling our planes in California but due to a rule to do with seating capacity for piston engine plane, we were not able to sell in India,” Mahindra elaborated.
The range of planes, popularly known as Mahindra Gipps planes, are utility planes having seating capacities ranging from 5 to 10 seats.
Praising the Modi government for creating an environment conducive to do business, Mahindra said: “After the new government came into power, every roadblock was removed without undue haste and with respect and regards to new process.”
He further said if the Prime Minister’s initiative of ‘Make in India’ succeeds, there would be immense potential for doing business with Australia as India would require raw materials on a massive scale.
“If the ‘Make in India’ initiative succeeds, we will need raw materials on a scale that has not been visioned before,” he said, adding that Australia can become part of it, “as supply chain is the obvious relationship we share”.
TAGS: Anand Mahindra
More from companies

India headed for capex revival  $360 bn in orders: BofADelhi cab rape case: What Uber, others say and what they deliver
Bank of America Merrill Lynch expects capex revival for India, citing pent-up demand, governments focus to ease bottlenecks as key factors.
BofA-ML says $360 billion in orders are expected over FY15-17 translating into a “robust” 11-20 pct growth for the industrial sector.
BofA also keeps “buy” rating on Larsen & Toubro, Crompton Greaves , Bharat Electronics, and Voltas  and “underperfrom” on Bharat Heavy Electricals, ABB India, Cummins India, and Siemens India . * Maintains “neutral” on Thermax.
TAGS: BofA-ML
More from companies

Naftogaz warns of gas cuts to east UkraineNaftogaz warns of gas cuts to Ukraine’s breakaway east
Christian Oliver in Brussels and Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c34b7d70-6f2b-11e4-b060-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BNP senior figures under investigationFrench prosecutor investigates senior BNP Paribas figures
Michael Stothard in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5cf4b614-6fde-11e4-a0c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Security group CipherCloud raises $50mSecurity group CipherCloud raises $50m
Hannah Kuchler in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ffac30ac-6f62-11e4-b50f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

27 pc growth in enrollment of Indian graduates in US: ReportThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Govt issues draft rules for coal block reallotmentThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Airlines Have Finally Found A Fee They Don t LikeAirlines Have Finally Found A Fee They Don't Like
Posted:
Updated:
11/18/2014  5:59 pm EST
Lobbyist Nicholas Calio leads the Air Transport Association, which lobbies on behalf of airlines. Airlines are locked in an ongoing battle with airports over raising the Passenger Facility Charge, a fee that airports charge passengers for infrastructure upgrades and other improvement projects. (Photo By Douglas Graham/Roll Call) | Douglas Graham via Getty Images
reddit
WASHINGTON -- Passengers are used to paying extra airline fees to carry on bags, cash in rewards miles, make same-day changes to flights and print boarding passes. So it may come as something of a surprise that airlines are intensely lobbying against a $4.00 increase to a routine fee that airports charge passengers to fund infrastructure upgrades and other improvement projects.
The fee, called the “Passenger Facility Charge,” generates nearly $3 billion each year for airports. Currently, the fee is capped at $4.50 per flight, but airports say that cap, which was set in 2000, no longer carries the same purchasing power. Pointing to recent decreases in federal funding through the Airport Improvement Program, airports say the limit should be raised to $8.50 and indexed to inflation when Congress reauthorizes the Federal Aviation Administration next year.
On the other side of the issue are airlines, which are working hard to prevent the fee from going up, as they did before the last FAA reauthorization in 2012. That reauthorization took five years and required more than 20 temporary funding extensions.
Airlines for America, a trade organization of major U.S. airlines, says that a fee increase would be an undue tax that would depress demand for air travel. The group argues that the airports have sufficient resources to fund their projects and that travelers already pay enough in special taxes and fees.
Sharon Pinkerton, a senior vice president at Airlines for America, told The Huffington Post that the debate over raising the PFC was based on a disagreement over how airports should fund infrastructure upgrades.
"There’s not a single project out there that you can point to and say ‘airlines are standing in the way of that getting done,'" Pinkerton said. "The disagreement is over which pot of money should be used. All we’re saying is, ‘You’ve got a lot of other pots of money.'"
But airports are pushing back by arguing that Airlines for America isn't in a place to talk about fees , given the multitude of charges airlines levy on passengers.
“Airlines for America has been really hyperventilating about increasing the PFC. I think a lot of [congressional] staff are really rolling their eyes at the hypocrisy because obviously the airlines have not met a fee they couldn’t figure out how to put in their pocket,” a Republican lobbyist who represents airports and their executives told HuffPost.
“The airline industry has been a little duplicitous -- they hide behind fiscal responsibility when it suits their purposes,” added the lobbyist, who declined to be named due to sensitive political relationships.
Unlike, say, the battle over raising the federal minimum wage, the issue of raising the PFC is interesting in that it doesn’t easily break down along partisan lines. Airlines are saying that the fee is an unnecessary tax on consumers, an argument that could appeal to conservative sensibilities. But the airports are responding with a different argument that's also couched in conservative, free-market rhetoric: New funding for infrastructure projects is a local control issue, they say, and a hike in the fee would allow airports to rely less on federal funding. Airports would be able to fund more gates and foster more competition, which could bring down flight costs for passengers.
“The PFC is essentially a nonpartisan issue -- it represents investing in our infrastructure,” said George Kelemen, a senior vice president at Airports Council International. “It’s the most free-market, local control option for funding infrastructure and not having to rely on federal money -- that’s music to many conservative Republican ears.”
The issue hasn't raised much partisan debate on Capitol Hill ahead of the FAA reauthorization. A spokesman for Rep. Peter DeFazio (D-Ore.), a senior Democrat on the House Subcommittee on Aviation, pointed out that the congressman had been an early sponsor of the initial PFC. The fee would be up for consideration in the reauthorization debate, the spokesman added, though he declined to indicate whether the congressman would advocate for raising the PFC.
President Barack Obama called in his last budget request for the cap on the fee to be raised to $8.00, an increase that would fall slightly short of the $8.50 cap that airports want.
Airports are also making the case that reductions in federal grant money have forced them to put off longer-term projects. Many airports say that their current PFC user fees are committed to repaying borrowed money well into the future, and that as a result they have limited flexibility to fund new projects.
Joel Bacon, a spokesman for the American Association of Airport Executives, said he was optimistic that efforts to raise the PFC would prevail. He pointed to recent comments by Rep. Bill Shuster (R-Pa.), chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, who said that the next FAA funding bill should be “ transformational .”
“It hasn’t been a process that has been conducive to do anything beyond nibbling around the status quo,” Bacon said.
Greg Walden, a former chief counsel to the FAA who now lobbies for airports, returned to the issue of hypocrisy to make the case on behalf of his clients.
“[A PFC increase] is dwarfed by the ancillary fees airlines are charging,” he told HuffPost. “I don’t begrudge [airlines] the money they’re making, but if passengers are used to paying for a $7.00 meal and a $25 or $50 bag charge, then how is a $4.00 increase going to depress demand?”
“I just don’t think it’s credible for airlines to say they’ll lose passengers if the PFC goes up,” Walden said.
But Pinkerton, who insisted that airlines are "working hand in hand with airports to get infrastructure built," rejected the hypocrisy argument.
"There’s a difference between charging someone directly for an optional service and a PFC, which is not optional," she said. "We consider a government-imposed tax much different than an optional fee."
Also on HuffPost:

Star CJ forays into Mobile CommerceThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

As NBC distances itself from Bill Cosby  a decades-long career crumblesBy Paul Farhi November 19 Follow @farhip
Comedian Bill Cosby speaks at the Jackie Robinson Foundation annual Awards Dinner at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in New York. (Stan Honda/AFP/Getty Images)
Bill Cosby’s dazzling, decades-long career as one of America’s most beloved entertainers appeared to be toppling this week amid a succession of allegations painting Cosby as a serial sexual predator.
On Wednesday, NBC — the network that roared back to television supremacy in the 1980s thanks to Cosby’s warmhearted family sitcom — joined the list of entertainment companies and TV programs that have abandoned projects or distanced themselves from the 77-year-old comedian and actor amid the cascade of shocking headlines.
NBC scrapped development of an upcoming TV sitcom starring Cosby, one day after Netflix, the video streaming service, backed away from a special that would have saluted Cosby for his long career and comic gifts. Also on Wednesday, cable’s TVLand channel said it would stop airing re-runs of “The Cosby Show,” his iconic, career-making sitcom. Scheduled appearances on “The Queen Latifah Show” and “Late Show with David Letterman” have also been canceled in recent weeks.
Cosby’s growing isolation from an industry that once embraced and profited from him comes amid a series of testimonials from women who said he drugged them and sexually abused them over three and a half decades — an image diametrically opposed to the affable father and humorous grandpa figures that Cosby cultivated.
The allegations, which date from 1969 until 2005, have been remarkably consistent in their details. In each alleged instance, Cosby supposedly lured a young, ambitious woman seeking career counseling, plied her with an unknown substance that disabled her, and then abused her when she was unconscious or unable to resist.
Cosby has rarely spoken in public about the allegations. That includes earlier this month when he simply shook his head when asked repeatedly about them in an interview with NPR. His representatives have denied them repeatedly, and he has never been charged with a crime.
The Associated Press reviewed an on camera interview with Bill Cosby earlier this month and made the decision to publish his full reaction to questions about sexual assault allegations which has recently received increasing attention. (AP)
In 2005, a Philadelphia woman, Andrea Constand, filed a civil suit that claimed Cosby had sexually assaulted her and offered her money to keep her allegations from becoming public. More than a dozen women were reportedly prepared to testify in that case, saying Cosby had assaulted them, but the suit was settled out of court.
On Wednesday, Cosby’s camp denied renewed sex-assault allegations by TV host and former supermodel Janice Dickinson, and Cosby attorney Martin Singer, in a new letter, warned journalists who are covering this story: “You proceed at your own peril.”
The reversal of Cosby’s fortunes surely represents one of the hardest downfalls in contemporary American life. Cosby’s breakthrough as a stand-up comic and TV star of the 1960s marked him not only as an entertainer of the first rank but as an avatar of African-American advancement. His popularity among black and white audiences has bridged generations and virtually every medium: Recordings, television, movies, books and nightclub appearances.
Cosby’s early comedic performances and best-selling albums earned him comparisons to Mark Twain as a humorous storyteller. His best-selling books about family life and fatherhood, as well as his role as Cliff Huxtable, the wise and affable patriarch on “The Cosby Show” in the 1980s, turned him into a genial sage, America’s de facto dad.
Though Netflix’s decision to disassociate itself from Cosby came at the 11th hour — its Cosby comedy special was set to begin streaming on Thanksgiving next week — NBC’s abandonment of its latest Cosby project may have been the deepest blow of all.
The network is the most closely associated with Cosby’s career. It broadcast three hit series with him as the star, including his first, “I Spy,” (1965-68), which was daring for its time in its casting of an African-American actor in a leading role. Cosby played an espionage agent whose cover was as a tennis trainer; he shared top billing with a white counterpart (Robert Culp).
Cosby also starred for NBC in a solo sitcom, “The Bill Cosby Show,” (1969-1971), in which he played a high-school physical education teacher.
But it was the ensemble “The Cosby Show” (1984-92) that proved to be a juggernaut, not just for its star but for its network. The program helped boost the sitcom format generally, and NBC in particular after its disastrous run in primetime from the late 1970s through the mid-1980s. “Cosby” topped the Nielsen ratings for five of its eight seasons, and sparked NBC’s “Must-See TV” renaissance of the 1990s, an era that included “Seinfeld,” “Friends,” and “ER.”
At one point in the early 1990s, Cosby discussed buying NBC from its then-owner, General Electric Co.
In a conference with reporters this summer, NBC entertainment president Jennifer Salke described the network’s unnamed new Cosby vehicle as a “multi-generational family show” in which Cosby would play “the patriarch of the family, dispensing his classic wisdom on relationships and parenthood.”
Though the project was still in its early stages — there was no script and it had not been officially set for production by network executives — further development was apparently impossible in the wake of the latest allegations. The network confirmed that it was stopping development Wednesday but had no further comment
On Tuesday, former “America’s Next Top Model” judge Janice Dickinson became the fifth woman to publicly say that she was sexually assaulted by Cosby. “Stuffing feelings of rape and my unresolved issues from this incident . . . drove me into a life of trying to hurt myself,” the former supermodel told “Entertainment Tonight.” Cosby’s lawyer called Dickinson’s claims “a complete lie.”
The allegations against Cosby have been reported periodically and sporadically since Constand’s suit in 2005. They got renewed buzz this fall, ironically, when a new Cosby biography, “Cosby: His Life and Times,” by former CNN and NBC executive Mark Whitaker, conspicuously failed to mention them.
The story burst back into the mainstream in October when comedian Hannibal Buress called Cosby a rapist in his stand-up act, and a video of his routine went viral.
The tipping point may have been reached last Thursday when former actress Barbara Bowman wrote a first-person account for The Post called “Bill Cosby raped me. Why did it take 30 years for people to believe my story?” The story was widely shared on social media and sparked numerous follow-up stories by the mainstream media.
Cosby’s career as a live performer may be his last haven, albeit a tenuous one. He is scheduled to perform a show in Melbourne, Fla., on Friday. The show, which was booked in 2013, is sold out. Promoters said Wednesday that they intend to proceed with it. Calls to Cosby’s publicist were not returned.
RELATED READING:

Debt-relief company owner gets 9 years in prison... 
November 19, 2014 08:12 PM EST | Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — The owner of a company that posed as a savior for over 1,200 debt-ridden people nationwide while ripping them off with exorbitant fees was sentenced Wednesday to nine years in prison.
Michael Levitis, 38, of Brooklyn was sentenced in federal court in Manhattan to the prison term, along with forfeiture and restitution of $2.2 million and a $15,000 fine.
"There is something special and extraordinary about the crimes here: the fact that they were directed at desperate people, hundreds of desperate people drowning in debt, trying to find a way out of their problems," U.S. District Judge Paul G. Gardephe said. "The determination to extract from these people their last few dollars makes this crime extraordinary."
U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said Levitis preyed upon vulnerable people by claiming he had a quick, guaranteed cure to their serious financial problems.
But the prosecutor said Levitis actually created a nightmare of spiraling debt and plummeting credit scores for them instead.
Bharara said the owner of Mission Settlement Agency claimed his service would cost $49 per month but then took thousands of dollars in fees that customers thought would be paid to creditors.
The government said Levitis lived lavishly as his company collected over $6.6 million in fees from 2009 through May 2013, spending some of the money to run his Brooklyn nightclub and to make payments on two luxury Mercedes vehicles. It said he also paid credit card bills for his mother and financed parties and other events featured in a reality television show in which he starred.
Levitis' lawyer said he was victimized by "rogue employees."

Stupidity  remark leads to free health site work... 
DAVE GRAM | November 19, 2014 08:00 PM EST | Associated Press
MONTPELIER, Vt. (AP) — An economist who said "the stupidity of the American voter" helped pass the complex federal health care law has agreed to finish his work on Vermont's health insurance systems for free, a top state official said Wednesday.
But the state will continue to pay assistants working with Jonathan Gruber, an economist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who advised the Obama administration as it crafted the Affordable Care Act.
Vermont will likely end up paying about $280,000 of the original $450,000 the state had agreed to pay Gruber's team and a subcontractor, said Lawrence Miller, director of health reform for Gov. Peter Shumlin.
Gruber has been under fire since a series of videos gained attention showing him saying a lack of transparency and public understanding — which he called "the stupidity of the American voter" — were key to Democrats getting the legislation passed. He has since disavowed the most controversial remarks, saying he "spoke inappropriately" and regrets making those comments.
Shumlin this week joined a drumbeat of criticism that began among conservative commentators, saying he shared the outrage and was shocked by Gruber's remarks. But the governor rejected calls from Republicans for the state to sever relations with Gruber.
Gruber and his team have been analyzing options for financing a universal health care system, sometimes known as single-payer, that Shumlin hopes to launch later this decade. The administration is set to present its financing plan to lawmakers in January.
Miller spoke during an orientation day for newly elected lawmakers at the Statehouse on Wednesday, saying Gruber's comments were "offensive, inappropriate and do not reflect the thinking of this administration or how we do things in Vermont." But he added, "As we have also said, we need solid economic modeling in order to move forward with health care reform."
Gruber said in an email Wednesday that he did not want to comment.
Miller said in a later interview that he had garnered an agreement from Gruber that the state would no longer pay Gruber any money, but would continue to pay $100 per staff hour for work done by Gruber's assistants. He said the work would be reviewed by four other economic consultants and by the Legislature's Joint Fiscal Office.
Also Wednesday, Miller said there had been "glitches" in the five days since the state resumed operations of its Vermont Health Connect health insurance exchange, but that the system was working well overall.
That was in marked contrast to the system's initial rollout in October of 2013. From then and through much of this year, the system and its website were plagued with technical and security problems, with the state ending up switching both its prime contractor and the administration official overseeing the project.

Analyst: No  fiscal cliff  when tax hikes end... 
JUDY LIN | November 19, 2014 07:53 PM EST | Associated Press
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — A steadily improving economy will buffer California's budget from a drop in revenue expected when temporary tax hikes begin to expire in the coming years, the state's nonpartisan Legislative Analyst's Office said Wednesday.
The report from Legislative Analyst Mac Taylor examined state revenue trends through 2019, the first year after the Proposition 30 tax hikes expire.
The expiring tax increases "will not necessarily cause a sudden revenue drop off — a 'fiscal cliff' — for the annual state budget process," Taylor said.
In 2012, voters approved Gov. Jerry Brown's proposal to raise an additional $6 billion a year through higher taxes. The statewide sales tax was raised to 7.5 percent, an increase that will expire at the end of 2016. An increase in income taxes on the wealthy will expire at the end of 2018.
Some Democratic lawmakers have suggested extending the tax hikes. But Brown promised a temporary hike when he persuaded voters to approve them, and Republicans oppose an extension.
When Proposition 30 passed, Brown said it made California's tax system fairer and would help prevent budget cuts to schools, colleges and universities.
"The governor has made it clear that Proposition 30 was a temporary measure," said H.D. Palmer, the governor's finance spokesman.
Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de Leon, D-Los Angeles, said he looks forward to working with the governor and lawmakers on a balanced approach between being fiscally prudent and improving lives.
"First and foremost, we need to be careful stewards of the state's budget and take advantage of California's continued economic growth and revenue stability by allocating resources where they are going to make the most difference for Californians, such as education, health care and infrastructure," de Leon said in a statement.
The analyst's report also projects a $4.2 billion reserve for the fiscal year that will start next July. That includes a $2 billion deposit into the state's rainy-day fund, which was modified when voters approved Proposition 2 earlier this month.
Much of the extra money will go to public education, making the near-term outlook for schools and community colleges especially favorable, the report said.
Taylor, however, cautioned that the surplus depends on lawmakers and the governor proposing no new spending plans.
"The positive financial outlook will give us the opportunity to fund our education priorities and craft a budget that will begin to pay down unfunded pensions, grow the economy and save for a rainy day," said Assembly Republican Leader Kristin Olsen of Modesto.
The report is projecting state revenue of $111.4 billion for the 2015-16 fiscal year, a 3.7 percent increase over this year's $107.4 billion general fund budget.
In the 2019-20 fiscal year, the first one without all the extra Proposition 30 tax-hike money, the analyst projects California will collect $127.4 billion in general fund revenue.
Taylor said because the tax increase phases out over a four-year period, it will only reduce annual growth in revenue. Correspondingly, growth in school funding is smaller in future years.
"I think it was very smart in the sense that you don't have that cliff effect," Taylor said Wednesday. "It gives time for you to adjust your budget as the revenues fall away."

Infosys fires business process outsourcing unit CFOInfosys fires business process outsourcing unit CFO for code of conduct breach
Reuters –  Wed 19 Nov, 2014 12:47 PM IST
View Photo
An employee is seen behind an Infosys logo at the company's campus in Bangalore September 23, 2014. REUTERS/Abhishek Chinnappa/Files
MUMBAI (Reuters) - IT services company Infosys Ltd said it had fired the finance chief of its business process outsourcing unit for not complying with the company's code of conduct.
Bangalore-based Infosys, in a stock market filing late on Tuesday, did not give details about the charges against unit CFO Abraham Mathews. It also said the unit's chief executive, Gautam Thakkar, had resigned on "moral grounds" and would leave the company on Nov 30.
Infosys named Anup Uppadhayay and Deepak Bhalla, both company veterans, as the unit's chief executive and chief financial officer respectively.
The business process outsourcing unit contributes 6.5-7 percent of the overall revenue of Infosys, analysts say.
(Reporting by Nivedita Bhattacharjee; Editing by Miral Fahmy)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Mid-week recap: What the week has in store for youShare 0
Aries
Ganesha foretells that you may look forward to a relaxing week, but since your Sign Lord Mars is exalted, and thus powerful, you won't be able to sit back and enjoy the season. You shall want to put excess of your energy to good use and ninety-nine percent of you shall choose to invest your energy in work. There shall be major changes in your professional approach. You might become pushy and may also be impatient for results. Although there is no need to 'expedite' things, you shall want to get things done ASAP! Ganesha feels that luck is in your favour on the financial front. Businessmen may be in for some extra profits. The time is good for reorganising your schedule for the next fortnight or month. Desire to socialise shall be high, but towards the weekend only.
Taurus
Ganesha feels that this week your approach to work shall be very meticulous. You shall also try to streamline everything that may be going on in a haphazard way. This week you may tend to be a stickler for cleanliness and shall keep your personal and professional environment as hygienic as possible. Money matters may be drawing your attention because you shall not have much to spend on your own needs. You may have to juggle your finances quite a bit. Ganesha feels that this week is going to be very good for meetings with business partners. Also, if you wish to discuss something important with your life partner, go ahead and do it. You shall be very articulate in your arguments, feels Ganesha. Most aspects of life shall be going on smoothly during this week.
Gemini
You shall most probably enjoy this week, with Venus' entry in Sagittarius, feels Ganesha. At the beginning of the week, your attention shall be on domestic matters. You shall also be paying attention to kids and their education, or perhaps even on your own advanced education. As the week progresses, you shall realise that you cannot manage everything all alone, thus you may have to seek help from other people to accomplish your own tasks. While you shall be sailing through the week smoothly with the help of your well-wishers, you are likely to come across some unexpected financial expenses, or some bad news about a friend or a relative. This phase is very good for starting a long-term activity, such as a spiritual practice like meditation or yoga. It shall help to keep you physically and mentally fit.
Cancer
This week is extremely auspicious for creative activities, foretells Ganesha. If you have already embarked on some creative project, you may start pursuing it more seriously. You are going to enjoy a comfortable daily routine, and shall not have any trouble dabbling in other areas of life. On the domestic front, Ganesha feels you may hear the battle cry. However, since you do not believe in solving matters in a belligerent way, you shall be flexible and bendable, which shall help a lot in restoring the status quo. And yet, if the worst comes to the worst, you would do well to scramble off on a little vacation all by yourself, which shall not only give you the much-needed solitude, but also time for matters at home to cool down. Financially the week looks good, but don't overspend on friends.
Leo
Compared to recent weeks, this week shall be eminently smooth sailing for you, foresees Ganesha.  You shall now have your attention properly divided between various important activities, and you shall be fully in control of your circumstances. External forces shall be unable to dictate terms to you. Ganesha feels this week you may have to do the tight-rope act in order to balance your work and family obligations. Though your mind may be full of new ideas, you shall be in no hurry to implement them, and you shall take your own sweet time. Finance may not be much of an issue, as you shall be pretty viable on that front, and it is something that obviates trouble on other fronts too. Thus, you shall be happy with whatever you have, and shall not crib about anything.
Virgo
As the planet Venus has entered in Sagittarius, your focus shall now be on giving your home, especially the interiors, a new look. Your bonds with family members shall grow stronger. Moreover, the desire to take a walk down the memory lane with friends as well as old acquaintances shall be irresistible. Your presence shall have a soothing effect on all the people around you, both in office and at home. Besides, you may be suddenly seized by a desire to study more or gain deeper knowledge in your subject. Your inclination towards academics during this week shall be obvious. Travelling is also on the cards, but your plans are likely to get delayed, especially in case of short distance trips. Business shall grow satisfactorily, and your financial outlay for anticipated expenses shall be perfect.
Libra
Ganesha predicts that during this week you shall be very sharp intellectually. You may feel like socialising, and might seek out the company of your siblings, people in the neighbourhood or even your colleagues. This week you shall have a good rapport with the people in your circle. You shall also freely share your views and ideas with others. Moreover, people around you shall appreciate your knowledge or skills, which in turn shall boost your moral. Ganesha finds you taking a keen interest in helping people sort out mutual issues. At the beginning of the week, you may not be in a very good mood, but as the week progresses you shall get back in your elements. A new romantic link can also be established through the Internet or in some other manner, feels Ganesha.
Scorpio
This week you shall make slow but steady progress on the career or business front, foretells Ganesha.  On the financial front, though you may be very frugal generally, the way you blow up money on certain things could make you anxious. However, you are not likely to face any financial crunch during this week. It is just the fact that certain expenses may alarm you, and you may wish to curtail them in the interest of long-term financial stability. Besides, this is a good time to review your investments and check if anyone owes you any money. Moreover, you shall derive happiness through the simple pleasures of life. Ganesha feels that this week can take you closer to your beloved. The rest depends on how you express yourself. This phase is also good to confess your love.
Sagittarius
With Venus in your Sign, you are now going to feel better, but not as much as you expected, as there are three planets in Scorpio, causing a great deal of anxiety. Anyway, your wisdom shall guide you through this dark phase, and you shall slowly find the ways out of minor troubles. Your financial sphere looks promising this week. Rapid financial transactions are likely. This week, others are going to seek your guidance on various subjects and you shall be more than happy to help them, but only if their problems are genuine and need to be addressed immediately. You shall take pride in your knowledge, feels Ganesha. This is the best time to embark on a foreign or long-distance tour. However, abrupt trips may throw your domestic life out of gear, and separate you temporarily from your beloved.
Capricorn
During the first two days of this week, Ganesha advises you not to take any major decisions. Businessmen shall be under a lot of mental stress on Monday and Tuesday but after Wednesday, there shall be a sudden change in the situation and things shall start easing out. Professionals shall now experience stability and a sense of security because of increased interactions with their boss. There shall be hope for progress in the same organisation and you won't have to think of changing your job. Transit of Mars through your Sign shall give rise to myriad ideas in all spheres of your life, and you shall consider them seriously. However, don't act on them in haste or without deciding your priorities. The prospects of starting a secret relationship with a member of the opposite sex are bright.
Aquarius
Ganesha predicts that you shall be very articulate in expressing your views this week. You shall realise the value of your opinions, but your boss may not immediately acknowledge it. Actually he/ she may be too busy, so you must not get disappointed, but keep working towards your goals. Activities concerning people in the outside world shall overshadow your activities at home. It is time to explore your own profession or even new professional fields. If you wish to bring about a radical 'shift' in your career, you have the stars in your favour. If you are tentative about a relationship, this is the time to take a 'final call' on it. Eligible candidates may also hear wedding bells this week. Your friends shall be very precious to you this week and you shall give them due importance.
Pisces
Ganesha feels that this week your dormant talents shall awaken, surprising both you and the people around you, but they shall be duly appreciated. Your health shall bother you a bit but you shall be able to get over it, nothing much to worry about. This week, if you ask for an inch, you may be handed a mile. Meaning, you must make the best use of this period, as your wishes are likely to be granted. Besides, this is going to be a tremendous week for artists belonging to your Sign. Ganesha feels that your feelings/ emotions are likely to be in control, and you are not likely to take impulsive decisions during this phase. Ganesha feels that as you are very happy this week, you shall be spending a lot of money to pamper yourself.
NEWS YOU MAY LIKE

Dollar gains as markets shrug off Fed minutes  bet on rate hikesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Pradhan looks beyond TAPI to oil regional tiesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Copa Holdings Reports Net Income of US$66.0 Million and EPS of US$1.49 for the Third Quarter of 2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

WTO officials  commerce ministry review trade policiesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Banks review meeting todayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sebi withdraws recognition to DSEThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Still go back to 39 levels by pmCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Dec ist week reach 93 levels buy buyCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy dmc for 1st target of 7 and then 11...multibagger....accumulate in...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Polson wants to climb poles any 11 hands pls to help.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Fat places $2tn strain on world economyFat places $2tn burden on world economy, says McKinsey report
Scheherazade Daneshkhu, Consumer Industries Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/177ef226-700f-11e4-bc6a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HKExs Li calm on Stock Connect slowdownDemand for China’s Stock Connect slumps
Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e138d20e-6fc8-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

6 most overvalued big tech stocksEMAIL
AP
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite is racing back to levels not seen since the dot-com boom. And investors are closely watching valuations for red flags.
Remarkably, though, just six of the 64 information technology stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including online registration firm VeriSign (VRSN) , online portal Yahoo (YHOO) and document processor Xerox (XRX) are ringing multiple warnings signs of overvaluation.
Seeing the Nasdaq rise to 4,700 – the highest level since just after the tech bubble burst in March 2000 – definitely puts investors with long memories on the alert for a correction. It’s taken 14 long years for investors who paid up at the last peak to just break even. The Nasdaq Monday is up 31.32 points to 4702.32.
But while the index value may be rapidly approaching its level in March 2000, things have changed dramatically. Many of the tech stocks that had no earnings or even revenue are mostly long gone. And the survivors are that much stronger. That’s not to mention new entrants, such as Google (GOOGL) that have added earnings power.
With that said, whenever a market reaches a level that was a zenith before a crash it’s enough to cause investors to have both eyes open. And certainly, overvaluation is next to impossible to see ahead of time except in extreme cases and even then a good deal of luck is needed.
But when stocks start blasting past the present value of their expected cash flow and also topping analysts’ 18-month price targets, that should get your attention. And those are the two trigger that are being considered for the companies that hit this list.
To be called overvalued, these members of the tech sector of the S&P 500 must be rated as “dangerous” by stock-research firm New Constructs , which measures the present value companies based on cash flows. But these companies are also trading above the average analysts’ 18-month price targets.
By these measures, investors might want to take some caution with VeriSign. The company manages much of the process of companies signing up for Web addresses. It’s a fine business, but the problem is the stock is trading for $60.88, which is 8% above analysts’ 18 month price target of $56.29.
It’s a similar situation at online content provider Yahoo. The company is aggressively refreshing its technology buying smaller mobile-focused firms with its enormous Alibaba initial public offering riches. But the stock is up dramatically already this year and trading for $66.03, which is 4% above analysts’ price targets. New Constructs rates the stock as dangerous.
Could these tech stocks defy the doubters and keep moving higher? Absolutely. Analysts may be forced to scramble and boost their targets. But if you overpay for a tech stock, remember it can take many years just to break even.
TECH STOCKS IN THE S&P 500 THAT ARE RATED “DANGEROUS” BY NEW CONSTRUCTS AND ARE TRADING OVER THEIR 18-MONTH PRICE TARGETS
Company

Kerala HC directs vigilance bureau to expedite probe against Mani in liquor licence casePrint
By: Express News Service | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: November 19, 2014 12:40 pm | Updated: November 19, 2014 12:47 pm
The Kerala High Court on Wednesday directed the Vigilance and Anti-Corruption Bureau (VACB) to expedite the probe into the complaint that Finance Minister K M Mani accepted bribe to renew liquor licence of hotels.
In the progress report submitted in the court, VACB said it had not so far obtained any evidence to substantiate money transactions in the alleged corruption case. The VACB told the court that the statements of 13 witnesses have to be recorded. The statements of 19 witnesses had been reported, but none of them had told the investigating agency that Mani had taken bribe.
The VACB submitted the report in the court in a petition filed by CPI legislator V S Sunil Kumar that the agency should be directed to expedite the investigation in a week.
Advocate-General K P Dandapani told the court that the bar hotel association working president Biju Ramesh, who raised the allegation against the minister, had gone back from his earlier stand. Many key witnesses in the complaint had not so far deposed before the VACB.

Gujarat CM Anandiben Patel expands ministry  inducts 4 new ministersAnandiben Patel
By: Express News Service | Gandhinagar | Posted: November 19, 2014 2:19 pm
Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel inducted four new ministers into her government, taking the total ministry up to 24, including herself.
Governor O P Kohli administered the oath of office to Cabinet ministers Mangubhai Patel and newly elected MLA Vijay Rupani, besides ministers of state Parshottam Solanki and Jashabhai Barad at the Raj Bhavan on Wednesday. The expansion has given a boost to representation from the Saurashtra region where BJP did not fare well in the by-elections recently.
Patel, a tribal, represents Gandevi (ST) seat, Rupani, who is a first time minister in the Gujarat government is from Rajkot (West) seat, Koli strongman Solanki is from Bhavnagar (Rural) seat and Barad is from Somnath seat
PROFILES
VIJAY RUPANI
A former Rajya Sabha MP and state general secretary Vijay Rupani won his first assembly seat from Rajkot West, and was rewarded with a cabinet berth for his more than two-decade-old work for the BJP in Saurashtra, known as the BJP’s cradle. A Jain by caste, he won the Rajkot west by-election, which was necessitated following incumbent MLA and Gujarat assembly speaker Vajubhai Vala being appointed as Karnataka governor. Rupani has been been close to both Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP president Amit Shah. Modi also contested and won his first election from the same seat in 2002. Based in Rajkot, Rupani has played a role of Modi’s organizational man in Saurashtra region. Rupani is also the party’s spokesperson.
MANGUBHAI PATEL
Just before being elevated as cabinet minister, Mangubhai Patel resigned from the post of deputy speaker. A tribal from south Gujarat, he has served as minister of state and even cabinet minister in the past. Recently, Ganpatbhai Vasava, another tribal MLA from south Gujarat, was shifted from the cabinet to the post of Speaker of Gujarat Assembly.
Tribals form 15% population of Gujarat. Tribal ministers have usually held portfolios of forest and environment and tribal development.
JASHA BARAD
A BJP rebel who participated in the rebellion led by Shankersinh Vaghela to topple the Keshubhai Patel government in 1996, Jasa Barad was back in the BJP fold only ahead of Lok Sabha 2014 elections. Karadiya by caste, BJP fielded him again from Somnath in the by-election, which he earlier represented as Congress MLA. After Vajubhai Vala was made governor of Karnataka, there was no leader from Karadia Rajput community at a position of power in Gandhinagar. Barad has been Chairman of Junagadh district bank and Junagadh Kheti bank. He has been vice-president in Gujarat Congress also.
PARSHOTTAM SOLANKI
A leader of the fishing community of Kolis from Saurashtra, Purshottam Solanki is back in the ministry after being dropped by Anandiben Patel in May, soon after she became CM. A former TADA accused, Solanki was mired into controversy following corruption allegations in fishing contracts. It had cost him his fisheries portfolio as junior minister, though he had emerged giant killer in 2012 assembly elections by defeating Congress leader Gohil. It was pressure from Koli community, which forms largest vote bank continued…

Operation to continue till Rampal s arrest: Haryana CM KhattarPrint
CM Manohar Khattar faces the first major test on the law and order issue involving Rampal since he took over as Chief Minister recently.
By: Press Trust of India | Chandigarh | Posted: November 19, 2014 7:54 pm | Updated: November 19, 2014 8:30 pm
Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar on Wednesday said the operation to nab ‘godman’ Rampal will “continue till he is arrested” from Satlok Ashram at Barwala in Hissar district.
The Chief Minister chose Twitter to put forward his views on the violence at Barwala which left over 200 persons injured.
Khattar, who is also the Home Minister, faces the first  major test on the law and order issue involving Rampal since he took over as Chief Minister recently.
There are a number of self-proclaimed godmen in Haryana and neighboring Punjab having a considerable say during Assembly and Lok Sabha elections in the two states.
Khattar has not met the media since the showdown commenced at Barwala last week between the Ashram followers and security personnel, including paramilitary forces.
Scene after clash at the Rampal’s ashram in Hisar. (Source: PTI)
In first tweet Khattar said, “Serious charges of sedition against Rampal & several followers by Haryana Police. Operations to continue till he is arrested from Ashram.”
In the second tweet, the Chief Minister said, “Govt. & Police are committed to ensure strict compliance of High Court orders, priority is to uphold the law without loss of innocent lives.”
Even as the operation was on at Barwala, he met people at his residence here on Wednesday and Tuesday, but did not meet the media who were briefed by the DGP S N Vashisht and Additional Chief Secretary (Home) P K Mahapatra.
Earlier on November 15, Khattar had through a statement appealed to Rampal to present himself in court “in a peaceful manner” and “without any hindrance”, saying, “one must give utmost priority to upholding the dignity of judicial system.”
He had also appealed to his followers to cooperate in following the directions of Punjab and Haryana High Court.
“In a democratic set up, one must give utmost priority to upholding the dignity of judicial system,” he had said last week after which he made no comments on the situation.
Punjab and Haryana High Court on Tuesday issued a fresh non-bailable warrant against Rampal after he failed to appear in the contempt case.

CM Fadnavis s decision to streamline coal supply generates 1 700 MP powerDevendra Fadnavis.
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Posted: November 19, 2014 8:24 pm
The state government has taken the decision to increase the power supply to 40 lakh farmers across Maharashtra following streamlining of coal supply that helped to generate additional 1700 MW electricity. At present the power consumption in state is recorded at 14,000 MW.
Several parts of Maharashtra which still faces power cuts due to shortage of electricity will now get some relief. As a single decision to ensure timely delivery of coal supply which often lead to break down in functioning of the power plants will help to cut down load shedding by three hours. On an average the load shedding in state extends upto six to seven hours.
The chief minister Devendra Fadnavis ten days ago held a meeting with union minister for coal and energy Piyush Goyal to tackle the  shortage of coal supply that had adversely affected the working of the power plants across state.
The subsequent meetings between centre-state and its follow- up within a short span has ensured streamlining of coal supply thus  generating additional 1,700 MW electricity. It benefits more than 40 lakh farmers in state. Officials in ministry confirmed, “ Apart from the sustained coal supply, there was huge communcation gap between the orders given and coal rakes delivery to the power plants. The gap often marred the functioning of the power plants and affected the electricity supply.”
According to a senior officer in ministry of coal and power, “ We supply seven hours power in the day for a week. And alternative week we supply eight hours power at night.” From today, “ We have increased the power supply in day from seven to eight hours. And power supply at night has been increased from eight hours to ten hours.”
The Fadnavis government has been emphatically stating that tackling power crisis in state remains the most challenging as it affects both urban and rural Maharashtra.
Fadnavis who took the charge of the government on October 31, convened the meeting with union minister and top officials of state and centre to address the coal shortage that has lead to panic.
As the first step forward he has urged the officials to identify the hurdles that come in the way sustained coal supply to existing power
plants. The directives from the state government was they should make optimum use of the available domestic coal supply to the power plats to increase its efficiency. Admitting that most the plants were functioning only 60 to 65 per cent thus affecting both electricity generation and also the administrative cost of running the unit. As a result the end affect was higher power rates in state compared to neighbouring states like Gujarat , Chattisgarh or Madhya Pradesh.

Gujarat Government reinstates Tulsiram Prajapati encounter officer Vipul AggarwalPrint
By: Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 19, 2014 9:36 pm
The State Government has reinstated IPS officer Vipul Aggarwal into Gujarat Police on Wednesday after his suspension was revoked following the bail from the Bombay high court in Tulsiram Prajapati encounter case. He is the third IPS officer accused in encounter cases to be reinstated after bail.
The 2001 batch IPS officer, SP Vipul Aggarwal who was a practising doctor was granted bail by the Bombay HC in October this year. Aggarwal was lodged in Palanpur sub-jail after his arrest in the case by the State CID Crime in 2010 that was investigating the case before the CBI took over the investigations.
The State Home Department had revoked Aggarwal’s suspension and decided to bring him back to the State Police. The home department finalised his reinstatement on Wednesday however hasn’t finalized the place of his posting.
State Home Secretary, G S Malik said, “We had moved Aggarwal’s file last week for reinstatement to the GAD for the approval. The State DGP has been informed about the reinstatement and the government will decide further about the next procedure”.
The State Government had last reinstated Sohrabuddin Sheikh encounter accused policeman SP Abhay Chudasama and Ishrat Jahan encounter accused SP Girish Singhal after they were granted bail in the respective cases. Chudasama is posted in the DG Vigilance department and Singhal is posted in the State Armed Unit at Gandhinagar.
The government is yet to decide on the posting for Aggarwal however the sources in the home department stated that the officials are considering to post Aggarwal in State Armed Unit.
Aggarwal, a MBBS doctor, is a native of Delhi who was the SP of Banaskantha in 2006 when Tulsiram was encountered in Chapri village of Ambaji district in Banaskantha. Aggarwal’s special operation group led by suspended Inspector Ashish Pandya in Banaskantha had carried out the operation with the special task force of Rajasthan. Pandya is still serving his term in the Palanpur sub-jail where he had recently sent out his resignation letter to the State DGP.

The strange case of the anti-union union at Volkswagens plant in TennesseeBy Lydia DePillis November 19 Follow @lydiadepillis
Workers walk by the Volkswagen AG plant in Chattanooga, Tenn. (AP Photo/Erik Schelzig, file)
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn. — For someone who helped torpedo the United Auto Workers’ attempt to organize the Volkswagen plant here earlier this year, Sean Moss sounds an awful lot like someone who might have been on the UAW’s side.
“It’s really to the benefit of everyone that everyone have a say,” says Moss, 46, who has worked in the plant’s assembly shop since the factory started in 2011. Workers need “the opportunity to step up and speak for themselves,” he says.
Earlier this spring, Moss successfully fought the UAW when it seized on a rare opportunity in the anti-union South to organize the workforce at Volkswagen, a German company that views unions as partners, not foes. Moss opposed the move because he felt the UAW had been integrally involved in the bad fortunes of the big Detroit automakers during the recession.
But since then, Moss has helped create a quasi-union of his own at the plant here, saying that he still believes that workers should come together to negotiate with their bosses. The American Council of Employees, as it’s called, was founded a few weeks ago to compete with the UAW for members.
If it thrives within the plant, it could serve as a new model for organized labor in the American workplace. That would be a bitter pill for the U.S. labor movement, which has long operated on the principle that size equals strength and which has been struggling to survive.
One such opportunity seemed to come this year. The 390,000-member United Auto Workers had been working to organize foreign-owned auto plants that settled in right-to-work states during the 1980s and 1990s — undercutting Ford, Chevrolet and General Motors on labor costs.
The four-year-old Volkswagen plant in Tennessee was supposed to be an opening: The company was actually eager to work with the union, since it prefers to negotiate with an organized workforce. But in February, workers narrowly defeated the UAW, forcing Volkswagen to look for another option.
Last week, Volkswagen announced a Plan B – a  novel policy  outlining a tiered system of recognition for groups within the plant. When a group reaches certain membership thresholds — representing 15 percent, 30 percent and 45 percent of the plant’s 1,500 or so eligible workers — it’s entitled to meet with the plant’s management to discuss salaries, benefits, worker safety and other issues. The meetings are not action-forcing; without a union contract, the company is not required to negotiate with the workers.
Under this policy, the UAW and the the American Council of Employees will both be vying for members. The UAW claims it already has a majority of the plant signed up, but ACE says it’s got a large percentage as well (both declined to give exact numbers).
The main distinction between the two groups is their ambitions: ACE says it has none beyond representation at the Chattanooga plant, while UAW wants to expand to as many auto plants as possible. And that’s key. The power of the labor movement is in its ability to sway state and federal policy, which can make the difference between good jobs and bad ones. More dues-paying members in Tennessee would also put the UAW in a better position to target politicians it doesn’t like.
Unions have long warned that allowing representative bodies without collective bargaining rights could create a system of “fake representation,” without real worker power. Single-location unions are rare in the United States because they have a limited ability to strike.
“If they strike, there isn’t anyone else working who can help them with living and operational expenses,” says Tom Janoski, a professor at the University of Kentucky who has studied the German system. “In other words, if the UAW strikes Ford, they still have members who are working at GM and Chrysler.”
Eventually, VW may recognize one of the groups as an exclusive collective bargaining representative for the plant. That would allow creation of a “a works council,” a German concept of  labor-management collaboration that — with the exception of its plant in China — exists in every other facility VW has around the world.
The council – an elected, representative body — operates in parallel with the union and is broken down into several committees that address everything from health and safety to scheduling and time off. It’s a powerful group with several seats on the company’s supervisory board.
That all sounds attractive to Moss, who spends his days checking to make sure every piece of a finished Passat fits together just right. “There’s always issues that need to be addressed. There’s always things that need to be changed,” he says. “And it’s really to the benefit of everyone that everyone have a say.” If it’s up to him, the UAW just won’t be the one delivering the message.
—-
The process of creating a works council at the Chattanooga plant has been a strange ride for everyone involved — not least for VW’s Juergen Stumpf.
Stumpf, a former worker in one of VW’s German plants, had risen through the representative system to serve on the company’s global works council. He also held one of the 10 seats on the company’s board reserved for labor. He retired in 2012 — until the next year, when the company’s human resources director asked him to come back to explain Volkswagen’s corporate culture at the company’s first plant in America since it closed one in Pittsburgh in 1988.
VW’s supervisory board had voted to establish the plant in Chattanooga back in 2008, and Stumpf remembers that the company took it as a matter of course that a works council would follow soon after. “We never realized that it would be a problem in the land of democracy,” he said at a labor conference in Tennessee last week.
“We never thought it would be a problem, in the land of democracy,” said Juergen Stumpf, who used to serve on Volkswagen’s supervisory board, on establishing a plant in anti-union Tennessee.
Then, however, VW started to do their legal research, finding a provision in the National Labor Relations Act that would make a union necessary for a works council to be set up. So IG Metall, the giant industrial union that represents VW workers in Germany, began to work with the UAW in reaching out to employees in the Chattanooga plant about organizing a union.
Without the typical opposition from an employer, the UAW moved quickly. It said that a majority of workers within the plant had signed cards favoring the union by summer 2013.
At that point, VW could have just recognized the union — but the forces of American business conservatism had mobilized. Fearful that having the UAW organize one of the many foreign automakers that Tennessee had attracted over the years would destroy the state’s reputation for being relatively union-free, the administration of Gov. Bill Haslam  offered VW $300 million in incentives to expand in Chattanooga, as long as the UAW wasn’t part of the picture.
At that point, Stumpf says, VW’s Chattanooga leadership decided to hold an election rather than certify the union voluntarily. “The global works council agreed because we thought we had a majority,” Stumpf says. “We never thought it could be turned around.”
But in the months leading up to the election, Stumpf discovered how wrong they were.
Assisted by organizers from Grover Norquist’s anti-union group Americans for Tax Reform, a faction of workers within the plant started organizing against the UAW, arguing that its record in Detroit shouldn’t recommend it for a role at VW. Internally, they were  assisted by managers hired by Don Jackson, the plant’s former overseer, who opposed unionization. Media swirled around both sides of the campaign, and Stumpf was baffled by the backlash.
“I found myself on Web sites saying I am part of the cancer cell that will destroy Tennessee and would destroy the plant in Chattanooga,” he says.
“It was a kind of strange feeling to come here to see the success and being confronted by all this opposition to the works council.” Still, the company and the UAW were confident going into the election in mid-February that they would come out on top.
But then, in the final days before the vote, Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.)  said that he had been “assured” that the Chattanooga plant would be awarded a new vehicle model to build only if its workers rejected the UAW. According to the UAW, Corker’s statement scared off enough union supporters to doom the vote.
Mitch Smith, the organizer detailed to the Chattanooga campaign, says that autoworkers know a plant is only really viable when it’s making more than 200,000 vehicles a year, and the Chattanooga plant was at 135,000 — so it needed that new product to be secure. Ultimately, workers voted against joining the UAW, 712 to 626.
“I walked to every family, and I asked what happened,” Smith says. “With the exception of one spouse, they all said: ‘You heard the news. My husband needs a job.’”
Stumpf says his colleagues back in Germany were puzzled about what had happened in Chattanooga, unfamiliar with the fierce politics surrounding unions in the American South. “It was hard to understand,” he says . “I would understand it being in North Korea.”
—
For Sean Moss, who was involved with the anti-UAW campaign , the vote wasn’t surprising at all.
“I think it might’ve been a little problem with [the UAW’s] math,” he says. “The feeling I had going into the election was that they would not get in.”
Moss doesn’t think all unions are bad. They’re still useful for independent operators, he says, who need a collective body for networking purposes, or to get better deals on health insurance.  What really made people nervous, he says, was his research about the UAW itself.
“I think [workers] became educated about their history,” he says. “I saw mismanagement, I saw malfeasance, I saw cronyism, I saw nepotism. Just looking at their membership numbers, the way they’ve declined since 2002. Job security? Well, you can’t give me that. And when I look at our wages compared with the big three, we’re doing better, so you can’t give me a raise.”
The UAW argues that it made a strong recovery after the Detroit automakers hit bottom. But it had to accept a two-tiered system, with significantly lower wages and benefits for new hires than what the legacy employees enjoy.
That might make them less scary to an employer but also less appealing to a potential union member (which is why the UAW is trying to return  to the old system). Still, VW and the UAW didn’t give up after the vote. The union was barred from holding an election for another year, but VW didn’t want to wait that long to institute some sort of representation in Chattanooga.
So the UAW decided to form a members-only local, and  made an agreement with VW to work toward recognition. They say a pact with Volkswagen’s global works council is a key advantage, and that they already have a majority of workers in the plant signed up. UAW officials declined to comment on ACE specifically, but said they see Volkswagen’s new policy as a step forward, and would take advantage of the right to meetings it affords groups with substantial membership.
“We will remind them of the mutually agreed-upon commitments that were made by Volkswagen and the UAW last spring in Germany,” said Gary Casteel, southern regional director for the union, in a statement. “Among those commitments: Volkswagen will recognize the UAW as the representative of our members.”
The new “engagement policy,” however, leaves a window open for Moss’s group. In many aspects, it would function a lot like a UAW local if it were recognized as the sole collective bargaining representative at the plant, and it would participate in the same works council system (VW has other plants around the world with multiple unions represented).
Moss wouldn’t say precisely what he sees as the big issues, though the UAW says one item it would like to see addressed is the VW plant’s draining shift rotation. Moss says that these days, since both campaigns have been active for so long, it’s a little clearer who’s on whose side within the plant. The UAW started distributing water bottles with its logo emblazoned in orange, which marks some peoples’ allegiances. Still, they manage to work together.
Moss tells a story of being detailed for a day to work alongside a strong UAW supporter who had been in his class of recruits back in 2011.
“We get along fine. We’re working together, everything’s groovy,” Moss says. “One worker walked by, he looked in the car at us, and he kind of giggled. And I asked the guy I was working with, what was he giggling at?”
His colleague answered. “’He thinks it’s funny that the biggest pro-UAW guy and the biggest anti-UAW guy are in a car together, and nobody’s punching each other.’”
Lydia DePillis is a reporter focusing on labor, business, and housing. She previously worked at The New Republic and the Washington City Paper. She's from Seattle.

Sex May Explain Why Men Have Superior Navigational Skillsreddit
Men are believed to have better spatial skills than women, but why?
A provocative new study suggests that it's all about sex and evolution: guys with good navigational skills had a big advantage because they were better able to find mates and father offspring.
" Navigation ability facilitates traveling longer distances and exploring new environments. And the farther you travel, the more likely you are to encounter new mating opportunities,” Dr. Layne Vashro, a postdoctoral researcher in anthropology at the University of Utah and the first author of the study, said in a written statement.
Vashro traveled to northwest Nambia to work with more than 120 men and women in the Twe (pronounced tway) and Tjimba (pronounced chim-bah) tribes. People in these tribes range widely on foot and have a "comparatively open sexual culture" in which it is socially permissible for men to father children with women who are not their wives.
For the study, the men and women performed a series of spatial and navigational tasks, which included mentally rotating objects shown on a computer screen and pointing to distant locations. Then they were asked how many places they had visited in the past year, how far they had walked to each place, and how many children they had.
What did Vashro and his colleagues find? Men performed significantly better than women on the tasks. The men also traveled more widely than the women, on average, visiting more locations and traveling farther to each one.
The researchers also found a significant correlation between men's performance on the mental rotation task and how much they traveled. In short, men who were better at the task traveled more.
“It looks like men who travel more in the past year also have children from more women--what you would expect if mating was the payoff for travel,” Vashro said in the statement.
The findings seem to support the theory that men evolved to have better navigation skills because those men had more reproductive success, according to the researchers.
When it came to women, no significant link was found between spatial abilities and travel. The researchers believe men benefit more than women for having multiple mates, which may help explain the gap between men and women.
The study was published online on Oct. 9 in the journal Evolution and Human Behavior.
Also on HuffPost:

Coal block e-auctions in FebruaryCoal Secretary Anil Swarup, addressing the media on Coal Mines (special Provisions) rules 2014, in New Delhi on Wednesday. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
coal
"The first lot 74 blocks will be auctioned, but the number of mines a company can bid will be capped to avoid monopoly."
The government on Wednesday issued draft guidelines for e-auction of coal blocks cancelled by the Supreme Court. The auctions, Coal Secretary Anil Swarup said will begin on February 11.
“The bid due date would be around February 11. We hope to finalise the technical bid qualification by March 3. The auction will get moving on March 6 and we hope that by March 16, we should be able to issue a vesting order,” Mr Swarup said.
No power tariff hike
Announcing a timeframe for the e-auction of coal blocks cancelled by the Supreme Court in September, Coal Secretary Anil Swarup on Wednesday said the government is putting in place a system to ensure power tariffs do not rise.
Mr Swarup said, “Coal block auction is not a revenue maximisation exercise…It is our endeavour that power tariff does not rise due to auction. We are in the process of evolving a system, which has not been finalised yet… It is essential to keep a lid on tariff,” the Secretary said.
The Supreme Court had cancelled the allotment of 204 mines allotted since 1993, terming them “arbitrary and illegal”.
Cap on allotments
In the first lot, 74 blocks will be auctioned, but the number of mines a company can bid will be capped to avoid monopoly, the Secretary added. Additionally, the mines will be allocated only for specified end-use like power generation.
The e-auction of coal blocks will have a two-stage tender process of technical and financial bids, as per the draft rules, which seek stakeholders’ comments by November 24.
The Central Government will issue an order to the Nominated Authority specifying which coal mines are to be auctioned and which are to be allotted to Government firms.
The Nominated Authority, will prepare a ‘Mine Dossier’ containing particulars of geographical area, coal reserves, mine infrastructure, approvals, permits, etc. for each mine. The Centre has already appointed Joint Secretary, Coal, Vivek Bhardwaj as the Nominated Authority.
Further, the rules state, “Eligibility to bid for Schedule II & III coal mines shall be dependent on the status of preparedness of their end use plant -- 80 per cent of investment made in the EUP for Schedule II mines and 60 per cent of investment made in the EUP for Schedule III mines.”

Eva Shockey  the princess of TVs royal hunting family  takes aim at bears (and critics)Post by Eva Shockey .
Several days and 50,000 heated Facebook comments later, Eva Shockey — the goldilocked huntress who co-hosts an Outdoor Channel show about killing animals with her father , Jim Shockey – is still defending her decision to slay the bear and post photos of the animal online.
“I believe with every part of me that what I’m doing is right, so there’s nothing that I’m apologizing for,” she  told Fox News , noting that in North Carolina, the bear population is rising rapidly . “Obviously we’re not gonna get rid of the humans. … You have to keep the bear population in check.”
Some people remain thoroughly unconvinced and have taken to social media to tell Shockey as much.
I wonder if Christopher eats meat? Wears a leather belt? Shoes? Car seats? Donates money to wildlife management? Hmm. pic.twitter.com/krHWcaCa1i
Post by Eva Shockey .
So who is Eva Shockey and why does anyone care about her hunting photos?
Outdoor Channel refers to her as the “princess” of its “royal hunting family.” The 26-year-old Canadian holds the distinction of being the first woman in almost four decades to appear alone on the cover of Field & Stream magazine, according to the publication. The last was an actual royal: Queen Elizabeth, who made an appearance with her hunting hounds back in 1976.
The last huntress to grace our cover before @EvaShockey ? You guessed it: Queen Elizabeth. #HuntingRoyalty #WhatsNext pic.twitter.com/SEgK6JMm2X
— Field & Stream (@FieldandStream) April 15, 2014
“It’s a huge, huge honor,” Shockey told the Outdoor Channel when she was featured on the cover.  “It’s really amazing. It doesn’t even really feel real. She’s a really important woman.”
Shockey wasn’t always an avid hinter. Although she grew up with a professional hunter for a father, Shockey says she didn’t realize she could retain her femininity with a hunting rifle in her hand.
“I took dancing and did all the girl stuff,” she told Women’s Outdoor News . “When I was 20, I was old enough to realize that you can go hunting in the woods and put on camo and get dirty, and then you can shower and put on a dress and still be a lady.”
Current enthusiasm aside, her first kill left Shockey in tears.
Six years later, her kills tend to generate tons of controversy. “Some days I’ll wake up and I’ll literally have — I’ve had 5,000-plus death threats in one day,” she told the Blaze .
In a separate interview with Field & Stream, she called the critical comments “pure hatred, and hatred mostly comes from fear of the unknown. These people don’t know anything about hunting. What’s sad is that they don’t know all the good things hunting does for conservation, the economy, and our culture.”
She added: “My dad warned me before I even got involved with the show that I was going to have to deal with anti-hunters. I’m a huge target for them because I’m a smiley young woman, and I’m different than who they’re used to dealing with.”
Female participation in hunting increased by 10 percent between 2008 and 2012, according to the National Shooting Sports Foundation. Shockey says she embodies the new wave of female hunters. Her fans see her as the anti-Kim Kardashian –a gritty, self-reliant woman who doesn’t need to flaunt her sex appeal. It’s an image Shockey (who is engaged to a professional hockey player ) tries to cultivate on social media.
Post by Eva Shockey .
“Compared to just last year, the number of women I meet — young girls, teenagers, moms with babies, older women — who tell me they hunt or are taking up hunting is incredible,”  she told Field & Stream  earlier this year. “Bass Pro Shops owner Johnny Morris recently told me that the sale of women’s products was just 3 percent of his business 10 years ago, and now it’s 30 percent.”
My moose from the Yukon is going to feed all of the guests at my wedding next summer!! How cool is that?! pic.twitter.com/j9DnrMCOTv
— Eva Shockey (@EvaShockey) November 18, 2014
As for her critics, the hunter told the Blaze that she plans to follow the advice of her father. “What he’s always showed me, and what I really try to live by every day, is just rise above,” she said. “You don’t need to go down to what they’re doing. … And the best thing to do is, if anything, to just educate them. Show them you’re not this redneck who drinks beer and shoots animals illegally.”
As for the bear she killed: Field & Stream reports that its meat was given “to the guides and their families.” The bear will be mounted and eventually displayed in a nature museum that Jim Shockey is opening.
— Eva Shockey (@EvaShockey) November 19, 2014
Peter Holley is a general assignment reporter at The Washington Post. He can be reached at peter.holley@washpost.com.

Followers bathed him in milk  then used it to makekheer-prasadPrint
Rampal being escorted by policemen.
Written by Aniruddha Ghosal | Agroha (hisar) | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:17 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 4:59 pm
As police moved in to arrest Sant Rampal on Wednesday night, many of his injured supporters , admitted to the Maharaja Agrasen Medical College (MAMC) in Agroha some 20 kms away from the ashram, provided graphic and bizarre accounts of the Barwala cult.
Followers said Rampal was bathed in milk which was later used to make kheer for prasad. This ritual, they claimed, was key to the “miracles” he performed.
Followers of Sant Rampal leaving the Satlok Ashram with the help of police in Hisar on Tuesday night. (Source: PTI)
“The kheer is made from milk which is poured on him… the kheer is given to us as prasad,” said Manoj, 45, a follower who had come for a satsang at the ashram.
Other followers differed. They said the kheer wasn’t made from milk that was poured on Rampal, but from milk that dripped on him from a pipe in the ceiling.
“The milk falls on him, while he sits and meditates. The fruit of his meditation is present in the kheer,” said Krishan, 29, who is admitted in the hospital with a head injury.
Almost 200 people were injured in the clashes between the police and his supporters . Of these, 99 are at MAMC, the nearest hospital from the Satlok Ashram in Barwala.
Chief Medical Officer (CMO) Dr Rakesh Sharma said many were already suffering from some ailment while at the ashram. “Some have injuries, but many have more serious problems like cardiac or kidney ailments. They fell ill during their time at the ashram, but it seems they were not allowed to leave,” he said.
After the High Court ordered the Haryana DGP and district administration to ensure his arrest, Rampal planned a three-day satsang last week. Manoj, 45, who had come for the satsang, said he was told about the three-day event, but not about the possible police action.
“When I came, I realised that something was wrong. I had heard about the Baba and that he could perform miracles. So I had come for his aashirwad. But there were armed men everywhere and we were not allowed to leave,” he said.
Men armed with helmets, sticks and other weapons had stood guard at the gates of the ashram. Rampal’s followers soon realised that the commando protection force was not merely to ensure that nobody could enter the ashram — but also so that nobody could leave.

http://twitter.com/lkram...
AUDIO: Behar Re-Ups Her Anger At Bill O Reillyreddit
The feud between Bill O'Reilly and Joy Behar shows no signs of abating.
During an interview with Howard Stern on Monday morning, the former host of "The View" reaffirmed her position on the Fox News anchor, a position she's held since 2010, when she and Whoopi Goldberg stormed off their set in a fit of anger over an argument with O'Reilly.
"Do you now look back on your career ... and regret having done that?" Stern asked.
"Absolutely not, I got so much publicity out of it,” Behar replied.
“He's shameless, he doesn't give a s**t,” she continued, describing O'Reilly. “You walk off, you smack him, you tell him he's an asshole, he doesn't care."
While the walk-off initially drew the ire of Barbara Walters, Walters calmed down once she saw "we got a lot of publicity out of it," Behar also said.
Listen to the full bit, below:
H/T The Wrap
More:

Govt plan to improve PSUs important for divestmentGovt plan to improve PSUs important for disinvestment, says Kotak
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 19, 2014  | 14:20 IST
The government aims to raise US $9.5 billion via stake sale in state-run companies (Source: Reuters)
Longer term plan to improve performance of public sector undertakings (PSUs) is important for the government's divestment plan, Kotak has said in a report.
"In our view, the government may want to review its very ownership of PSU companies with a far bolder program of privatisation," the home-grown financial services major said in its note.
The government aims to raise US $9.5 billion via stake sale in state-run companies (or privatisation) in the current 2014-15 financial year to help plug its fiscal deficit .
Kotak added that piece-meal divestments would achieve little in terms of improving efficiency and returns for the government.
The financial services provider also said that the government's move to convert assets into income to meet current expenditure, without any consideration about the future will not be a good sign.
Kotak said it was best to put the money in separate funds that are used for current and future generations in a judicious manner.
Among the government's key divestments in the pipeline are Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), Coal India, NHPC, Steel Authority of India, Power Finance Corp and Rural Electrification Corp.
(Reuters)

Anand Mahindra gets nod to sell Australia-made Gipps airplanes in IndiaDelhi cab rape case: What Uber, others say and what they deliver
India’s Mahindra group can finally start selling its airplanes in India after it got all approvals from the country’s civil aviation ministry, Chairman and Managing Director Anand Mahindra said today.
“The aviation ministry yesterday has cleared few norms for certification, which will finally allow us to sell our Australian planes in India,” Mahindra, who is a part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s CEO delegation to Australia, said here.
In New Delhi, ministry sources said the type certification for the single piston engine aircraft, given by the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), was accepted by the Indian regulator DGCA.
The approval was stuck for long due to problems related to certification for such aircraft to fly with nine passengers, besides crew, instead of four which was allowed under Indian regulations.
“We have now amended our laws to be on par with international certification standards and the permission has been granted,” the source said.
In 2009, Mahindra group announced its intention to be a big player in the aerospace business by acquiring 75.1 per cent stake each in two Australian aerospace firms for Rs 175 crore as part of its plans to manufacture aircraft and allied components to service global market.
Since then it had started selling its aircraft in some markets but was unable to do so in India due to regulatory issues. Its aircraft are already flying in the Middle East and Australia.
“We bought an Australia company and we are selling our planes in California but due to a rule to do with seating capacity for piston engine plane, we were not able to sell in India,” Mahindra elaborated.
The range of planes, popularly known as Mahindra Gipps planes, are utility planes having seating capacities ranging from 5 to 10 seats.
Praising the Modi government for creating an environment conducive to do business, Mahindra said: “After the new government came into power, every roadblock was removed without undue haste and with respect and regards to new process.”
He further said if the Prime Minister’s initiative of ‘Make in India’ succeeds, there would be immense potential for doing business with Australia as India would require raw materials on a massive scale.
“If the ‘Make in India’ initiative succeeds, we will need raw materials on a scale that has not been visioned before,” he said, adding that Australia can become part of it, “as supply chain is the obvious relationship we share”.
TAGS: Anand Mahindra
More from companies

India Post eyes $9 billion e-commerce business; live tracking  SMS info soonCurrent account deficit rises to 2.1 pct in Q2 as gold imports soar
Eyeing USD 9 billion business opportunity in booming e-commerce business, India Post, which has the biggest network and serves the last mile, is boosting its infrastructure for real-time tracking of parcels through satellites using a new technology.
The Postal Department will also soon start an SMS facility to inform customers about delivery status of their parcels.
India Post, which is already in tie-ups with e-commerce majors Amazon and Snapdeal, will also have security gadgets like CCTV and access control systems to ensure safety of articles.
Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad in a meeting with officials in the Department of Posts has directed them to focus on opportunities in e-commerce and tune infrastructure to facilitate growth of the sector which has huge potential to bring investments and generate new jobs.
“The Minister has asked India Post to leverage is reach to provide special facilities to local weavers, craftsmen/women, painters and artists so that they also benefit from e-commerce,” a ministry official told PTI. The Minister wanted their products to be picked up from their doorsteps and delivered to end-customers, the official added.
The official said that “postal department has started working on development of road transport network for parcel movement on majority routes with GPS facility. It is augmenting facility of secure area for parcels with access control and CCTV around it”.
As per industry estimates shared by India Posts, e-commerce business in India was about USD 6 billion in value in 2012 and is expected to reach USD 76 billion by 2021.
The distribution, delivery or logistics constitutes approximately 12 per cent of the total e-commerce market accounting for about USD 9 billion by 2021.
India Post, which has world’s largest postal network of 1.55 lakh post offices, has seen multifold rise in business since the time it entered in partnership with e-commerce companies.
Amazon started booking parcels at one place with India Post in 2013 which has now expanded to five locations by October 2014.
“Amazon shipped 7000 parcels in January this year. By October, number of article booked in a month by Amazon increased to about 85,000. Snapdeals send 2000-3000 parcels per day. Naaptol is giving about Rs 25 crore business to India Post per annum,” the official said.
India Post is offering cash collection on delivery facility of product to 200 customers.
“Since December 2013 approximately India Post has collected Rs 280 crore as cash on delivery amount and paid to the e-commerce companies,” the official said.
TAGS: Amazon E Commerce India Post Snapdeal
More from economy

Probe against realty cos is in progress: CCI chief Ashok ChawlaDelhi cab rape case: What Uber, others say and what they deliver
Competition Commission today said the probe into suspected unfair business practices by around 20 realty players is in progress.
Without disclosing specific details, Competition Commission of India (CCI) Chairman Ashok Chawla said the investigation is still under progress.
“We are looking at that if there is some formal (or) informal understanding even if they are not dominant. (This part of probe ) is in advance stage,” he said at an event here.
Among other charges, these developers are being probed for inserting one-sided clauses in favour of the companies and against the interest of consumers in the buyer agreements for sale of flats, apartments and other residential properties, along with other other anti-competitive practices.
The CCI has pulled up many realty players in the past for violating fair trade norms.
In response to a query on the probe that was initiated against oil marketing companies on petrol pricing, Chawla said the basic point is how the prices move in a similar manner despite being deregulated.
“The basic point is that how is it that all of these oil companies increased or decreased the petrol prices (which is otherwise deregulated by the government) almost to the same extent at the same time,” he said without divulging specific details.
TAGS: Ashok Chawla Competition Commission Of India
More from companies

Do Manners Still Matter as a Leaderreddit
We are at our best with those random acts of kindness to strangers.  Coworkers and family members don't fare so well. The reasons vary: We take them for granted and think they'll love us anyway. Or maybe familiarity breeds irritability.
Whatever the cause, rudeness has ruined family relationships. And otherwise competent business leaders are disliked and dissed by their staff and peers because they fail to understand that manners matter.
The revival of respect and kindness could revolutionize employee engagement.
Rude? Who Me?
Leaders communicate a lack of respect and discourtesy by:
• arriving late to meetings and wasting others' time by keeping them waiting
• fidgeting with electronic gadgets while others are trying to carry on a conversation with them
• texting and emailing during a meeting
• paying no attention during phone conferences so that things have to be repeated
• not offering to lower the volume if a loud noise is disturbing others
• not speaking to others when entering a room
• failing to return a greeting when someone speaks to them
• borrowing others' things without asking
• returning borrowed items in an altered condition after using them (dirty, broken, empty)
• sulking and withdrawing when in a bad mood
• speaking in a harsh tone when upset
• slamming a door in someone's face--whether intentional or in haste
• using sarcasm or put-down humor meant to embarrass others on sensitive issues
• "dressing someone down" in front of others so as to embarrass and humiliate that person
• speaking to some people but not others in a group
• excluding others from a group during breaks or lunch simply because of the feeling that they are socially or intellectually inferior
• not writing down messages--and then forgetting to pass the information on
• dressing inappropriately when others have VIP customers in the office for a visit
• leaving food and beverages sitting around in common areas
• not offering to help others carry a heavy load
• failing to say please and thank you or express appreciation for work done
• failing to exchange pleasantries such as asking how others are feeling when they've been out sick
Great Communicators Master Manners
The opposite of these actions, of course, are the small kindnesses that communicate respect for others, engage their hearts, and ultimately increase your influence when you have an important belief or value to share.
Manners matter a great deal to leaders who last.
Follow Dianna Booher on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DiannaBooher
More:

Sreedharan meets new Railway Minister  BoardSreedharan meets new Railway Minister, Board
Our Bureau
E Sreedharan, former Delhi Metro chief
To ensure transparency and accountability in decisions
New Delhi, November 19:  
E Sreedharan, former Delhi Metro chief and former Member-Engineering, Railway Board, met the new Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu and other Railway Board Members on Tuesday.
Sreedharan’s role is to to suggest systems and procedures to ensure accountability and transparency for taking all commercial decisions, including that of tendering at the general manager and other functionaries’ level , sources said.
Report
Sreedharan has to submit an interim report within two weeks and a final report, which will be an instruction manual for implementing the Railway Minister’s decision, in a period not exceeding three months.
Sources said there was a view that no tenders will be dealt with at the Minister’s level.
Instead, powers will be delegated to the operating levels so that proper efficiency in decision-making is ensured. Prabhu also proposed a system which would reward timely completion of projects. The Railway Board has been directed to prepare a policy of reward and penalty for this purpose.
Objective
The aim is to bring efficiency, transparency, decentralisation in decision-making and expeditious implementation of railway projects.
The Minister has also asked officers to give feedback on these issues.
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

Texprocil seeks higher duty drawback for lycra productsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Texprocil seeks higher duty drawback for lycra products
Our Bureau
Plans to submit revised calculation to offset higher duty
Mumbai, November 19:  
The Government has announced a new schedule for duty draw back, including additional categories for products benefiting the textile industry such as flame retardant fabrics, cotton yarn and cotton Lycra yarn.
Special incentives
Earlier, the Cotton Textile Export Promotion Council had placed a demand for special incentives for select products based on increased demand in the international markets.
RK Dalmia, Chairman, Cotton Textiles Export Promotion Council (Texprocil), said in a statement that the new rates for cotton textiles and the increase in drawback limits would boost textile exports.
Complimenting the Government for recognising the growing importance of Lycra-based yarns and fabrics, which constitute about 25 per cent of the world trade, he said the rates for lycra-based products should have been increased by at least one per cent and not 0.1 per cent, in order to offset the high import duty on lycra.
“We would submit revised calculation in this regard to push for further increase in drawback rates for lycra-based products,” he said.
Dalmia also urged the customs department to avoid unnecessary harassment and inconvenience to the exporters operating under the drawback scheme.
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

Violence escalates in Hisar; 6 deadViolence escalates in Hisar; 6 dead
Press Trust of India
Paramilitary forces being rushed to Rampal’s ashram on Haryana Government’s request
New Delhi, November 19:  
Around 500 paramilitary personnel are being rushed to Haryana to deal with the law and order situation at Rampal’s ashram in Hisar even as the Intelligence Bureau has warned that there could be more violence if the police attempt to arrest the ‘godman’.
Responding to an urgent request of the Haryana Government, the Home Ministry has dispatched the personnel to assist the State police, which is facing violent resistance while trying to arrest Rampal. “We are mobilising the force from nearby areas and they will reach the spot soon,” a Home Ministry official said.
Meanwhile, in a report submitted to the Home Ministry, the Intelligence Bureau said the situation at Rampal’s ashram continues to be tense and “there is all likelihood of further violence in case police attempt to get the ashram vacated and arrest Rampal.”
“In view of apprehension of retaliation by the inmates of the ashram, there is need for police to tread cautiously,” it said.
The report said around 12,000 followers are still inside the ashram. Though the police issued an ultimatum to the inmates to vacate the ashram, many inmates have not relented and the standoff continues.
Ruling out any talks with Rampal, authorities mounted pressure on him as sedition and other serious charges were slapped against him and several of his followers while the bodies of four women were found in the ashram.
Besides this, a 20-year-old who was in a serious condition with a heart ailment, was rushed to a Hisar hospital at around 4 am, but died there four hours later. A one-and-a-half year old infant was declared as brought dead at the hospital as he was suffering from congenital jaundice. The infant belonged to Rewa district in Madhya Pradesh.
Haryana DGP SN Vashisht said Rampal is still inside the ashram and asserted that police will continue its “operation” till he is arrested for production before the Punjab and Haryana High Court on Friday in a contempt case.
‘Private army’
Several followers, hailing from different parts of the country including UP, Rajasthan, Delhi, Punjab, Haryana and Madhya Pradesh, left the ashram through the day. Many of them recalled how they were prevented from leaving by the godman’s ‘private army’. Some of them said they had heard inside the ashram that Rampal was hiding in some bunker within the premises.
Police registered fresh cases last night against Rampal, ashram spokesman Raj Kapoor, another key functionary Purshottam Dass and several other followers. More sections would be added after fresh evidence comes up, the DGP said.
The fresh cases were filed after clashes broke out at the ashram between police and Rampal’s supporters, who allegedly resorted to firing and threw petrol bombs.
Rajnath speaks to Khattar
Home Minister Rajnath Singh today asked Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar to bring about an early end to the standoff, amidst indications of unhappiness at the Centre about the way the issue is being handled by the State Government.
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

Take your pick: Govt plans more small savings instrumentsTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

This is the real Downton AbbeyStep inside the real Downton Abbey
Visit Britain Travel – India –  Sun 9 Nov, 2014 1:48 PM IST
Share 0
Already hooked by the new series? Why not plan a visit to Highclere Castle, the stately home where Downton is set?
Think the upstairs-downstairs life is confined to the history books or fiction? Think again. At Highclere Castle in Berkshire, the home of Downton Abbey, you can get a taste of life as lord or lady of the manor, if only for a day.
Visit Downton Abbey
A few years ago the fate of, a Charles Barry-designed architectural gem (the man who rebuilt the Houses of Parliament after it was destroyed by fire in 1834) was uncertain to say the least.
Highclere Castle
The family’s fortunes were dwindling, the Jacobean-style old house ailing, and questions hung over how much longer they would be able to afford the upkeep, let alone repairing any rooms, around 50 of which were no longer useable. Then came along Julian Fellowes, friend of the incumbent 8th Earl and his wife, Lady Carnarvon, who begged them to let him film his new period drama here and so the house was reborn.
The history of Highclere is as fascinating as an episode of the series that revived its fortunes – no surprise then that some aspects of Downton Abbey are based on real people and real events in the castle’s history.
Highclere’s 61 bedrooms!
Today visitors to Highclere can also explore the magnificent Capability Brown landscaped gardens set amid 1,000 acres of parkland and some of the interior rooms of the castle, although because it is inhabited (and not all of it restored yet), not all of the castle is accessible, much to the disappointment of some avid Downton fans. 
You can step inside some of the 11 bedrooms on the first floor but the 50 bedrooms on other floors (yes, 50) are out of bounds. One suite you can visit is the Arundel bedroom, which along with its dressing room was used as an operating theatre and recovery room respectively during the house’s hospital days during the First world War.
 
A view of one of the rooms in Highclere Castle.
You can also visit the fabulously ornate State Rooms where you half expect Carson to come sauntering in at any moment armed with refreshments. One of the most impressive of these is the Drawing Room, which Almina decorated with French green silk, gifted to her by her father. Apparently it was between the double doors leading from here to the neighbouring Smoking Rooms that Almina’s husband initially hid his collection of Egyptian antiquities.
 
A detail of the library showing a hidden door to the music room in Highclere Castle in Newbury, England.
Wandering through the resplendent rooms with past inhabitants looking down upon you from paintings on the wall, you get the impression that the secrets the house holds are better than anything scriptwriters could dream up, and until they are revealed there’s always a fifth series of Downton to enjoy.
Life mimics art
Highclere began life as an Iron Age fort and the site has been inhabited for the past 1,300 years but it wasn’t until 1838 that the 3rd Earl of Carnarvon enlisted the expertise and learned eye of Charles Barry to convert what was then a Georgian mansion into an impressive castle that he could show off to the world.
Barry evidently fulfilled his brief, in fact so impressed was Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli that when he first saw the castle he is said to have declared “How scenical! How scenical!” and it soon became a place where important dignitaries of Victorian life would meet and exchange views.
Perhaps one of the most memorable characters in the house’s history is Lady Almina, the wealthy but illegitimate daughter of Alfred de Rothschild, who married the 5th Earl of Carnarvon and who was instrumental in the requisitioning of the castle during the First World War into a hospital, taking in injured soldiers, many of whom she is said to have nursed herself. The character Lady Cora from Downton is thought to be based on her.
It is through Almina and her husband that the house is linked to the biggest archaeological find in history: the discovery of Tutankhamen’s tomb, which Lord Carnarvon and his colleague Howard Carter found in 1922. Today this amazing historical find is celebrated in the Egyptian Exhibition, which is housed in the cellars of the grand house.
Opening times
The house is only open during set dates in spring and summer. Check the website http://www.highclerecastle.co.uk for info on all visiting times for 2015.
Getting there
The nearest train station to Highclere is Newbury, which has regular trains from London’s Paddington. From here it is a short taxi ride, though to truly arrive in style an open top Rolls Royce, or the like is recommended.

Godman Baba Rampal arrested from his ashram; 15 000 followers evacuatedSelf-styled ‘godman’ Rampal was tonight arrested from his ashram, ending an over two-week tense standoff between his supporters and the police after close to 15,000 of his followers were evacuated from the sprawling premises.
The controversial 63-year-old baba will be produced in a Hisar court tomorrow.
DGP S N Vashisht said that Rampal had been taken into custody following an operation which was “very tough” since the forces had to deal with a hostile army of his commandos.
Panipat SP, B Sateesh Balan, who was among the five SPs of neighbouring Hisar who took part in the operation to hunt down the engineer-turned ‘godman’, said he did not surrender but was arrested from Satlok ashram where four women died mysteriously and two others in hospital in the midst of the showdown.
“Rampal has been arrested from his Satlok Ashram. He is being taken for a medical examination after which tomorrow morning he will be produced before a court at Hisar,” Balan said.
The entire operation was carefully calibrated keeping in mind the safety of a large number of people stranded inside. “We are happy that the entire operation went off peacefully,” a senior officer said.
The arrest came in the night after over 15,000 followers including women, children and the aged, who were being forcibly kept inside the 12-acre ashram as a human shield to Rampal, were evacuated.
The security personnel had halted the operation last evening to enable the followers to come out.
Some followers of Rampal were still stated to be inside the ashram which had been well fortified by the self- proclaimed ‘godman’.
Locals of Barwala and surrounding areas took to the streets following his arrest.
Police said Rampal was arrested around 2120 hrs and whisked him away in an ambulance.
The media, present in large numbers, was asked to clear the way for the ambulances to enter the ashram, police said.
On a day of high drama, Rampal stuck to his defiant stand of not surrendering despite repeated announcements by the police asking him to do so.
Simultanerously, many followers including women with children stuck inside trooped out, many of them complaining that they were forcibly kept inside the ashram with its gates kept locked.
Haryana Police slapped fresh cases, including the serious charge of sedition, against Rampal who will be produced in the Punjab and Haryana High Court on Friday, the deadline set by the court.
Police said 70 supporters of the Rampal, most of them his ‘private commandos’, who indulged in violence yesterday, were arrested and produced before the local court which sent them to judicial custody till December 3.
Those arrested, include son of Rampal and chief volunteer Purushottam Dass, a cousin of the ‘godman’.
Unlike yesterday, when the vicinity of the ashram in this town of Hisar district looked like a war-zone when police and Rampal’s supporters clashed, including small arm firing from inside, the situation was peaceful today.
More than 10,000 followers, including aged men and women and children, who had been holed up inside the ashram for days, came out with raised hands, signalling peace. The desertion continued till late in the night.
By late evening, a large posse of CRPF personnel were brought to the periphery of the ashram. The Centre had also despatched 500 CRPF personnel to help the operations.
Earlier, the Centre appeared to be unhappy over the way the issue was being handled. Union Minister Rajnath Singh is understood to have told Haryana Chief Minister M L Khattar to end the standoff quickly.
“The state government is proceeding carefully and cautiously to arrest Sant Rampal,” Khattar said later.
While the clashes yesterday left over 200 injured, police today announced that bodies of four women were handed over to them by the ashram staff. Another woman and a one-and-a-half year old baby were taken in serious condition to a hospital where they died.
It was not clear what caused their death. State police chief S N Vashisht said there were no external injuries and only a post-mortem will reveal the real reason of death.
Earlier in the evening protesters from this town, located on the Hissar Ambala Highway, who were marching towards the ashram, were stopped by the security personnel.
Unidentified persons set on fire some vehicles in Banbori village here today, which had been brought there by the police yesterday after towing them away from near the ashram complex.
Police later said over 400 supporters of Rampal, who indulged in violence yesterday, were also arrested and produced before the local court which sent them to judicial custody tillÂ December 3.
During the day, Rampal’s followers, hailing from UP, Rajasthan, Delhi, Punjab, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh and other parts, left the ashram. Many of them narrated how they were prevented from leaving by the ‘godman’s ‘private army’.
Some of them said they had heard inside the ashram that Rampal was hiding in some bunker within the premises.
Police registered fresh cases last night against Rampal, ashram spokesman Raj Kapoor, another key functionary Purshottam Dass and several other followers. More sections would be added after fresh evidence comes up, DGP said.
The cases were filed under Sections 121 (waging, or attempting to wage war, or abetting waging of war, against the Government of India), 121A (conspiring to commit certain offences against the state) and 122 (Collecting arms etc. with the intention of waging war against the Govt of India).
Besides, the cases have also been slapped against the accused under Sections 123 (concealing with intent to facilitate design to wage war) and other charges that include attempt to murder, assault and under various Sections of the Arms Act, police said.
The Sections 121 (waging, or attempting to wage war, or abetting waging of war, against the Government of India), 121A (conspiring to commit certain offences against the state) and 122 (Collecting arms etc. with the intention of waging war against the Govt of India), are serious charges, DGP said.
Besides, the cases have also been slapped against the accused under Sections 123 (concealing with intent to facilitate design to wage war) and other charges that include attempt to murder, assault, rioting and under various Sections of the Arms Act, police said.
The fresh cases were filed after clashes broke out at the ashram between police and Rampal’s supporters, who allegedly resorted to firing and threw petrol bombs.
Earlier this week, Punjab and Haryana High Court gave the government time till Friday to produce Rampal in contempt of court case, after which authorities have been asking the devotees in and around the Satlok Ashram to disperse and help them comply with court order.
About the deaths, DGP said the women whose bodies had been handed over were identified as Savita (31) of Delhi, Santosh (45) of Rohtak, Raj Bala (70) of Bijnore and Malikit Kaur (50) of Sangrur in Punjab.
Besides this, 20-year-old Rajni, who was in a serious conditon having a heart ailment, was rushed to Hisar hospital at around 4 a.m., but died there four hours later.
A one-and-a-half year old infant, whose father’s name is Vipin Pratap Singh, was declared as brought dead at the hospital as he was suffering from congenital jaundice. The infant belonged to Rewa district in Madhya Pradesh, he said.
TAGS: Baba Rampal Haryana Rampal Baba
More from miscellaneous
Sonia Gandhi decides not to celebrate her birthday Congress President Sonia Gandhi, who turns 68 tomorrow, will not celebrate her birthday in view of terror and Naxal attacks...

Indira Gandhi vs Narendra Modi:  Kahan Raja Bhoj  kahan Gangu TeliShock verdict in Anni Dewani case; husband Shrien cleared of honeymoon murder
Congress leaders, on the occasion of the 97th birth anniversary of former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi today, resented comparison between her and Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and vented anger at him for giving a miss to her martyrdom day function on October 31.
“Kahan Raja Bhoj, kahan Gangu Teli (Where is the comparison?)There could be no comparison between them. Indira Gandhi stood for unity, while Narendra Modi is known for dividing the society and the country,” Bihar Pradesh Congress Committee (BPCC) President Ashok Chaudhary said at a function to commemorate the birth anniversary celebrations of the former PM.
Other Congress leaders also launched a scathing attack on Narendra Modi for ignoring Gandhi on her martyrdom day.
“What Modi has done will bring much harm to him. He did not insult Gandhi by his action, as he has no power to do so. Instead his actions have started the ‘Krishna Paksha’ or (waning phase of moon) for his party. This will now stop with an ‘Amawasya’ for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP),” said former Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar.
Kumar was speaking at a function organised at Miller High School ground in the state capital to commemorate the former Prime Minister’s birth anniversary.
“Indira Gandhi is not a person. She is a thought. She is a symbol of capability, courage and strength. Modi cannot lessen it, and we have to show it to him,” Meira Kumar added.
The former Lok Sabha Speaker, daughter of socialist leader and former Deputy Prime Minister Jagjivan Ram, pointed out that Modi boasts that he used to sell tea to people, but Congress is a party, which has worked for those “from whose hands people do not take tea.”
Senior Congress leader and former Kerala Governor Nikhil Kumar paid rich tributes to Gandhi and said she worked for the unity of the nation and sacrificed her life for it.
“On the other hand our current PM is of an RSS organisation, with which the killers of Mahatma Gandhi were associated and which wants the division of India. Modi has insulted Indira Gandhi by cancelling her martyrdom function,” added Nikhil Kumar.
The former Kerala Governor said the people of the country will not tolerate this insult to the former PM and raised a slogan ‘Indira Gandhi ka yah apmaan, nahi sahega Hindustan’ (India will not tolerate this insult of Indira Gandhi). He also said that she will inspire the Congress in regaining its identity.
Congress Legislature Party (CLP) leader and former Bihar Assembly Speaker Sadanand Singh said this slogan will be taken to every nook and corner of the country to bring the party back to power.
“The entire issue is now of the prestige of Congress and Indira. She cannot be forgotten in today’s situation. She had given direction to progress and politics in the country,” Singh added.
Speaking on the occasion, All India Congress Committee (AICC) Secretary Shakeel Ahmad Khan said the time for ideological battle has come and it has begun on the birth anniversary of the former PM.
“We don’t need to become crutches for others. The direction of the wind is changing. Our workers should move with Indira Jyoti to villages and inspire people and win the ideological battle,” Khan added.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party BJP News Indira Gandhi Modi News Narendra Modi
More from miscellaneous
Sonia Gandhi decides not to celebrate her birthday Congress President Sonia Gandhi, who turns 68 tomorrow, will not celebrate her birthday in view of terror and Naxal attacks...

Will  ban  7 Modi ministers: Bihar CM ManjhiShock verdict in Anni Dewani case; husband Shrien cleared of honeymoon murder
Known for his controversial remarks, Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi today again evoked a sharp criticism when he charged the Narendra Modi govt with ignoring the interest of the state and said seven Union Ministers from the state would not be allowed entry if they failed to bring desired assistance for the region.
Referring to the seven ministers as “Sat Bhaiya” (seven brothers) at a function on the occasion of the ‘World Toilet Day’, Manjhi appealed to them to bring from the Centre required assistance for the state failing which they would not be allowed entry into the state.
Though the Chief Minister did not take any names, the seven ministers are Radha Mohan Singh, Ravi Shankar Prasad and Ram Vilas Paswan (all cabinet ministers), Rajiv Pratap Rudy (MoS)(Independent charge), Upendra Kushwaha, Ram Kripal Yadav and Giriraj Singh (all MoS).
Manjhi also said in a lighter vein that “thokar kha kar Mukhya Mantri ho gaye wahi thokar kha kar Pradhan Mantri na ho jaye (I have become Chief Minister after facing hardship and might become Prime Minister after suffering the same).”
Expressing anguish for high percentage of open defecation in the state, Manjhi said the state government had laid a target to construct two crore toilets by 2019.
“Even if the Centre fails to provide us necessary assistance, the state will achieve this target from its own limited resources,” he said.
The Chief Minister said there were over 269 lakh elected representatives in panchayats and urban local bodies and if they constructed even one toilet it would be a big help in fulfilment of the target. He also made similar appeal to 50 lakh self help groups in the state.
BJP leaders condemned the statement on the central ministers by the Chief Minister.
Union Minister of State for Rural Development and Sanitation Ram Kripal Yadav termed the statement as “unconstitutional” and attributed it to the “influence” of RJD President Lalu Prasad and former Chief minister Nitish Kumar on him.
“It seems that due to the mental torture Manjhi is suffering because of the overbearing influence of Lalu Prasad and Nitish Kumar, he is making unconstitutional statements,” Yadav said.
Condemning the statement, Leader of the Opposition in the state Assembly Nand Kishore Yadav said “he is speaking ‘ut patang’ (loose statements) now-a-days to remain in discussion.”
TAGS: Bihar Jitan Ram Manjhi Modi News Narendra Modi
More from miscellaneous
Sonia Gandhi decides not to celebrate her birthday Congress President Sonia Gandhi, who turns 68 tomorrow, will not celebrate her birthday in view of terror and Naxal attacks...

Pawar does U-turn in face of Shiv Sena furyShock verdict in Anni Dewani case; husband Shrien cleared of honeymoon murder
A day after his remarks about snap polls in Maharashtra created ripples, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar today said it was not his intention to topple the Devendra Fandnavis-led BJP government in the state – Uddhav Thackeray’s Shiv Sena had reacted with fury at Pawar’s poll suggestion.
“Sharad Pawar is taking advantage of this unstable government, but the Shiv Sena will stand firmly here. Let Pawar do whatever he wishes to. The Sena is fulfilling its role as an Opposition party honestly and with utmost sincerity,” an editorial in Sena mouthpiece ‘Saamana’ said.
“We don’t have any interest in toppling this government,” Pawar said, addressing the concluding function of the two-day conclave of senior NCP leaders which began at this coastal town yesterday.
“I did not speak anything different than what I said earlier that we don’t have any interest in pulling down the government. But if Maharashtra’s interests are not being protected, any party will take a stance,” Pawar said.
“But this does not mean that we are out to pull down the government,” he said.
“We can be emphatic if the state government is not taking the right decision or if a legislation is not agreeable,” he said.
“But the picture painted after my yesterday’s speech is exaggerated. We have been given a mandate to sit in opposition. We are ready to take to the streets for any issue which is in the interest of people,” he said.
But this does not mean that we want to create instability.
On Narendra Modi’s style of functioning, Pawar said, “We don’t know about the product but the marketing is excellent.”
Referring to PM’s US and Australia visits, Pawar said, “Modi said he started the Janadhar scheme. But an RTI query shows there is zero balance in 74 per cent of the accounts under the scheme.”
“However, we have been hearing a lot about it,” he said. “We must concede that no one can beat Modi when it comes to marketing even a small product,” Pawar said.
At Baramati poll rally, Modi asked people to overthrow “slavery” (of Pawars), but our winning margin rose to over 90000. In Tasgaon, where Modi addressed a poll rally, R R Patil’s victory margin was over 20000 instead of the usual 3000 to 4000, he said.
“We must concede that Modi used media effectively. This is specially true in case of social media,” he added.
The drought situation in Maharashtra will get worse in the coming months and we have to take serious efforts to tackle it, Pawar said.
Pawar said there should be a family-like atmosphere and internal communication within NCP.
“I appeal to you to build the party through membership drive and make serious efforts to take all sections of society with us,” Pawar said.
“In the two-day deliberations, we dwelt on our poll performance and the impact of social media through an elaborate presentation,” he said, adding, “we have to focus on social media.”
“Some like Chhagan Bhujbal said they no longer believe there is a connect between developmental work done and poll results,” he said.
“Someone said he implemented Rs 12 crore scheme in a village but did not get votes from there,” he said.
“This does not mean that we should abandon the mission to engage in developmental work,” he said. People support us because of the attention we pay to developmental work, he said.
Times have changed. People want quick results, Pawar said.
“We should think differently while putting forth people’s issues. We have to ensure that sugarcane growers get remunerative price for their produce, he said.
“We may not be in power, but we should put forth people’s issues effectively,” Pawar said.
Pawar ridiculed “experts” on TV debates, saying “there are the same four-five faces who speak on every topic.”
Citing TV debates on his remarks on snap polls yesterday, he said “the propaganda that we want to topple this government in wrong.”
TAGS: BJP News Devendra Fadnavis Maharashtra Nationalist Congress Party Sharad Pawar Shiv Sena Uddhav Thackeray
More from miscellaneous
Sonia Gandhi decides not to celebrate her birthday Congress President Sonia Gandhi, who turns 68 tomorrow, will not celebrate her birthday in view of terror and Naxal attacks...

Sharad Pawar puts poll fear in ThackerayShock verdict in Anni Dewani case; husband Shrien cleared of honeymoon murder
The Uddhav Thackeray-led Shiv Sena today hit out at Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) Sharad Pawar after he asked his party to be ready for snap poll in Maharashtra, saying he “is known for playing politics of distrust” and was trying to take advantage of the current instability.
Though NCP declared unconditional outside support to the minority Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government the day Assembly poll threw up a hung verdict, party chief Sharad Pawar yesterday said that the state government’s stability was not NCP’s responsibility and asked party workers to be ready to face a snap poll.
“Sharad Pawar is taking advantage of this unstable government, but the Shiv Sena will stand firmly here. Let Pawar do whatever he wishes to. The Sena is fulfilling its role as an Opposition party honestly and with utmost sincerity,” an editorial in Sena mouthpiece ‘Saamana’ said.
The Sena alleged that Pawar “is known for playing politics of distrust”, which is why he first gave support to the BJP and is now apparently threatening to withdraw it.
“Pawar thinks he can play politics as he wishes to and turn the political situation upside down. He wants to keep the future of the new government in his hands with 41 MLAs he has. Unstable government is the foundation of his politics. But the picture he has presented of the current political situation is laughable,” the Sena said.
Pawar’s words should not be taken seriously as he has a habit of saying something and doing something else, it said.
“He has the habit of creating an air of confusion and then gaining politically from it. This is his politics of survival,” the editorial said.
BJP has 121 MLAs in the Assembly having an effective strength of 287. With the backing of 41-member NCP, it had a comfortable majority. However, if NCP decides to withdraw support, it will be well short of the magic figure of 144 despite the backing of seven independents and some from smaller parties.
TAGS: Maharashtra Nationalist Congress Party Sharad Pawar Shiv Sena Uddhav Thackeray
More from miscellaneous
Sonia Gandhi decides not to celebrate her birthday Congress President Sonia Gandhi, who turns 68 tomorrow, will not celebrate her birthday in view of terror and Naxal attacks...

Wall St stalls after Fed minutesWall Street stalls after Fed minutes
FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bb982652-6f97-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

In Telangana  caught between life anddebtRavi’s wife Yadamma now works as a farm labourer to support her sons. (Source: Harsha Vadlamani)
Written by Sreenivas Janyala | Karimnagar | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:30 am
On the night of July 4, Korishala Ravi stepped out of his house that is right across a branch of the State Bank of Hyderabad in Kodakandla village of Medak district in Telangana. The 35-year-old farmer had applied for a loan to the branch three times but his plea was rejected each time, forcing him to turn to moneylenders. Few hours later, not too far away from the bank branch, he was found dead, his body hanging from a tree.
Ravi’s village is part of Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao’s Gajwale constituency. Rao had identified it to be developed as a model village.
On September 23, Polu Rajaiah, a 48-year-old landless farmer of Thotapalli village in Karimnagar district, got himself a hair cut and asked his wife to make his favourite curry. After lunch, he went to their field about one km away, drank pesticide and died. Rajaiah had been borrowing money, first to take two acres on lease, then another four acres, and to purchase seeds and fertilisers, but his maize crop had failed, leaving
him with a debt of Rs 3 lakh.
Since Rao took over as the chief minister on June 2, there have  been 79 farmer deaths officially recognised as ‘suicides’ in the newly formed state. Beera Ramulu, a farmer and RTI activist associated with NGO Rythu Swarajya Vedika, puts the number at more than 300. Most of these farmers died in Warangal (83), Karimnagar (40) and Medak (70) districts. However, Agriculture Minister P Srinivas Reddy says not all farmer suicides are related to crops.
Like most of the others, Rajaiah and Ravi were both tenant farmers, and they did not fit anywhere in the system designed to help and protect farmers — be it loan eligibility cards, crop loans, easy bank credit, farm-loan waiver scheme or agriculture subsidies — as they had no land to show as collateral. That left them at the mercy of moneylenders charging interest rates as high as 24 per cent per annum. Now their families have to prove the deaths were solely linked to their crops to be entitled to ex-gratia — another uphill battle.
On November 13, the RBI issued a circular to all banks on financing ‘Bhoomi heen kisan (landless farmers)’, as per an announcement in the Budget. Under it, landless farmers can form ‘Joint Liability Groups’ and avail of loans through NABARD for farm and non-farm activities, standing as guarantors for each other. The measure, it is believed, would go a long way towards resolving denial of loans to landless farmers. Union Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh has proposed financing at least 5 lakh joint farming groups this financial year.
Ravi’s brother Balanarasimha, a taxi driver, says Ravi’s loan applications were rejected because he didn’t own any land to show as continued…

Lost in the fury of a lynching  the sorrow of a pregnantwidowArjina Begum with her four children. (Source: Express photo by Partha Paul)
Written by Arshad Ali | Uluberia (howrah) | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:22 am
There are threads of intrigue, politics, and the possible cover-up of a horrific crime but the real story that is unfolding three days after the brutal lynching of a 28-year- old man inside a hostel for medical students in Howrah is the tragic sight of his pregnant wife — and her four children playing on the street outside.
On Tuesday, Arjina Begum was unable go to the local Entally police station to identify the body of her husband, Korban Shah, who was allegedly lynched by medical students who also slashed his private parts after accusing him of being a cellphone thief.
On Wednesday, the 25- year-old widow was struggling to contain her anger and comprehend what the future held for her children — Ajit Rahman Shah, 11, Mujibur Shah, 9, Tumpa Khatoon, 4, and Jhuma Khatoon, 2, — and the one in her womb.
What she has been hearing from her neighbours has only added to the misery. Those who went to collect Shah’s body said that police have suggested a settlement — a claim that was quickly denied by an officer. Arjina has also been told that not a single student from the NRS Medical College hostel has been summoned for questioning — a claim that has been confirmed.
“I want to see the brutal killers of my husband in jail,” said Arjina.
Once the police identified the body of Shah, they quickly established that he was a zari (embroidery) worker who was under treatment for “mental depression”. But was he a cellphone thief too?
“He wasn’t a thief,” said Arjina, adding that Shah could no longer work on embroidery after he was injured in a road accident last year. “On some days, he even sold puffed rice and peanuts in front of our house to earn a living.”
According to staff at the college and police sources, the case is “as clear as daylight” but has not got the attention it deserves because the Trinamool Congress Chhatra Parishad (TMCP) unit in the college is allegedly trying to protect the culprits.
When contacted for a response to this allegation, Health Minister Chandrima Bhattacharya replied: “I have no comments.” It’s not just Bhattacharya, no Minister from the Trinamool Congress government has publicly condemned the incident so far.
P K Ghosh, Joint Commissioner, Kolkata Police, defended his force, saying that the Deputy Commissioner of the Detective Department visited the medical college and spoke to some students. Asked why the suspects were not interrogated or summoned to the station, Ghosh said, “Going to the college and talking to the students is as good as summoning them.”
Arjina, meanwhile, said she has also been told of the disturbing “offer”. According to Saiful Shah, a neighbour who went with a group of local residents to the Entally station on Tuesday to identify Shah’s body, some officers allegedly asked them if continued…

Divided Jerusalem: Attacks put holy city onedgeStreets are subdued, marketplaces are quiet and people are on edge in Jewish areas of Jerusalem.
By: Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:21 am
Streets are subdued, marketplaces are quiet and people are on edge in Jewish areas of Jerusalem, where Arabs have been using meat cleavers, guns, screwdrivers and even their cars in deadly, small-scale attacks.
The holy city – which Israel says must forever stay united – has rarely seemed more divided.
In their 47th year of occupation, Palestinians are seething with anger over neglect and discrimination, continued Jewish settlement in their areas, and a belief, despite official denials, that Israel is scheming to take over their most revered site.
This anger, coupled with Jewish fears of further violence, has left the city’s 800,000 residents apprehensive, seemingly united in the belief that things will get worse before they get better.
“I’m really not safe, and before leaving the house I think twice,” said Sara Levi, a 22-year-old stay at home mother. “We are not calm, and we hope there is going to be an end to this, and that it is not just a beginning.”
Levi spoke as she waited at a stop for Jerusalem’s light rail train – a frequent target of Palestinian violence. The trains, meant to serve as a symbol of a united city, are frequently pelted with stones when passing through Palestinian areas. There have been two deadly attacks in recent weeks by ramming cars into crowded stations.
In a separate attack, a Palestinian gunman on a motorcycle shot and seriously wounded a prominent Jewish activist who has pushed for greater Jewish access to the city’s most sensitive holy site – the hilltop compound known to Jews as the Temple Mount and to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary.
The violence reached a new turning point Tuesday when two Palestinian attackers burst into a crowded synagogue during morning prayers, killing four worshippers and a policeman with the meat cleavers and gunfire. It was the deadliest attack in the city since 2008, and gruesome pictures of blood-covered holy books and prayer shawls shocked a country long accustomed to political violence.
Those deaths brought to 11 the number of people killed by Palestinian attacks – most of them in Jerusalem – but also in Tel Aviv and the West Bank in recent weeks. At least five Palestinians involved in the attacks were killed.
In Jewish parts of Jerusalem, traffic was lighter than usual Wednesday. Fewer people were riding the train, and the crowds that normally pack the city’s Mahane Yehuda open-air marketplace were thin.
“Business is weak today. It was worse yesterday,” vegetable salesman Itzik Shimon said as he stood at his empty stall. “People are afraid. Can you blame them?”
In parliament, a group of mothers implored lawmakers to hire more security guards for day care centers. The city says it has increased protection, but many kindergartens remain without guards.
“There was a feeling that with yesterday’s attack … terrorists continued…

E-tailers look to entrepreneurs to helm key functionsDelhi cab rape case: What Uber, others say and what they deliver
Having roped in college graduates both from home and abroad, home-grown e-tailers like Flipkart, Myntra and Urban Ladder are now scouting for former entrepreneurs to fill their top ranks. The rationale is clear: Given how they’ve built businesses from scratch, such entrepreneurs are able to mesh with the start-up fabric. At the same time, being responsible for a vertical gives them a sense of ownership. Flipkart has nearly 10 such entrepreneurs, mostly in senior management positions, handling diverse roles across verticals such as technology, supply chain, marketing and retail.
Having built a business themselves, the entrepreneurs are drawn to e-retailers because they get a free hand to run the operations. Besides, working with a challenging and aspiring peer group also adds to the charm at a time when e-commerce companies are setting themselves ambitious targets.
For instance, Ranjith Boyanapalli, founder of online marketplace BuyThePrice, which was acquired by Tradus, went on to become a director at Flipkart, heading its B2B business and the gift cards category.
Dhaval Gat launched Transgenez, a KPO, in 2009 but left three years later owing to differences with investors. In April 2012, Gat joined Flipkart and has risen in the ranks. “I was head of operational excellence for the supply chain vertical but three months later I was heading the operations. Also, I was manning the chief of staff role, which included strategic planning, executing the key programmes, acting as an adviser,” Gat said. He also heads customer support and experience at Flipkart.
Close to a fifth of online furniture store Urban Ladder’s team comprises former entrepreneurs, some handling key portfolios like sourcing and engineering. “We believe entrepreneurs come with a lot of learning and experience that helps them take independent and quick decisions and lead teams more effectively,” said COO Rajiv Srivatsa. Rushab Sanghvi, vice-president, category management at Urban Ladder, had launched The Stiff Collar, an online apparel store, with a group of friends in 2010. They parted ways two years later and Sanghvi, who knew Urban Ladder co-founder Ashish Goel personally, chose to join the furniture e-tailer.
According to Ritika Walia, business head, Designer Corner, Myntra, who had launched a fashion portal for designer wear, PRET-AMODA, in 2009, “It’s important the vision of the individual and the company are the same. The environment should facilitate the creativity required for that vision.”
Pooja Gupta, Myntra’s vice-president for human resources, pointed out that there were a handful of entrepreneurs with experience working across various departments. “Most of them handle mid- to senior-level management roles and manage a team. These entrepreneurs can work across functions, under constraints and are not single-domain specialists. They are highly ambitious, open to experiments and willing to work with limited resources,” Gupta said.
Ravi Gururaj, chairman, Nasscom Product Council, believes those who start a company, even if they fail, are able to take decisions making and work with limited resources. “They are agile thinkers, move fast and don’t mind working for others. So the traffic is both ways. They learn a lot during the entrepreneurship days and then go back to a job which is normal and is great news for companies,” Gururaj pointed out.
TAGS: Flipkart Myntra Urban Ladder
More from companies

This could be the biggest scam in the worldThe Big Oil Lie: Are You Being Robbed?
by All Time Numbers Videos 7:55 mins
60,800 views
The Big Oil Lie: Are You Being Robbed?
by All Time Numbers Videos 7:55 mins
60,800 views
The Big Oil Lie: Are You Being Robbed?  The global energy crisis has put immense pressure on our oil supply. Prices have skyrocketed to reflect demand, and oil barons' coffers have swelled. They use the Peak Oil Theory to justify their high prices - but could they really be sitting on endless reserves of oil? Could this all be a big rip-off?
Link

The worlds most-visited attractionsBigg Boss 8
What's the most visited attraction in the world?
Based on data supplied by the attractions themselves and information from government agencies, industry reports, and reputable media outlets, Travel+Leisure have put together this list of ten most-visited attractions in the world.
What's number one?
Based on data supplied by the attractions themselves and information from government agencies, industry reports, and reputable media outlets, Travel+Leisure have come up with the ten most visited ... more 
Based on data supplied by the attractions themselves and information from government agencies, industry reports, and reputable media outlets, Travel+Leisure have come up with the ten most visited attractions in the world. What will be number one? 10. Grand Central Terminal, New York City Annual Visitors: 21,600,00 Vvisitors take their time in the main concourse of this Beaux-Arts landmark, pausing to view its ceiling painted with a map of the constellations from the night sky. Shops, an annual holiday market, special events, and restaurants also attract attention. Two of the grandest venues are the Campbell Apartment, serving craft cocktails, and the historic Oyster Bar. less 
1 / 12

Timeless lessons from single and happy Sushmita SenWhy we love Sushmita Sen
Bollywoodshaadis.com –  Tue 2 Dec, 2014 6:40 PM IST
Share 0
 
One of the most beautiful women in the universe, Sushmita Sen, is someone who has always broken away from the conformists' mould and tried to do something different. She is an independent woman, who does not shy away from expressing her views on anything and everything. And yes, this gorgeous mother is blissfully single! Sushmita Sen found her happily-ever-after not with any man, but with her two wonderful daughters.
The diva just turned 39 today, and has been leading a life that is tremendously inspiring. Here are the four timeless lessons that Sushmita Sen has taught us through her actions.
#1. Being a single and happy parent
You do not need to be married to feel the joys of being a mother, and this is something that Sushmita truly believes in. In 2000, when Sushmita was 25 years-old and was winning awards and praises for her supporting role in Biwi No. 1, the world was her oyster. Yet she did something that no other Indian actress would dare to do; she adopted a baby girl named Renée. Sushmita chose to take over the responsibilities of motherhood, along with her acting career.
Must Read:  Parenting Lessons from 7 Inspiring Bollywood Dads
Ten years later, Sushmita repeated the history by adopting a second girl child. When the court granted her the custody, she came out with a charming smile and said, “I am feeling on top of the world. I have named her Alisah, which in Greek means joyful. She is a very happy child. She will win you over in one minute.”
Sush’s Mantra: Love your child unconditionally. As a mother it should never matter to you if your child comes out of your womb or your heart.
Recommended Read: 9 Happily Unmarried Bollywood Divas Who are Above 30
#2. Become a complete powerhouse
Single parents have to deal with many tough questions. The most common one, "where is my daddy/mummy?" Sushmita too faced her fair share of such questions from her kids. One day when Renée came back from school, she asked about her father. Sushmita just smiled and pointed to a Shivling (a representation of Lord Shiva) and told her that was her father.
The way she has handled all their questions has ensured that her children clearly understood the responsibilities of a single parent and also respected that. Now, Renée knows that her mother will choose a father for them someday, but not without her daughters' approval.
Sush’s Mantra: Being a single parent can be really tough, but it is not impossible. Best way to handle your kid’s innocent questions is to be truthful to them and you will definitely earn their respect.
While Sushmita did not feel the need of being a parent biologically, these celebrities did the other way round. Have a look at these  Bollywood Celebrities Who Did Not Conceive Naturally .
#3. Learn to pamper yourself
When Sushmita was seen sporting a solitaire on her ring finger, the rumour mills started speculating about a possible engagement. But Sushmita clarified that she had bought the 22-carat solitaire for herself. Sushmita said, “I don't need a man in my life to have diamonds. I can own them myself.”
Sush’s Mantra: Be independent, be proud and never hesitate to pamper yourself.
Although it might be tough to be a single mother, but it is a wonderful feeling at the same time. Here is  How to Overcome the Challenges of Being a Single Mother
#4. Nothing wrong in waiting for Mr. Right!
Many single women often jump into marriage once they cross their 20s. Some fear the idea of remaining single for life while others fear social pressure. And at times, all these crazy thoughts get many women trapped into the institution of marriage without them being sure about it. However, Sushmita believes, “It (marriage) is a celebration of choice.” She even said, "I don't think I should walk with the system. Our society has made this system that get graduate at 18, by 22 start panicking to get married and by 27 have your first child. I don't believe in that..." "Every person's DNA is different. I will certainly get married and for sure it's going to be a beautiful wedding (Masha allah bahut khoobsurat hogi meri shaadi)." So, it is perfectly fine to wait for the Mr. Right, rather than just getting settled due to the social pressure.

Dept of Financial Services to Review Quarterly performance of Public Sector BanksThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Coal block bidders may face mining infra issueThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

OVL bids for oil and gas block in New ZealandThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

China HSBC PMI falls to 50 in Nov  output shrinks for first time in 6 monthsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

World Chess Championship: Ninth game between Anand  Carlsen to be played todayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rampal brought to Panchkula  medically examinedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Asian markets mixed; Taiwan Weighted  Kospi downThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SunEdison forays into wind sectorThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bought and sold at 38 :(Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy 210pe....play safeCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

It is a treat to read good technical msgs from u   andy and sheremalwa...57 Followers
Short term Traders,
Don’t go long until it closes above 2645 for three consecutive days.  We can see 175-200 correction from here.
No Issues for LT Investors. It will trade above 3600 in next 12-15 months.
2.47 AM Nov 20th  | Track

It is a true pictureUpdated: November 18, 2014 08:26 IST
It is a true picture
Rajdeep Sardesai at the book launch. Photo: V. Sreenivasa Murthy
TOPICS
non-fiction
At the launch of Rajdeep Sardesai’s book, The Election That Changed India, the conversation was a heady mix of cricket and politics
“In the year 1999, the current Prime Minister Narendra Modi had agreed to rush to a television studio in a taxi when another BJP spokesperson backed out of the news show at the last minute,” recalled former editor-in-chief of CNN IBN Rajdeep Sardesai. Speaking at the launch of his book, Elections 2014 - The Election that changed India, in Bangalore, elucidating the incident further, the journalist recalled how he spoke to Mr. Modi in Gujarati when he was staying in New Delhi along with other BJP workers and RSS Pracharaks.
Incidentally, he said the show for which Mr. Modi “caught a taxi and rushed to attend” was being anchored together by Sardesai and editor-in-chief of Times Now, Arnab Goswami. He further said: “Mr.Modi was even worried about who would pay for the taxi”.
Speaking at the function, Sardesai argued that his book was not against any political party or politician, but an objective opinion of the 2014 elections. He said the “book was harsher on the Congress” as the party failed in its election campaign and won only 44 seats.
Launching the book, historian Ramachandra Guha recalled the long friendship he has shared with the journalist and said “the only time we oppose each other is when Karnataka play Mumbai in a Ranji trophy match.”
He said that’s because he was passionate and supported the Karnataka team and Sardesai was an equally passionate supporter of the Mumbai team.
In a lighter vein, Guha said both Sardesai and he were “cricket tragics” as they realized that they were not good enough to play for the Indian team! In fact, both the journalist and the historian spoke extensively about great Indian cricketing moments and recalled the finesse of legendary batsman, G.R.Vishwanath.
When the conversation took a turn to the serious, Guha emphasised the need for grassroot reporters with strong understanding of issues around the country to become television anchors. Responding to this, Sardesai said “he was worried about the increasing influence of corporations in Indian media houses”. Sardesai, however added that he is not “completely cynical” and online news platforms are proving to be a strong “counter force” to main stream media.
Taking questions from the audience, he pointed out that the online media avenues were disseminating news and information that have not been published by the main stream media.
The book launch had several young students from institutes of journalism in the city, eager to get their copies of the book signed by Sardesai.
Among the glitterati were food and civil supplies minister Dinesh Gundu Rao, BJP MP Shobha Kharandlaje, writer B.L.Shankar, Psephologist Sandeep Shastri, former Lokayukta Santosh Hegde and noted lawyer B.V.Acharya.

Jaitley relaunches Kisan Vikas PatraNew Delhi, November 18, 2014
Updated: November 18, 2014 20:11 IST
Jaitley relaunches Kisan Vikas Patra
Special Correspondent
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley at the relaunch of Kisan Vikas Patra investment scheme in New Delhi on Tuesday. Photo: V. Sudershan
VIDEO
economy, business and finance
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and Communication Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad relaunched the Kisan Vikas Patra (KVP) investment scheme on Tuesday to tap household savings for funding infrastructure development in the country and to lure them away from ponzi schemes.
The savings instrument will be available in the denomination of Rs. 1000, Rs. 5,000, Rs. 10,000 and Rs. 50,000. There will be no upper ceiling on investments an investor can make in them. However, no tax benefits would be available on these investments.
Banks will accept these certificates as pledged security for loans.
To begin with, the certificates will be available only at post offices. Over time, however, designated branches of nationalised banks will also sell them.
The certificates will carry a lock-in period of 2 years and 6 months after which they will become encashable on pre-determined maturity value. Investments made in the certificate will double in 8 years and 4 months.
Government will deploy the collections under the scheme to finance development plans of the Centre and State Governments.

Sensex  Nifty scale new peaks on fund inflowsUpdated: November 18, 2014 10:22 IST
Sensex, Nifty scale new peaks on fund inflows
PTI
stocks
Surpassing all previous records, the benchmark BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty on Tuesday hit new lifetime highs to 28,260.66 and 8,447.40 respectively in early trade on sustained foreign capital inflows, driven by positive domestic and global cues.
The 30-share index rose by 82.78 points, or 0.29 per cent, to new peak of 28,260.66. The gauge had gained 237.24 points in the previous two sessions.
The NSE index Nifty also rose by 16.65 points, or 0.19 per cent, to trade at a fresh high of 8,447.40.
The BSE Sensex had recorded its earlier intra-day high of 28,205.71 and the Nifty clocked its peak of 8,438.10 in yesterday’s trade.
Continued buying by funds and retail investors amid cooling inflation and falling global fuel prices influenced trading sentiments, brokers said, adding these factors have raised hopes of a rate cut by the RBI and further economic reforms by the government.
All the sectoral indices led by capital goods and oil & gas were trading in positive zone with gains up to 0.87 per cent.

BJP calls in magicians  hopes they will do its JharkhandtrickSanjay Khan (in red robe) performs in Goderma.
Written by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Bishrampur (jharkhand) | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:38 am
A damru in his hand, as Jameel Khan walks around Goderma village in Palamu district, he shouts , “Hoi! Jaadu, jaadu! Bangal ka kaala jaadu!”
Tentatively, villagers begin gathering around Jameel and three other men with him. Jameel’s associate Sanjay Khan addresses the villagers:
“Jaadu ka khel hain! (It’s a magic show)” Someone from the audience taunts, “Prachaar nahi hain, na? (Hope it is not campaigning)”
A little rattled but not one to give up, the 28-year-old Sanjay takes off the tattered red robe Jameel is wearing and puts it on — and transforms himself into a magician.
Possibly taking the slogan of ‘Modi Magic’ a tad too literally, the BJP has hired six teams of magicians to campaign for its candidates in the first phase of elections in Jharkhand. Each team has two persons — a magician and his assistant. But due to poor preparations at Bishrampur, where the BJP has fielded Ram Chandra Chandravanshi, the two teams assigned to the constituency for two days are travelling together.
In this village, Sanjay,who like the other three is from Bhopal, takes the lead. He begins by making a Rs 20 note appear from burnt paper and then invites a youngster from the village to join him. “I am going to make a fool out of him,” he says to laughs all around. Cyclists and bike riders stop by to take a look.
The magician, twirling a baton whose paint has begun to peel off, extensively interacts with the crowd, while at the same time sticking to some basic tricks, with small variations: plastic balls are made to appear in what was previously an empty bag held by the youngster and water drips from an apparently empty funnel held to his ear.
It helps that stage magic is not widely practised in Jharkhand — though people of certain regions believe in witchcraft.
All the magicians performing for the BJP are either from Madhya Pradesh or Maharashtra. The party had apparently signed them up for the assembly and Lok Sabha elections, too. “I worked in Vidisha (Lok Sabha) for Sushma Swaraj madam. I did not go to Maharashtra, but those who went worked across 40 villages,” says Sanjay.
Later, when the team reaches Raksahana village, they are confronted by a group of women who say they don’t want to see magic. “It’s bad. We are scared,” one of them tells Sanjay. He is not flustered. “We saw this in Chhattisgarh too, when villagers would come out asking us not to perform,” he says.
Sanjay says he has worked with the state governments of Chhattisgarh, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh — where the BJP is in power. “It was mostly related to awareness campaigns. When I am asked to work on something, I take time to understand the topic and design a trick based around the theme,” he says.
Thanks to the heckling, the performance at Raksahana starts poorly: continued…

UN impose sanctions on Libyas Ansaral-ShariaUN Security Council is imposing sanctions on two branches of the Libyan Islamist militant group Ansar al-Sharia.
By: Associated Press | United Nations | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:38 am
The UN Security Council is imposing sanctions on two branches of the Libyan Islamist militant group Ansar al-Sharia for their ties to al-Qaida and other terrorist groups.
France, Britain and the United States sought the sanctions and council members had until 3 pm EST (2000 GMT) on Wednesday to object. Diplomats from the three countries said there were no objections.
The committee monitoring sanctions against al-Qaida will now add Ansar Al-Sharia in Benghazi and Ansar Al-Sharia in Derna to the sanctions blacklist and order all countries to freeze all assets of the two groups.
The United States has already imposed sanctions on Ansar Al-Sharia for its role in the 2012 attack on the US consulate in Benghazi that led to the deaths of Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans.

Judge overturns Montanas gay marriagebanA federal judge in Montana on Wednesday overturned the state's gay marriage ban.
By: Associated Press | Helena | Posted: November 20, 2014 5:07 am
A federal judge in Montana on Wednesday overturned the state’s gay marriage ban.
US District Judge Brian Morris ruled that Montana’s constitutional amendment limiting marriage to between a man and a woman violates the 14th Amendment’s Equal Protection Clause.
“This Court recognizes that not everyone will celebrate this outcome,” Morris wrote. “This decision overturns a Montana Constitutional amendment approved by the voters of Montana. Yet the United States Constitution exists to protect disfavored minorities from the will of the majority.”
In September, the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that Idaho and Nevada’s bans are unconstitutional. Montana is part of the 9th Circuit, and Morris cited the appeals court’s opinion in his ruling.
Same-sex couples can now marry in more than 30 states, parts of Kansas and Missouri, and Washington, DC.
The Montana decision comes after four same-sex couples filed a lawsuit in May challenging the state’s ban.
Morris also noted Montana no longer can deprive plaintiffs and other same-sex couples of the chance to marry their loves. He said his ruling was effective immediately.

John Kerry in diplomatic overdrive on Iran nucleardealKerry embarked Wednesday on a frenzy of high-stakes diplomacy in a last-minute push to secure an agreement.
By: Associated Press | London | Posted: November 20, 2014 5:56 am
With a deadline for Iranian nuclear deal fast approaching, US Secretary of State John Kerry embarked Wednesday on a frenzy of high-stakes diplomacy in a last-minute push to secure an agreement — or at least prevent the process from collapsing.
As senior negotiators huddled for a second day in Vienna, Kerry held separate meetings in London. He planned a trip to Paris Wednesday. Kerry was still weighing when he might join the larger effort in the Austrian capital where negotiators are racing against the clock to forge a pact over the next five days to prevent Iran from reaching the capability to produce atomic weapons.
Despite his efforts, though, signs increasingly pointed to Monday’s deadline passing without a deal and the negotiations being extended a second time.
In London, Kerry met Wednesday at his hotel with Foreign Minister Yusuf bin Alawi of Oman, a key bridge between Washington and Tehran, a senior US official said. Bin Alawi was in Tehran last weekend and met with Kerry on Tuesday. Their follow-up meeting was unannounced and confirmed only after an Associated Press reporter saw the foreign minister in Kerry’s hotel.
Oman is not party to the negotiations among Iran, the US, Britain, China, France, Russia, the European Union and Germany.
But it is unique among the Gulf Arab states for the close ties it maintains with Iran, having hosted high-level nuclear talks earlier this month and served as the site of secret US-Iranian gatherings dating back to 2012. Those earlier discussions laid the groundwork for an interim nuclear agreement reached a year ago, which the so-called P5+1 countries now hope to cement with a comprehensive accord in Vienna.
Details of Kerry’s meetings with bin Alawi were not immediately clear and US officials were tight-lipped about any role Oman might play beyond that of an intermediary.
In Washington, President Barack Obama’s nominee to be Kerry’s deputy at the State Department said he believed it would be difficult to meet the deadline.
“It’s not impossible,” said Tony Blinken, currently Obama’s deputy national security adviser. “It depends entirely on whether Iran is willing to take steps it must take to convince us, to convince our partners that its program would be for entirely peaceful purposes. As we speak, we’re not there.”
Peter Wittig, Germany’s ambassador to the US, wouldn’t rule out an extension and said a nuclear deal could lead to better relations between Iran and world powers on regional crises in Syria and Lebanon.
“If these negotiations fail, there won’t be any winners,” Wittig told reporters in Washington.
In Paris, Kerry will meet Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal and French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius. Those meetings are key because French objections last year delayed the adoption of an interim agreement by several weeks, and Saudi Arabia remains deeply concerned about the continued…

Express 5: Godman arrested  6 dead in his Hisar ashram; in Telangana  caught between life anddeptRead five special stories from The Indian Express before you start your day.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 8:49 am
 
We present you the top five stories from today’s edition of The Indian Express.
Godman Arrested
Ending the nearly two-week standoff between his supporters and security personnel, Sant Rampal was arrested from his Barwala ashram on Wednesday night. Here is report by Dipankar Ghose and Varinder Bhatia.   Police get Rampal, find 5 women and a child dead in his Hisar ashram
 
Lost in the fury
The real story that is unfolding three days after the brutal lynching of a 28-year- old man inside a hostel for medical students in Howrah is the tragic sight of his pregnant wife — and her four children playing on the street outside. Here is a detailed report by Arshad Ali  Lost in the fury of a lynching, the sorrow of a pregnant widow
 
New State Old Deaths
On the night of July 4, Korishala Ravi stepped out of his house that is right across a branch of the State Bank of Hyderabad in Kodakandla village of Medak district in Telangana. The 35-year-old farmer had applied for a loan to the branch three times but his plea was rejected each time, forcing him to turn to moneylenders. Few hours later, not too far away from the bank branch, he was found dead, his body hanging from a tree. Read detailed report by Sreenivas Janyala   In Telangana, caught between life and debt
 
Opinion
 
India seems relieved, having convinced the United States to advocate on its behalf at the WTO regarding the issues arising from its food security programmes, while food-exporting nations are rejoicing at New Delhi signing on the dotted line without insisting on a reduction of farm support in developed countries. Read more by Ajay Jakhar  Left over on the table
 
Talking Sports
The batsman is a shadow of his former self. At his best, he took you on a joyride, laughing while you held on to your seat. Read more by Harsha Bhogle  Missing Virender Sehwag
 

Scarlett Johansson would like to visit India on a longholidayA three month tour of India is on Scarlett Johansson's fantasy itinerary. The 29-year-old actress, in an interview to Marie Claire expressed a desire to visit India for a long holiday.
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: November 20, 2014 9:00 am
A three month tour of India is on Scarlett Johansson’s fantasy itinerary. The 29-year-old actress, in an interview to Marie Claire expressed a desire to visit India for a long holiday.
The ‘Vicki Cristina Barcelona’ star, who gave birth to her first child, Rose, six weeks ago, said her French fiance Romain Dauriac makes her laugh.
Asked what brings her the greatest joy, the ‘Her’ star said, “My family. And Key lime pie.”
Johansson, who was previously married to Ryan Reynolds,  would like to have dinner with Bono, David Bowie and the late actress Bette Davis.
The ‘Vicki Cristina Barcelona’ star said the best gift she’s ever received was from the movie’s director, Woody
Allen, who gave her his iconic glasses.

Yami Gautam  Pulkit Samrat in Divya KhoslasnextPrint
"I have locked my script and the star cast. I will start shooting my film from Dec 20 and it will be widely shot in Shimla. Yami Gautam and Pulkit Samrat will play the lead actors in my film, which is an intense love story," Divya told IANS.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 20, 2014 8:55 am
Actress-turned-director Divya Khosla Kumar has roped in Pulkit Samrat and Yami Gautam to play lead actors in her next film.
“I have locked my script and the star cast. I will start shooting my film from Dec 20 and it will be widely shot in Shimla. Yami Gautam and Pulkit Samrat will play the lead actors in my film, which is an intense love story,” Divya told IANS.
However, the “Yaariyan” director says she has not registered the title of the film yet.
There were reports that she had approached Shruti Haasan and Aditi Rao Hydari, who refused to do her film, but Divya says that is “not true”.
“I have never met Shruti Haasan in my life and neither approached her nor Aditi for any of my films. These reports are not true,” she said.

A-Z of travel in VietnamThe AO Show qualifies as ‘new circus’ art form that melds folk music and props with contemporary dance and technique
Written by Shiny Varghese | Posted: November 18, 2014 10:37 am | Updated: November 18, 2014 11:29 am
Vietnam lies on the map almost like a S-shaped dragon, living with its folklore and legends side-by-side with technology and contemporary nuances. Here’s a primer on its food, people and places.
AO Show
Translated phonetically as Ahhh! Ohhh! Show, this is Vietnam’s stamp of contemporary dance-theatre on the international stage. At the Saigon Opera House, Grease meets the Orient and together they dine with Cirque du Soleil. A blend of acrobatics and dance, Vietnamese performances float and fly across the stage with bamboo poles, baskets and disks, simulating a boat, sometimes a caterpillar, sometimes a bridge. Its creators hope to bring it to India in June next year. (www.aoshowsaigon.com)
Bridges
Da Nang in central Vietnam wears the badge of being a city of bridges. Among them is Cau Rong or the Dragon bridge. True to its name, it is both a dragon and a bridge. While it connects the Da Nang international airport to the rest of the port city, this sunshine yellow, dragon-shaped steel bridge spews fire and water at night. Stop by for the light show as the LED dragon comes to life, pausing one’s breath and eternally, the traffic on the road.
Champa
Not the flower, a dynasty. Between the 2nd and 15th centuries, the Champa dynasty reigned in central and south Vietnam. Its culture and society drew influences from India. The Chams were Shiva worshippers and Sanskrit was the official language. The Museum of Cham Sculptures in Da Nang cradles relics from the Cham civilisation including sculptures in sandstone, terracotta, and bronze; there are rare lingams, even a bronze Tara. One of Southeast Asia’s unique museums, sculptures of Shiva and Vishu show the gods dancing, sleeping even fighting. (www.chammuseum.danang.vn)
The Champa dynasty, who reigned in central and south Vietnam between the 2nd and 15th centuries, drew influences from India. The Chams were Shiva worshippers and Sanskrit was the official language.
Dong
Vietnam will make you a millionaire. Dong, its official currency, comes in notes of 500d, 1000d, 5000d, 10,000d, even 500,000d. So if you were to exchange 100 USD, be sure to come away with millions. A simple meal on the street could cost 1 USD or about 21,194 VND (Viet Nam Dong).
French
Vietnam saw a century of French rule and it’s no surprise that more than six decades after their exit, the French haven’t left the building, metaphorically speaking. Their design styles take pride of place in Hanoi (the capital) and Ho Chi Minh (HCM) city or Saigon. Be it the Opera continued…

Common antibacterial in soap may harm liverThe researchers found that triclosan disrupted liver integrity and compromised liver function in mouse models.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New York | Posted: November 18, 2014 12:47 pm
 
Long-term exposure to triclosan, found in soaps, shampoos, toothpastes and many other household items, may cause liver fibrosis and cancer, an alarming study suggests.
“Triclosan’s increasing detection in environmental samples and its increasingly broad use in consumer products may overcome its moderate benefit and present a very real risk of liver toxicity for people, as it does in mice,” said Robert Tukey, professor at University of California, San Diego School of Medicine.
The risk is particularly high when triclosan is combined with other compounds with similar action, Tukey noted.
The researchers found that triclosan disrupted liver integrity and compromised liver function in mouse models.
Mice exposed to triclosan for six months (roughly equivalent to 18 human years) were more susceptible to chemical-induced liver tumours. Their tumours were also larger and more frequent than in mice not exposed to triclosan.
The study suggests triclosan may do its damage by interfering with the constitutive androstane receptor, a protein responsible for detoxifying (clearing away) foreign chemicals in the body.
To compensate for this stress, liver cells proliferate and turn fibrotic over time. Repeated triclosan exposure and continued liver fibrosis eventually promote tumour formation.
Triclosan is perhaps the most ubiquitous consumer antibacterial. Studies have found traces in 97 percent of breast milk samples from lactating women and in the urine of nearly 75 percent of people tested.
The study appeared in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.

Shell India wins multi-million dollar tax disputetaxes and duties
The Bombay High Court does not agree with the I-T department and quashed its order
The Bombay High Court, on Tuesday, ruled in favour of the Indian unit of Royal Dutch Shell Plc in a multi-million dollar tax dispute, the latest verdict against the tax department, which has been vigorously pursing claims against foreign firms in India.
Shell had challenged the largest ever claim in a tax case related to transfer pricing.
A rash of high-value tax claims on foreign firms, including IBM Corp and Nokia Oyj, in the past year has sparked criticism that overly zealous tax authorities could undermine foreign investment in India.
In the Shell case, the tax office alleged in February last year that the company’s Indian unit under-priced shares transferred to the parent by about $2.5 billion, demanding tax on the interest the Anglo-Dutch oil company would have earned. It did not disclose the value of the claim. The tax sleuth had added Rs.15,000 crore and Rs.3,000 crore, respectively, to the taxable income of Shell India Markets Pvt. Ltd., the Indian subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell Plc, for 2007-08 and 2008-09 in two transfer pricing cases. The judgment comes in the wake of two similar transfer pricing cases, which were ruled in favour of the Indian subsidiary of Vodafone Group Plc, in which the I-T department had sought adjustments of over Rs.4,500 crore last month.
The order in favour of Shell India was passed on Tuesday by a bench of justices M. S. Sanklecha and S. C. Gupte on a petition filed by Shell India Markets.
The transfer pricing tax orders of the I-T department against Shell and Vodafone pertain to alleged undervaluation of shares issued by their domestic subsidiaries to the parent companies abroad.
Transfer pricing refers to the practice of arm’s length pricing for transactions between group companies based in different countries to ensure that a fair price — one that would have been charged to an unrelated party — is levied. Shell India had issued 870 million shares to Shell Gas BV in March, 2009, at Rs.10 a share. However, the I-T department contended that the shares were grossly undervalued, and it valued them at Rs.180 a share. The department then added the difference to the taxable income of Shell India.
In a separate development this year, the I-T department had issued a show-cause notice adding another Rs.3,100 crore to Shell India’s income for 2008-09 in another transfer pricing case.
Being aggrieved, the company moved the Bombay High Court, challenging the tax notice.
Funding a subsidiary by issuing shares is a common practice among multinational companies, which view this as a capital transaction and out of the transfer pricing bracket.
However, the tax department argues that such a deal is a transfer pricing arrangement by which the shares issued are undervalued and hence the company is liable to pay tax on the income generated out of it.
The high court did not agree with the department and quashed its order and show-cause notice against Shell India.
Welcoming the high court judgment, Shell India termed it as a ‘positive outcome’.
“We welcome the High Court decision. Shell has always maintained that equity infusion by a foreign parent company into an Indian subsidiary cannot be taxed as income. This is a positive outcome, which should provide a further boost to the government initiatives to improve the investment climate,” a Shell India spokesman said in an e-mail statement.
Commenting on the Shell case verdict, Mukesh Butani, Managing Partner at law firm BMR Legal, which represented the British oil major in the case said, “The HC decision is a significant development, and it follows the earlier judgment in the Vodafone case wherein it was ruled that in so far as transfer pricing principles are concerned the issuance of shares by an Indian company to its foreign parent is not eligible to transfer pricing provisions as there is no income arising there from.
“The High Court has held that the legal principle laid down by the Bombay HC applies in the Shell case and rejected the I-T department’s argument that the facts of the Shell case were distinguishable from the Vodafone case,” he said, adding that the decision was a welcome relief not just for Shell India but for all MNCs which are facing the adjustment on share issuance.

Gold recovers on wedding season demand; global cuesNew Delhi, November 18, 2014
Updated: November 18, 2014 15:52 IST
Gold recovers on wedding season demand; global cues
PTI
Gold prices recovered by Rs. 40 to Rs. 26,800 per ten gram at the bullion market in the national capital on Tuesday on scattered buying by jewellers and retailers to meet ongoing wedding season demand and a firming global trend.
Silver, however, remained under selling pressure and fell further by Rs. 685 to Rs. 35,815 per kg.
Traders said some buying from jewellers and retailers, driven by ongoing wedding season and a firming global trend where gold rose to over two-week high as a weakening dollar spurred demand for a safe-haven, mainly influenced the sentiment.
Gold in Singapore, which normally determine price trend on the domestic front, gained 0.6 per cent to $1,193.45 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity recovered by Rs. 40 each to Rs. 26,800 and Rs. 26,600 per ten gram respectively. It had lost Rs. 90 in Monday’s trade.
Sovereign, however, continued to be traded at the last level of Rs. 23,800 per piece of eight gram in limited deals.
On the other hand, silver ready fell by Rs. 685 to Rs. 35,815 per kg, while weekly-based delivery strengthened by Rs. 95 to Rs. 36,250 per kg on speculators’ buying.
Meanwhile, silver coins were unaltered at Rs. 60,000 for buying and Rs. 61,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Philae sniffs organic molecules on cometUpdated: November 19, 2014 09:31 IST
Philae ‘sniffs’ organic molecules on comet
Reuters
An image taken by Philae after it landed on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko. Photo: Reuters/ESA/Rosetta/Philae/CIVA
TOPICS
space programme
Scientists confirmed that the European comet lander Philae had 'sniffed' organic molecules on 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko containing carbon elements, a basis of life on Earth, before its primary battery ran out and it shut down.
Philae landed on the comet after a 10-year journey through space aboard the Rosetta spacecraft on a mission to unlock details about how planets and maybe even how life evolved.
It wrapped up its 57-hour mission on the comet's surface on Saturday after radioing back data from a series of experiments as its battery ran out.
The Cometary Sampling and Composition (COSAC) gas analysing instrument on Philae was able to 'sniff' the atmosphere and detect the first organic molecules after landing, the DLR German Aerospace Center said.
The lander also drilled into the comet's surface in its hunt for organic molecules, although it is unclear as yet whether Philae managed to deliver a sample to COSAC for analysis.
Also onboard the lander was the Multi purpose Sensors for Surface and Subsurface Science (MUPUS) tool to measure the density and thermal and mechanical properties of the comet's surface. It showed the comet's surface was not as soft as previously believed.
A thermal sensor was supposed to be hammered around 40 cm into the surface but this did not occur, despite the hammer setting being cranked up to its highest level.
The DLR reckons that after passing through a 10-20 cm thick layer of dust, the sensor hit a layer of material estimated to be as hard as ice.
"It's a surprise. We didn't expect such hard ice on the ground," Tilman Spohn, who leads the MUPUS team at the DLR, said in a statement on Tuesday.
Dr. Spohn said MUPUS could be used again if enough sunlight gets through to reload Philae's batteries, which the scientists hope may happen as the comet approaches the sun.

Shootout at Banjara Hills: Pharma company top boss targeted19 days ago, ET NOW
Auro staff shot at in Hyd
More on ET NOW:
ET NOW - 5 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Rupee falls to 8.5-mth low on dollar demandFOREX UPDATE: Rupee falls to over 8.5-mth low on dollar demand
Gaurav Pai        Last Updated: November 19, 2014  | 21:24 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Indian rupee extended its losses for the fifth session in a row and ended at 8-1/2-month low of 61.96 against the Greenback on Wednesday following sustained dollar demand from oil importers and weakness in local stock market.
Slowdown in inflows also weighed on rupee that ended 22 paise lower while the dollar index was trading almost stable against its six major global rivals ahead of the release of the minutes of a key US Federal Reserve meeting.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local currency commenced lower at 61.80 a dollar from previous close of 61.74 and immediately touched a high of 61.7850.
However, dollar demand pulled down the rupee as it fell back sharply to a low of 61.9950. It settled at 8-1/2-month low of 61.96, logging a drop of 22 paise or 0.36 per cent. This was its weakest closing since finishing at 62.04 on March 3, 2014. It had also logged intra-day low of 62.15 on March 4, 2014. Crude oil prices had fallen in the initial half of the day and prompted oil companies to speed up their greenback purchases also hurt sentiments.
Furthermore, a fall in local stocks triggered concerns of foreign fund outflows that also weighed on rupee, said Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex India. The rupee has weakened by 45 paise in five straight days.
In the stock market, the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex tumbled by 130.44 points, or 0.46 per cent, after touching intra-day all-time peak of 28,294.01. FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth $2.44 million on Tuesday, as per Sebi data.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group, said: Trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 61.60 to 62.40.

The Syntel way of tackling the hiring challenge in IT sectorThe Syntel way of tackling the hiring challenge in IT sector
Amrita Nair-Ghaswalla
Tweet
Mumbai, November 19:  
In the IT industry, a major human resource challenge is recruitment. Faced with the growing number of IT colleges, campus recruitments at top B-schools, and the large number of engineers churned out each year, it continues to be a struggle to select the creme-de-la creme.
Rajesh Save, Global Head, Human Resources, Syntel Inc, is of the opinion that the industry needs to shift from traditional hiring policies to a proactive recruitment channel to acquire better talent, skilled recruits and trendsetting entrepreneurs.
“In the past years, corporate entities have visited up to 30 per cent of all colleges for recruitment, but 70 per cent have been untouched. Syntel developed a novel approach, called Syntellect, to recruit the country’s finest candidates by reaching out to all AICTE approved colleges,” he said.
The All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) functions under the Department of Higher Education, Ministry of Human Resource Development. Syntellect allows students to apply, get evaluated and subsequently get selected online.
“This has opened a window of opportunity, giving every engineer a fair chance to succeed irrespective of his institute ratings,” Save told BusinessLine.
Nasdaq-listed Syntel is a global provider of IT and KPO solutions. With a global headcount of 24,122 as on June 30, the company was the first to initiate a corporate recruitment drive to reach out to all eligible candidates from more than 2,800 engineering colleges. Following an online evaluation to screen the candidates, the first national level selection was conducted by the company.
High attrition
Speaking about the importance of monetary compensation and benefits to retain employees in the IT sector, Save said, “Employees need to continuously enhance their skills to stay relevant, and while compensation and benefits may be an attraction, learning and development is definitely a retention tool for employees today.”
Save pointed out that as a business facilitating function, HR needs to shape its initiatives to stay relevant. “HR initiatives should focus on three key elements that collectively ensure employee engagement and business sustenance: skill enhancement, employee wellness and equal opportunity,” he said, adding that with emerging geographies for business, corporates would do well to change their “traditional pedagogical training methodologies”.
Syntel has initiated an online training programme on the web and mobile devices, to build “an anytime, anywhere learning platform for employees. An example of this is the ‘Lab on Cloud’, a hands-on session in a virtual classroom. We also use ‘bridge capsules’ to ensure that employees stay relevant with their skills and do not suffer from skill obsolescence syndrome.”
Along with its centre in Mumbai, Syntel has a 77-acre campus in Pune, and a 29-acre campus in Chennai. The company has begun constructing its third SEZ campus in Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu.
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

India to have 2nd largest internet base by yr-end. Is India Inc ready to capitaliseSilver Member
9 Followers
Speed is the problem here.  Japan has fastest and least expensive internet to boost their production and exports.  Can we do something similar here?
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
1.02 PM Nov 20th

Re-allocation of 74 coal blocks to begin Feb 11Current account deficit rises to 2.1 pct in Q2 as gold imports soar
Among the 204 captive coal blocks cancelled by the Supreme Court, re-allocation of the first lot of 74 will be complete by March 15 next year, coal secretary Anil Swarup said on Wednesday. A clutch blocks to be identified among the 74 will be made available to the companies with specified end-use plants like power, steel and cement, including those in the private sector, through an e-auction process that will commence on February 11. The remaining will be allotted to the central and state PSUs sans auction, the official added.
He said the number of blocks a company can bid for will be capped to avoid creation of monopolies, adding that the auction methodology would ensure that power tariffs don’t rise due to the re-allocation process. End-users, he said, could get coal blocks consistent with their needs and not more.
The companies that currently hold the coal blocks being re-allocated will also be eligible to vie for the blocks but they will have to undertake to pay the court-imposed penalties (additional levy).
For coal mined prior to the SC order, that is up to September 24, the additional levy will have to be paid by December 31, 2014, and for the coal extracted from September 24 to March 31, 2015 (when the cancellation will take effect), the levy will have to be paid by June 30, 2015.”We are yet to arrive at a final decision on the valuation methodology for the auction but the aim will be to ensure that power tariffs do not increase,” Swarup said in a press conference. He said revenue maximisation was not an objective of the auction.
FE had reported earlier that the the valuation for the coal mines is likely to be different for deregulated sectors — steel, sponge iron and cement — and regulated sectors like power projects awarded through case 1 bidding.
The mines classified under Schedule II (42 operational mines) in the Ordinance issued by president will be available for those end-users who have made an expenditure of 80% of the total project cost. For Schedule III mines (32 near-operational mines), only the end-users who have made investment of 60% of the total project cost can bid for the coal blocks. “Apart from the 74 blocks, we may also include a few blocks from schedule I (204 cancelled blocks) depending on the preparedness of a coal block,” Swarup said.
As per the draft rules, the e-auction of coal blocks will involve a two-stage tender process of technical and financial bids. The details regarding valuation and mines available for auction will be finalised before December 22, the likely date for issuing the request for proposal (RFP).
Although the companies that currently hold the coal blocks being re-allocated won’t have the right of first refusal (ROFR), the process will involve a lot of operational leeway for them to offset the absence of the ROFR. The winners of the 74 blocks will be allowed to swap the coal produced from the blocks among themselves, provided their end-uses are the same. Also, firms with multiple end-use plants in the same category, for instance, a company with two power plants in two different locations, can divert coal to the plant not associated with the block. Such diversion for a different end use will not be permitted.
Sources told FE companies that would now get the captive coal blocks by bidding for them will have to pay 10% of the respective blocks’ “intrinsic value”, or floor price, immediately after they win the bids. The successful bidder will then pay the intrinsic value minus the upfront payment in annualised instalments on a R/tonne basis, the sources added. The state-sector companies and case 2 power projects that will be allocated the blocks will have to pay reserve prices for the respective blocks to be determined.
TAGS: Coal Allocation Coal Block Allocation
More from economy

Relief as impasse between players and WICB endsMore
14 players sign by deadline for West Indies tour
The WICB said Darren Bravo was the only player among those selected who asked not to be considered for the series, due to personal reasons.
Associated Press –  Wed 19 Nov, 2014 5:33 AM IST
Tweet
0
ST. JOHN'S, Antigua (AP) — A month after a pay dispute controversially derailed its tour to India, the West Indies Cricket Board has confirmed that 14 top-flight players have signed contracts committing them to a three-test series in South Africa.
The Board of Control for Cricket in India, the most powerful stakeholder in the game, suspended bilateral ties with the West Indies last month and threatened to claim millions in compensation after the Caribbean players quit the tour.
There was initially concern about the South Africa tour going ahead next month, but West Indies management took the first step last week by selecting a 15-man squad and giving players a week to sign and return the tour contracts.
The WICB on Tuesday said Darren Bravo was the only player among those selected who asked not to be considered for the series, due to personal reasons. He is yet to be replaced in the squad.
West Indies chief selector Clive Lloyd last week announced Denesh Ramdin was retained as captain and star batsman Chris Gayle was included in the squad for the test series starting December 17. The tests will be followed by three Twenty20 matches and five limited-overs internationals. The World Cup starts February in Australia and New Zealand.
"Of course at all times the selection panel aims to select the best and strongest team available," he said at the time.
The decision to quit the tour plunged West Indies cricket into turmoil just a few months out from the World Cup and was widely criticized by the game's administrators.
The International Cricket Council described the West Indies' withdrawal from the India tour as "damaging and unacceptable" and indicated that similar actions in future would jeopardize players' participation in lucrative domestic tournaments like the Indian Premier League.
West Indies test squad: Denesh Ramdin (captain), Sulieman Benn, Jermaine Blackwood, Kraigg Braithwaite, Shivnarine Chanderpaul, Sheldon Cottrell, Shannon Gabriel, Chris Gayle , Jason Holder, Leon Johnson, Kemar Roach, Marlon Samuels, Jerome Taylor, Chadwick Walton. One to be added.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

$11 billion e-business is big biz for VC fundsDelhi cab rape case: What Uber, others say and what they deliver
The nascent but rapidly growing $11-billion domestic e-commerce market continues to draw big-ticket investments. On Wednesday, Delhi-based restaurant discovery service Zomato.com announced raising $60 million at a post-money valuation of $660 million. This round of funding led by Info Edge and Vy Capital, along with existing investor Sequoia, will help Zomato accelerate its global expansion plans and new product development.
Zomato attracting the fresh round of funding follows Japan’s telecom and media major SoftBank late last month pumping in a cumulative
$840 million into Snapdeal and Ola. The total investment in e-commerce firms has already crossed the $3-billion mark in the first 10 months of the year, which is nearly a fivefold jump from 2013.
The e-commerce market in India is projected to reach around $20 billion by 2015, largely fuelled by the growth of internet users and penetration of smartphones along with measures like e-tailers offering consumers the facility of cash on delivery in a country where the usage of credit cards is still not widespread.
What hearten those bullish on e-commerce is the projection by IAMAI and IMRB International on Wednesday that the number of internet users in the country is expected to grow 32% to 302 million this year from 213 million at the end of December last year.
TAGS: Ola Cabs Snapdeal Zomato
More from companies

Award-winning film Sold  the story of child trafficking  screens in NepalBy: Press Trust of India | Kathmandu | Posted: November 20, 2014 9:49 am
Multi-award winning Hollywood film ‘Sold’, based on the story of child trafficking in Nepal, was screened in Kathmandu in the presence of ministers, senior diplomats, government officials, artists and social activists.
The screening was attended by starcast including Seems Biswas (Bandit Queen) and Sushmita Mukharjee ( Khalnayak, Dostana) along with Oscar-winning director Jeffrey D Brown and Producer Jane Charles.
Nepalese Communication Minister Mrigendra Rijal, Commerce Minister Sunil Thapa and US Ambassador to Nepal Peter W Bode were among the dignitaries who were present on the occasion of the special screening.
Child rights organization Childreach Nepal launched the Taught Not Trafficked campaign to prevent child trafficking in Nepal through education on November 18, 2014.
Every year as many as 10,000 to 20,000 children are estimated to be trafficked out of Nepal, mainly to India. Most trafficked children are girls aged between twelve and eighteen, who are sold to work as human slaves primarily in the sex industry in India and within indentured labour in countries as far away as the Gulf, according to a press release issued on the occasion.
‘Sold’, starring Gillian Anderson, tells the story of Laxmi, a 13 year old Nepali girl sold to a brothel in Kolkata,
India. An extraordinary tale of survival, the film is directed by Oscar winner Jeffrey D Brown and based on the bestselling novel of the same name by Patricia McCormick.
The film throws a light on the fate that many girls face after being trafficked from Nepal under false promises of employment.
“I wanted to create a film that could foster change and serve as a vehicle to raise funds for children that would make a substantial difference in their lives. Working closely with Childreach Nepal during the production of the film, it became clear that education was the key to making a real difference, so we jumped at the chance to help with the Taught Not Trafficked campaign to keep Nepali children in school,” remarked Jeffery.

Pakistan apprehends 54 fishermen of Gujarat  nine boats seizedPrint
Written by Ujjwala Nayudu | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 20, 2014 9:48 am
Barely hours after the Pakistani boat was intercepted by the BSF at Sir Creek on Gujarat- Pakistan border, nine boats of Indian fishermen from Gujarat were intercepted by Pakistan Maritime Security Agency.
The boats had set off from Saurashtra and were intercepted off Jakhau coast in Arabian Sea. At least 54 fishermen were on board in the nine boats.
According to sources, the Pakistani Maritime Security Agency has claimed that the Indian fishermen had entered into Pakistan territorial waters.
The sources in Indian Coast Guard however added that the apprehension was close to the direction of Jakhau and they suspect that fishermen who were on board since last two days had not entered Pakistani waters. The officials stated that the fishermen have been apprehended from Indian territory.
The officials in Gujarat have alerted the Centre about the apprehension.
The officials added that the agencies working for the coastal security including the marine police and agencies at the Centre will discuss the apprehension to find out more on the route of the fishermen and the related developments.
The PMSA had apprehended 55 fishermen of Gujarat in October this year and captured eight of their boats. The boats that had left from Okha and Porbandar were apprehended off Jakhau coast. Similarly, 27 fishermen were apprehended by PMSA in September for allegedly venturing into Pakistan territorial waters.

Tom Hardy to star in FX adventure series TabooTitled 'Taboo', the series is set in 1813 and follows James Keziah Delaney (Hardy), a rogue adventurer who returns from Africa with 14 ill-gotten diamonds to seek vengeance after the death of his father. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: November 20, 2014 9:45 am
‘The Dark Knight Rises’ star Tom Hardy has been roped in to star in a new FX drama. Titled ‘Taboo’, the series is set in 1813 and follows James Keziah Delaney (Hardy), a rogue adventurer who returns  from Africa with 14 ill-gotten diamonds to seek vengeance after the death of his father.
Refusing to sell the family business to the East India Company, he sets out to build his own trade and shipping empire and finds himself playing a very dangerous game.
The project was created by Hardy and his father, Chips Hardy.  ‘Taboo’ is executive produced by Ridley Scott (Blade Runner), among others, and written by Steven Knight (Dirty Pretty Things).
“FX is the perfect partner to engage with this dark, fantastic world that Tom and Steven have created,” Scott said.
‘Taboo’ will have an eight episode first season that’s tentatively slated to premiere in 2016.

Did Anna Wintour call Kim-Kanye not tastefulAnna Wintour has implied that Kim Kardashian may not be "deeply tasteful" but she opted to feature her with husband Kanye West on Vogue to shake things up. (Source: Instagram by Kim Kardashian)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: November 20, 2014 9:38 am
Anna Wintour has implied that Kim Kardashian may not be “deeply tasteful” but she opted to feature her with husband Kanye West on Vogue to shake things up. (Read: Kim Kardashian to be paid a whopping Rs 5 crore for Bigg Boss?)
The cover was criticied by magazine loyalists but sold many copies. Speaking at The Museum of Metropolitan Art, Wintour said her decision to feature Madonna long time back had caused similar controversy. (Read: Kim to enter Bigg Boss )
“I think if we just remain deeply tasteful and just put deeply tasteful people on the cover, it would be a rather
boring magazine,” Wintour said, according to Fashionista.
“Nobody would talk about us. It’s very important that people do talk about us… Now and again one has to do things like that. I think it’s part of the excitement and part of being a journalist. I hope another Kim Kardashian comes along this year!,” Wintour said.

George Clooneys representative denies adoption reportGeorge Clooney and Amal Alamuddin are not planning to adopt a child despite reports claiming otherwise.
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: November 20, 2014 9:24 am
George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin are not planning to adopt a child despite reports claiming otherwise.
A representative for the “Gravity” star dismissed stories that he and his wife were looking to adopt an orphan, saying the story was “100 percent fabricated”, reported Ace Showbiz.
The 53-year-old actor and the British human rights lawyer tied the knot in front of family and friends in Venice, Italy in September. In late October, the pair had another wedding celebration in England.

Male actors earn ten times more than females: Hilary SwankBy: Press Trust of India | London | Posted: November 20, 2014 9:22 am
Actress Hilary Swank says male actors
earn ten times more than their female colleagues.
(Source: Reuters)
Actress Hilary Swank says male actors earn ten times more than their female colleagues.
The ‘Boys Don’t Cry’ actress attacked the disparity in Hollywood pay at the Loyola Marymount University School of Film and TV, reported Digital Spy.
“My male counterpart will get paid ten times more than me – ten times. Not double, but ten times for the same job. We only have this much left for the female actress.
“I mean, there’s two genders on this earth. Both are compelling, interesting, diverse, wonderful in all their own
separate ways. And yet there’s an influx of male roles and there’s just not for women,” she said.
Swank was last seen in ‘The Homesman’ with Tommy Lee Jones.

Rare and vintage photos of Indira GandhiCrime
Rare and vintage photos of Indira Gandhi
Born on November 19, 1917 in Allahabad to Jawaharlal and Kamala Nehru, Indira Gandhi who ruled India as the nation’s prime minister with an iron fist for 16 years was well known among her contemporaries for her political ruthlessness, strong, decisive leadership and a desire for centralised power.
After her father and then prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru's death in 1964, Indira joined the Cabinet headed by Lal Bahadur Shastri.
She went on to become the country’s first and only woman prime minister in 1966 after the demise of Shastri. She faced many challenges in her political career from both within the party and outside. She is credited with nationalisation of banks, abolition of princely privy purses,  and providing a strong leadership during the 1971 war with Pakistan that led to the creation of Bangladesh. However, her decision to impose internal emergency in 1975 following a court verdict unseating her drew widespread criticism.
In 1977, the Indira Gandhi led government lost the Lok Sabha elections to a coalition led by Janata Party, comprising nearly all of her opponents. After the crushing defeat in 1977, the Morarji Desai led Janata Party who replaced her, humiliated the family with arrests and investigations. But that caused a backlash of sympathy among the public that helped propel her back to power with a landslide majority three years later.
On October 31, 1984, Indira Gandhi was assassination by two of her Sikh guards — Satwant Singh and Beant Singh — to ‘avenge’ Operation Blue Star ordered by her to flush out Khalistani terrorists from the Sikh holy shrine, Golden Temple, in Amritsar. Over 3,000 people, mostly Sikhs, were killed in the riots in Delhi following her assassination.
Jawaharlal Nehru (1869 - 1964), President of the Indian Congress, with his daughter future Indian prime minister, Indira Nehru (Indira Priyardarshini Nehru, 1917 - 1984) in Bombay. (Photo by ... more 
Jawaharlal Nehru (1869 - 1964), President of the Indian Congress, with his daughter future Indian prime minister, Indira Nehru (Indira Priyardarshini Nehru, 1917 - 1984) in Bombay. (Photo by Keystone/Getty Images) less 
1 / 16
Getty Images | Photo by Getty Images
Wed 19 Nov, 2014 2:30 PM IST

Yen hits fresh lows on BoJ easing speculationThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Markets open flat on Thursday morningThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Asian Shares Shrug Off Weak China PMI DataThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Stake sale in state-run banks an option to infuse capitalThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Vibrant Gujarat eyes Rs 12 lakh cr investmentsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

IL&FS Engineering gains on new order winThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

New F&O entrants surgeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Trade body asks members to curb sale of goldThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Silver Standard Files NI 43-101 Technical Report on the Marigold MineThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

30 minute chart  rsi showing strongest buy william strong...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

3000 yesterday................23 Followers
Reposted about 18 days 11 hrs 49 min 7 sec ago by bullguru2700
If there are so many desperate guys around here wanting to buy it below some number , then that itself will act as a great support and lift the stock, even traditionally IT stocks see the valuation rise increase mostly from Nov to mid Jan

I have all said post titan result it looks abd may touch rs 340 befor...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

No you have to buy shares at issue price........this is also d first t...New Member
1 Followers
i did not buy right issue i have 1200 shares @ 120 rs bought in sept. will i get any extra shares for the rights issue offered by the co ?
In reply to : sou85 message
9.56 AM Nov 20th

Mark DArcys Creative ShowcaseTweet
Mark D'Arcy
As Chief Creative Officer, Facebook Creative Shop, D’Arcy leads a team of creative strategists in 18 cities around the world and is tasked with creating and building ideas that transform how the world's largest and most innovative marketers use Facebook to drive business growth.
Prior to joining Facebook in 2011, Mark spent seven years at Time Warner in New York, as Chief Creative Officer of its Global Media Group where he co-developed the first creative media arts practice within a global media company designed to better leverage the company’s extensive television, film, print and digital assets for its key marketing partners. In 2009, Mark was also named President of the Group and Senior Vice President of Time Warner.
Click here to read Mark D’Arcy’s Creative Showcase (PDF)
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)

Mexicans call for reforms after IgualaMexicans have had enough as Iguala galvanises opinions
John-Paul Rathbone, Latin America editor
Calls grow for Enrique Peña Nieto to show clarity of purpose and speed-up police reforms
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/986a2f18-6998-11e4-9f65-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Consumer to conned-sumerTweet
REUTERS Crash crunch SIAM’s quick defence of its member companies is an example of the callous attitude of India Inc towards its customers. (Above) A car is frontal-crashing during a test at the laboratory of the German motor club ADAC.
Compliance, even if it does not make the cut globally, seems to be a cheaper substitute for concern. Does India Inc take customers for granted?
Last week saw the unseemly defence by SIAM (Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers) of two of their member organisations against the adverse crash test results pronounced by the NCAP (New Car Assessment Program). They wasted no time retorting that both the vehicles in question did meet Indian safety standards.
I am not an expert on automobile safety and therefore what an Indian safety standard (as distinct from the standard applied for the NCAP crash tests) implies for the protection of the passenger. But the alacrity of the defence by SIAM seemed to suggest that some kind of compliance, even if it does not pass muster in other countries, is a cheaper substitute for concern. The central issue is the prevailing apathy towards customers in India. I find it ironic, because at some level all of us are interchangeably customers and sellers. Most of us (very often) find ourselves at the receiving end of callous customer attitudes. The Director General of SIAM is reported to have said, “Global NCAP can do what they want. We have our own safety standards road map which we are going to follow...”
Sample this: I have been trying for close to a year to get my airtime company (the biggest we have) to install a booster in our office. Because all of us on this particular network have to literally hang out of the balcony to get any signal. After several rounds of following up and pleading, their final reply was that there weren’t enough users of their network to justify a booster. I think they must know how difficult it is to shift to a new network.
But why is this important to anyone? Is there really a business case for much better customer empathy?
Sometime last year I had spoken about ‘return on customer experience’ as the more relevant expansion of the term ROCE.
‘Return on capital employed’ was an accounting ratio conceived for the Industrial Age.
Today with the ever-increasing share of services in GDP, capital employed as a denominator hardly offers an insight into the health of a business. The IT business makes a mockery of this ratio. It needs very little capital employed. Businesses like hospitality no longer need to own real estate. There must be a new denominator.
If we consider the NPS (net promoter score) logic or the new book Absolute Value (Profs Simonson and Rosen of Stanford), there is mounting global evidence of customer experience as the underlying basis for the long-term financial health of any business.
This is not strange for two reasons. First, in a wired world, customer experience is the new brand equity and therefore your demand driver. (Read online some of the reactions that the SIAM defence generated.) Second, we know that most of the intrinsic value (almost three-fourths) of a 21st century business lies outside the balance sheet.
And the significant chunk of that is in customer equity or what we call brand value.
Why would you want to ignore or worse, as in the case of SIAM, trivialise critical customer needs?
Ramesh Jude Thomas is the President & Chief Learning Officer at EQUITOR, a brand value advisory
(This article was published on November 13, 2014)
Related

Agencies will not drive the digital changeMeeting of minds Gaston Legorburu, Worldwide CCO, Sapient Nitro, and KV ‘Pops’ Sridhar, Chief Creative Officer, Sapient Nitro KYOORIUS DESIGNYATRA 20
There is no motivation or incentive, yet, to fight for the digital space
A few months ago, KV Sridhar, better known as ‘Pops’ in the advertising business, joined Sapient Nitro, a digital specialist firm that calls itself as an agency for an always-on world, as its chief creative officer (CCO) for India. When the Worldwide CCO of Sapient Nitro, Gaston Legorburu, who’s also co-author of the bestseller, “Storyscaping — stop creating ads, start creating worlds” came down to India recently, cat.a.lyst paired them up for a quick chat. The result is cat.a.lyst conversations.
Pops: Recently the Indian PM said he wants all Indians to have digital access and the medium will help them get access to everything from medicine to finance. Does it give agencies like yours a positive signal about India and so are you increasing your presence here?
The digital opportunity in India is huge. It is much bigger than people can see. It has to do with the numbers. When you think of billions of people and think of the complexity of the market, the cultures, the dialects and all of that, mass media is the easy answer. So much so that it eclipses the digital opportunity. If you look at the total digital penetration in North America it’s almost everyone you want to tell anything to. The Indian opportunity can become almost the same. There are marketers who have looked at the size of that marketing opportunity in the US. But they do not see a similar opportunity in India. They cannot see the forest for the trees because of the huge numbers.
But when you further deconstruct that and look at the online population in India, it’s younger, more affluent, their income is growing faster and they are more tech-savvy. They are the super-heroes among consumers. They have greater ambition in where they travel, they are shopping for luxury. If you are selling soap then out-of-home advertising (OOH) and TV is probably the right idea. But if you are selling a luxury car, vacations or financing homes, the digital opportunity is amazing.
The other thing you have to look at is, are the agencies going to drive that opportunity, or will it be the clients. That answer is complex as well. I don’t think the agencies will drive the change. For all the big agency names that have a presence in India, and the large Indian-born agencies, most of the opportunity is in traditional media. They have no motivation, or incentive, to fight the fight of digital.
Then, you look at the digital shops and there are a million around. They are mostly looking at the blocking and tackling of the below-the-line marketing that does not necessarily get the attention of mainstream media. You don’t have the voice. So it has to sit at the CMO or someone at the client’s end who drives the change by seeing the opportunity. This is something that’s not unique to India and that’s the way it’s developed in Europe or America.
We are often told that creative people think out of the box and break barriers. But in terms of their process and workflow they are not open to change. If you change the process in an agency, everybody gets crazy. I think the change is going to come from clients.
Once, marketing and technology seemed like an oxymoron. Now they have come together. Do you think the way CMOs looked at technology is undergoing a drastic shift?
Without a doubt. Marketing is the engine that drives business. But it is not about technology. The CMO’s sphere of influence in terms of what they are responsible for is growing. I cannot just be in charge of what the company sells. I have to be in charge of what the company does or does not. Because of the transparency, you cannot be the CMO of a company and not deal with making crappy products. The CMO has to think about not just what the company says, but also about how the company behaves. Once that realisation sinks in, then you run into the wall of technology.
Ideas are not worth much unless you can do something about them. Today you cannot do much with ideas unless you have some grasp, understanding or control over technology. It starts at that level and yes, it’s not their core competency. People are people. There is a lot of insecurity.
So the CMO who has been in control suddenly feels powerless, the last thing they want anyone to know is they feel powerless. They fight change as opposed to the ones who jump deep into it and embrace it. And it’s usually the second or third generation of CMOs who starts making those changes and starts putting pressure on the agency to start making those changes and the agency ends up doing that.
I feel like the catalyst for change will come from business, because the problems are the obvious ones. But the stuff that is happening around the world is not a mystery. You cannot dismiss digital in India. It will certainly come around.
(This article was published on November 13, 2014)
Related

The digital revolution beckonsTweet
And no business or marketer can afford to not embrace it
The churning out of ever more powerful information and communication devices, programmes and their rapid spread into all aspects of our life, by modern technology, has created a digital marketing revolution. This revolution, which has at present reached a peak, has drawn into it businesses, markets, consumers and created a new dynamic environment that is fluid and characterised by a blurring of distinctions between the players. This phenomenon has become so pre-eminent that no business or marketer can afford to not embrace it. The industry expectations are that digital marketing would exceed $200 billion by 2018 with an annual growth rate of 21 per cent since 2012. Mahajan, V and Wind, J (2002) once quoted “Digital Revolution has shaken marketing to its core”.
For businesses and marketers, digital technology has not only opened new mediums to sell their products, but also to offer personalised or custom-made solutions. Various analytical tools are now available to understand user behaviour across all online platforms be it social media, web or mobile. A brand needs to be on whichever channel their consumers are on. Such information can help increase customer experience and effectively target advertising campaigns. The more you know about your users, the better are your chances of them engaging with you. Digital media has made possible personalised communication and tailor made offers.
Consumer as master
Yet it has also empowered the customer in revolutionary ways. Customers are exposed to high-quality information. Digital technology has made the consumer the master which forced corporations to offer products that are competitive in prices, quality, value and functionality. Digital media has empowered consumers with the ability to gather information unlike the old days when they would only have access to information that you would want them to know. Consumers are now exposed not just to what a company says about its product but also to what the online community is saying. They like to associate with brands that can understand them.
Oddly enough it was the recent global economic recession that catalysed the change. During an economic slowdown, it is common for any organisation to trim its marketing budget. According to industry researchers Veronis Suhler Stevenson, the last crisis saw budget cuts of at least 9 per cent which resulted in advertising spend taking a 27 per cent dive over two years. Yet even in a sluggish market no business can afford to diminish its presence in the customer’s mind, except at the risk of losing market share later on. This meant that corporations insisted that their marketing go further online and get more bang for the buck thereby forcing many marketing operations to embrace the digital marketing revolution.
One particular reason why businesses pay more attention to digital marketing is that it is in many ways a great equaliser. In other words it provides a level playing field for companies regardless of their size. A solid digital marketing strategy can help small companies achieve the same visibility as that of its bigger competitor whereas in traditional marketing, a small company would struggle. Unlike traditional marketing, digital marketing helps in analysing the performance of a campaign in real time.
Analytics help marketers to optimise the campaign for improved results. Digital marketing also gives businesses much greater exposure than traditional marketing, even within a single campaign if need be.
Going viral
Another reason why companies and marketers cannot afford to ignore digital marketing is the speed at which interesting content can spread. Going viral is a phenomenon that traditional marketing cannot create. Online media can act as an aggregator for viral content and help in getting a brand visible across a much wider spectrum. The recent viral phenomenon of Ice Bucket Challenge reached far ends of the internet world. A challenge that began in Massachusetts to increase awareness of Lou Gehrig’s disease or Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) helped several not-for-profit foundations. They saw a substantial increase in donations from across the world owing to the challenge’s virality. However, bad news can also be circulated just as fast, so organisations need to keep a watch.
Digital marketing is a win-win for both producers of content and marketers. Any website can generate income if an advertisement column is provided. As traffic increases, income increases. For example, an independent author, or blogger as you would be titled on the internet, can generate income if he/she provides an advertisement column which is outsourced to an online advertising agency like Google Ads.
To make true leverage on the digital marketing revolution, however, businesses and marketers must go beyond adopting a selective method approach, to embracing the phenomenon in its entirety including the transformational changes that have taken place. With the advent of Web 2.0, consumers have turned into “prosumers”, a word derived by effectively merging “producers” and “consumers”. In the past, although there was the internet, communication was still one way.
There was a set of “consumers”, simply users, who were restricted to only seeking information from the Internet that were made available by the “producers”. Today, the Internet is filled with “User Generated Content” (UGC) that paved way to the era of “produsage”; producers and usage. The portmanteau word Produsage simply refers to any kind of user-led content development that takes place anywhere in the digital media. The concept of produsage erased the boundaries between active production and passive consumption.
This meant that, whether you are aware or not, every time you “like” something on Facebook, “comment” on YouTube or “retweet” on Twitter, you shift from a mere user into a producer because you just created some content. Content that is seen by people around the world and the fact that you just interacted with it has added a value to it.
Mass media exploited this situation by creating “citizen journalists”. Multinational news media organisations such as BBC, CNN and Fox News created exclusive platforms that encouraged citizens to actively produce user-generated news. In 2006, Time magazine’s person of the year was “You”, acknowledging every single person who contributed towards user-generated media. Consumers today have the power to initiate a remote production process by the click of a button, which is what happens when you order a laptop online according to your specifications.
When users gained power of content creation in the internet, analytical tools were developed to analyse the traffic, and the online interaction amongst users and the content. This traffic provides information on the user demography and helps corporations in making decisions on their target market.
If you are seeing an advertisement on shoes on your Facebook feeds, chances are it is because you recently commented or posted a status on shoes. The more traffic your website creates, advertisements begin to increase.
In spite of all the benefits of digital marketing, it is unlikely that digital marketing will ever completely marginalise traditional marketing.
Traditional marketing may remain superior to digital for the sole reason that it provides a “feel good factor”. As an employee or a consumer, I feel good when I see an outdoor/print advertisement of a brand I am involved with because “I can see people seeing it”. Digital marketing could get you much wider visibility, your advertisements are accurate to the target market and you can increase sales which are unlikely with outdoor print marketing but “you can seldom see people viewing it”.
Jones George is Manager – Digital Marketing, Geojit BNP Paribas. The views expressed in this article are personal
(This article was published on November 13, 2014)
Related

The many challenges of tuning up your carThe many challenges of tuning up your car
Sravanthi Challapalli
The Hindu At your service Auto makers have their work cut out for them
There are several, as are your expectations, but a JD Powers study shows service is improving
MKL Neni, a Chennai-based academic, is not unhappy with the service his car dealer provides. He acknowledges service has improved vastly compared to a few years ago. What he resents is getting calls from the service advisor and the sales representative even before the vehicle gets home, asking him to rate their service as ‘excellent’.
A customer would probably not rate the service higher than it deserved, but for Mohit Arora, Executive Director, JD Power Asia Pacific, this attempt to sway the customer is a good sign. “I see it as positive that the frontline staff feels the need to provide a good experience.” The research firm recently released the 2014 India Customer Service Index (CSI) Study – Mass Market.
This study measures satisfaction among vehicle owners who visit an authorised dealership service centre for maintenance or repairs in the first two years of owning a vehicle. It measures overall satisfaction in service quality, vehicle pick-up, service advisor, service pick-up and service initiation.
Arora says India has come a long way. The attitude has evolved into one of “how can I bring the service centre home?”, not something we see in other markets, says Arora.
Satisfaction with service overall has improved by 22 points to 856 on a 1,000-point scale over 2013, as it has across each parameter. Waiting time is being whittled down. Seventy-four per cent of customers (70 per cent in 2013) are making appointments rather than dropping in. Seventy-five per cent say their vehicle was taken in for service within 15 minutes of their arrival at the service centre (68 per cent in 2013). Dealers are getting proactive promoting their express maintenance/service options. More customers were offered this option for services such as an oil change in 2014 (27 per cent), than in 2013 (22 per cent). Ninety-fiver per cent said the work was done right the first time (93 per cent in 2013).
For automobile companies, it is important to excel at service for two reasons. It contributes a big chunk of the profits, and importantly, it mitigates the risk associated with cyclical sales that are characteristic of the market. It lessens their dependence on sales.
Demanding consumers
The diversity of the Indian market poses a big challenge, says Arora. Customer expectations vary widely across the length and breadth of the country. There are first-time buyers and repeat buyers. The heterogeneous nature of the customer base calls for great effort, says Arora, adding that in India, over 50 per cent of customers are first-time buyers. This compounds the difficulty for companies and dealers as it calls for a lot of education as well. “The Indian customer/market is very demanding. In the US, the average customer pays around $200 for one service but in India, they pay just a fourth of that – and fulfilling those expectations is very challenging,” he adds. Areas in which service standards can improve are reach, convenience, location, quality and cost, according to Arora.
A Tata Motors spokesperson points out that customers benchmark their experience globally as well as with other industries. “A car pick-up-and-drop service or customer lounge with wi-fi connectivity was considered a delight five years ago. Today this is a generic requirement. We have to constantly, therefore, analyse new trends, understand customer needs and plan our service offerings accordingly.” Tata Motors moved up to fourth rank from sixth in this year’s CSI study, with a score of 834 points, behind Maruti Suzuki (890), Honda and Hyundai (863 each).
Mahindra & Mahindra, which came next to Tata Motors, says the extent of human interaction in the auto industry is extensive, unlike in other service industries such as telecom and e-commerce where many processes are automated.
To get things done quicker, a prime customer need, M&M has put in place a dedicated customer care tweet handle, which is also its helpline number. It has also launched a mobile app and even a DIY channel on YouTube with tutorials on tasks like how to clean an AC filter and change a tyre.
The study says that owners who are highly satisfied (scores of 956 or higher) are nearly twice as likely to recommend their service dealer to family and friends. They are also likely to revisit their service dealer for post-warranty service.
Neni, the customer quoted in this piece, says as content as he is, he would not give his service full points, for if he did, it would make them complacent and leave no scope for improvement. Now that’s the hard-to-please, vigilant customer speaking!
Vitamin C is a weekly dose of consumer empowerment
(This article was published on November 13, 2014)
Related

Brands that bushwhackedTweet
Hindustan Unilever faces off against Procter & Gamble - SHASHI ASHIWAL
Some answers to last week's poser: When hoardings sprouted one night in 2010 in Mumbai advertising a mystery shampoo and claiming that 80 per cent of women said it was better than anything else, Hindustan Unilever soon put up its own hoardings next to them saying ‘There is no mystery. Dove is the number 1 shampoo’.
The first hoarding was a teaser put out by Procter & Gamble for Pantene, and HUL’s response prompted a sharp reaction from P&G. In the same year, during the FIFA World Cup in South Africa, young women in orange (Holland’s soccer fans wear orange) attending matches were thrown out of the stadium for allegedly advertising Dutch brewery Bavaria. Budweiser beer was the official sponsor.
Nike is another example of a brand that is acknowledged to do some very smart guerrilla marketing. It has used major events such as the World Cup and the Olympics, resulting in people getting the impression that it is associated with those events in an official capacity. In the 2012 London Olympics, for example, where Adidas was the official sponsor, Nike charged on to the sports field with hundreds of athletes wearing its neon Volt shoes.
Other examples of ambush marketing involve Samsung, which opened a pop-up store in Sydney in 2011 to sell its Galaxy S II while the iPhone 4S was being launched at an Apple store just a few doors away; Pringles, which sold its chips at Wimbledon outside the tennis stadium, in cans with ‘These are not tennis balls’ written on them; and Kodak, which sponsored TV broadcasts of the 1984 Olympics even though Fuji was the official sponsorFuji paid Kodak back in its own coin during the 1988 Seoul Olympics. During the 2006 football World Cup in Germany, Lufthansa designed the noses of its aircraft to look like footballs, even though Emirates was an official partner.
(This article was published on November 13, 2014)
Related

What lies behind loyaltyTweet
What motivates customers to stick to brands
Of the several entities Indians do business with, banks have the top vote for being the institutions they are most loyal to. Next come mobile service providers and technology brands. The only other country surveyed in Aimia’s Loyalty Lens Research where customers are most loyal to banks is Canada.
The reasons customers stick to brands vary by category. Rewards are the main motivation for loyalty to a credit card company, while it’s fair prices in the case of airlines and supermarkets. Strangely enough, a convenient location and family and friends wield very little influence, the study says.
The rewards for loyalty vary by category. For instance, cashback is the most sought after reward for banks and credit cards, while exclusive discounts and special offers have the most appeal in the case of supermarkets and hotels. Globally, cashback is the reward most in demand at supermarkets.
Financial institutions are perceived as sending out the most relevant material with 44 per cent rating credit card communications as very relevant and 41 per cent, banks. Fuel retailers are seen as sending the least relevant material with almost a quarter rating it as not relevant.
This survey was conducted online and fielded by Research Now between June and July 2014, covering 10 markets, including the UK, Spain, Italy, Germany, France, Canada, the US, Australia, West Asia and India and surveyed 24,335 consumers. Unlike in other markets in which online users are nationally representative, the respondents in India are representative of consumers that tend to be younger, of higher income and are digitally connected.
(This article was published on November 13, 2014)
Related

Sajjan Jindal buys Jaypee power stationsSajjan Jindal to buy hydropower stations from Jaypee Group
James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/76afbfbe-6d8a-11e4-8f96-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

14 things you do when #YouAreDesi#YouAreDesi recently trended on Twitter
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 18, 2014 4:21 pm
 
You know the best of jugaads and have a unique way of doing things. You know you are desi if you agree with the points mentioned below. Twitterati clearly had loads of fun with this trending hashtag – #YouAreDesi.
#YouAreDesi when u wear your best friends sun glasses @Khwabdeeda ???????? pic.twitter.com/f9UXMyAjzf
— Asma Sultan (@asma_sultan) November 18, 2014
#YouAreDesi if you have a nick name like i.e Billo ; Nanha ; Nanhi ; Baby ; Pappu or such types in family.

Man donates long locks before undergoing chemotherapyPrint
It's not easy to smile in the face of a calamity. And when you do, it inspires a million others. (Source: Imgur)
Written by Parmita Uniyal | New Delhi | Posted: November 18, 2014 2:32 pm | Updated: November 18, 2014 2:46 pm
It’s not easy to smile in the face of a calamity. And when you do, it inspires a million others. This man exactly does that as he posts pictures of him shaving his long locks, ahead of his chemotherapy so that a “much younger” cancer patient could benefit from it.
A smiling face greets you when you visit this imgur page. You can sense the man’s love for his long hair, as he pens this caption – “Me with long hair for the last time”.
The man is obviously disheartened when his hair is getting shaved and posts another picture with his locks partially shaved, with the caption – Not pictured: my tears.
The man is obviously disheartened when his hair is getting shaved
 
A series of dramatic photos follow and we as surfers can’t help but laugh and cry at the same time.
With hair shaved
Mourning for the lost hair?
 
The man at the end is happy with his act of donation.
Happy after donating his hair
 
“All told, I donated 14 inches to help someone else, probably much younger than me, who is going through the same thing I am,” he writes.

Investigations into Kundra were  stopped abruptlyMore
Investigations into Kundra 'stopped abruptly'
The Mudgal committee investigating the IPL 2013 corruption case found that investigations pertaining to Rajasthan Royals co-owner Raj Kundra had stopped "abruptly and without reason" when the Rajasthan police was given information about Kundra by the Delh
By ESPNcricinfo staff | ESPNcricinfo –  Mon 17 Nov, 2014 7:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Raj Kundra and wife Shilpa ShettyThe Mudgal committee investigating the IPL 2013 corruption case found that investigations pertaining to Rajasthan Royals co-owner Raj Kundra had stopped "abruptly and without reason" when the Rajasthan police was given information about Kundra by the Delhi police.
The index of the report, 25 pages long, refers to four individuals in which Raj Kundra is No. 11. The report states that Kundra "was in touch with the bookies" but, by not reporting contact with them, "has violated the BCCI/ IPL Anti-Corruption Code." During the investigation, the Mudgal committee investigators also found that the "investigation against this individual was abruptly and without reason stopped by the Rajasthan Police upon receiving the case papers from Delhi Police."
During the course of their investigations, the committee found that a friend of Kundra's was a "known punter" who gave a "section 164 statement" [a statement before a magistrate, thus making it admissible in court] saying that he placed bets on behalf of Kundra. The report says Kundra then went on "to introduce his 'known punter' friend" to another bookie who dealt with "larger stakes." According to a statement given by another player to the police, Kundra had "introduced him to a bookie". The report points that "materials on record" indicated Kundra was "placing bets or was at a minimum standing guarantee for his punter friend." All of these happen to be violations of the BCCI/IPL Anti-Corruption Code.
The Mudgal report, which was made public in February 2014, had stated: "When Mr. Raj Kundra appeared before us, he was questioned as to whether he had indulged in any betting activity in the IPL, to which he categorically answered in the negative."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Google Nexus 6 up for pre-order nowGoogle Nexus 6 up for pre-order now
Our Bureau
November 18, 2014:  
Flipkart will start taking pre-orders for the much-anticipated Nexus 6 on Tuesday.
The Nexus 6 smartphone price starts at Rs 44,000. The 32 GB version costs Rs 44,000 while the 64 GB one is priced at Rs 49,000. The Nexus 6 gets Lollipop Android update.
The smartphone is equipped with a 6-inch Quad HD Amoled display and a Qaulcomm Snapdragon 805 quad-core processor. It also comes with a Turbo Charger so that users can get up to six hours of use with only 15 minutes of charge.
Developed by US-based Motorola, Nexus 6 was launched globally last month, along with Nexus 9, which was developed by Taiwanese major HTC.
Motorola had earlier said that Nexus 6 would be available in 28 countries, including India, across Europe, Asia Pacific and North America.
(This article was published on November 18, 2014)
Related

BSE Sensex companies  total market value close to Rs 100 lakh croreBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pct
The total market valuation of the BSE-listed companies is nearing the Rs 100 lakh crore-mark following the continued dream run of the bourse.
At present, the total market capitalisation (m-cap) of BSE-listed companies stands at Rs 99,47,809 crore, just Rs 52,191 crore short of the Rs 100 lakh crore milestone.
India had first entered the trillion-dollar club in June 2007, but moved out in September 2008 after a global meltdown. It again got back into the elite league in May 2009 and largely remained there except for some brief time, including once in 2012. In August 2013, it again moved out of the list.
The Sensex has gained 7,007.2 points, or 33 per cent, so far this year.
The index touched its all-time high of 28,282.85 today.
The Sensex blue-chips whose market valuation is more than Rs 1 lakh crore include TCS, ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, HDFC Bank, Coal India, SBI, ICICI Bank, Sun Pharma, HDFC, HUL, L&T, Bharti Airtel, Tata Motors, Wipro, NTPC, HCL Tech, Axis Bank and Maruti.
At present, outsourcing major TCS is the most valued Indian company with a market cap of Rs 5,09,758.96 crore.
Experts said that Indian markets are also helped with smart foreign fund inflows.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of USD 15.3 billion (Rs 91,780) crore into the country’s equity market.
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

After Vodafone setback  Income-Tax dept loses Rs 18 000 cr transfer pricing case against ShellCurrent account deficit rises to 2.1 pct in Q2 as gold imports soar
On the heels of it losing a similar case against telecom major Vodafone, the Income-Tax department lost its Rs 18,000-crore transfer pricing cases against oil major Shell India at the Bombay High Court, which today quashed the department’s tax order.
The tax sleuths had added Rs 15,000 crore and Rs 3,000 crore respectively to the taxable income of Shell India Markets Pvt Ltd, the Indian subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell Plc, for the FY 2007-08 and FY 2008-09 in two transfer pricing cases.
The judgement comes in the wake of two similar transfer pricing cases, which were ruled in favour of the Indian subsidiary of Vodafone Group Plc, in which the I-T department had sought adjustments of over Rs 4,500 crore last month.
The order in favour of Shell India was passed today by a bench of justices M S Sanklecha and S C Gupte on a petition filed by Shell India Markets.
Transfer pricing tax orders of Income Tax against Shell and Vodafone pertain to alleged undervaluation of shares issued by their domestic subsidiaries to the parent companies abroad.
Transfer pricing refers to the practice of arm’s length pricing for transactions between group companies based in different countries to ensure that a fair price one that would have been charged to an unrelated party is levied.
Shell India had issued 870 million shares to Shell Gas BV in March 2009 at Rs 10 per share. However, the Income Tax department contended that the shares were grossly undervalued and it valued them at Rs 180 per share. The department then added the difference to the taxable income of Shell India.
In a separate development this year, the Income Tax department had issued a show-cause notice adding another Rs 3,100 crore to Shell India’s income for FY 2009 in another transfer pricing case.
Being aggrieved, the company moved the Bombay High Court challenging the tax notice.
Funding a subsidiary by issuing shares is a common practice among multi-national companies which view this as a capital transaction and out of the transfer pricing bracket.
However, the tax department argues that such a deal is a transfer pricing arrangement by which the shares issued are undervalued and hence the company is liable to pay tax on the income generated out of it.
The high court did not agree with the department and quashed its order and show-cause notice against Shell India.
Welcoming the high court judgement, Shell India termed it as a “positive outcome”.
“We welcome the High Court decision. Shell has always maintained that equity infusion by a foreign parent company into an Indian subsidiary cannot be taxed as income. This is a positive outcome which should provide a further boost to the government initiatives to improve the investment climate,” a Shell India spokesman said in an e-mail statement.
Commenting on the Shell case verdict, Mukesh Butani, managing partner at law firm BMR Legal, which represented the British oil major in the case said, “The HC decision is a significant development and it follows the earlier judgement in the Vodafone case wherein it was ruled that in so far as transfer pricing principles are concerned the issuance of shares by an Indian company to its foreign parent is not eligible to transfer pricing provisions as there is no income arising therefrom.
“The High Court has held that the legal principle laid down by the Bombay HC applies in the Shell case and rejected the IT department’s argument that the facts of Shell case were distinguishable from the Vodafone case,” he said, adding the decision is a welcome relief not just for Shell India but for all MNCs who are facing the adjustment on share issuance.
It is significant to note that the court did not hesitate on exercising its extraordinary powers to issue a writ where alternate appeal remedy was available– in this situation as the court felt that the tax department clearly exceeded its jurisdiction to bring to tax a capital transaction,” Butani said.
Gokul Chaudhri of BMR said the high court decisively held that no transfer pricing or tax implications can arise on issue of shares by a subsidiary to its overseas shareholders. Upholding the writ petition of Shell India the court brought to a close the controversy that arose in January 2013 and has since worried investors.
“This decision follows earlier decision of the court in similar circumstances for Vodafone India. Investors should welcome this bold intervention and clear thinking of the court. Hopefully one of the tax thorns that troubled investors has been removed. Acceptance of this decision by the government would be helpful to bring closure,” Chaudhri said.
TAGS: Bombay High Court Income Tax Department Shell India Vodafone
More from economy

India has world s largest youth population: UN reportCurrent account deficit rises to 2.1 pct in Q2 as gold imports soar
With 356 million 10-24 year-olds, India has the world’s largest youth population despite having a smaller population than China, a latest UN report said today.
China is second with 269 million young people, followed by Indonesia (67 million), the US (65 million) and Pakistan (59 million), Nigeria with 57 million, Brazil with 51 million, and Bangladesh with 48 million, the United Nations Population Fund’s (UNFPA) State of the World’s Population report said.
It said that developing countries with large youth populations could see their economies soar, provided they invest heavily in young people’s education and health and protect their rights.
Within this generation are 600 million adolescent girls with specific needs, challenges and aspirations for the future, the report said.
The report titled ‘The power of 1.8 billion’, said 28 per cent of India’s population is 10 to 24 year-olds, adding that the youth population is growing fastest in the poorest nations. Global number of youths is highest ever.
As the world is home to 1.8 billion young people between the ages of 10 and 24 year, 9 in 10 of the world’s young population live in less developed countries.
“Young people are the innovators, creators, builders and leaders of the future. But they can transform the future only if they have skills, health, decision-making, and real choices in life.
“Today’s record 1.8 billion young people present an enormous opportunity to transform the future,” UNFPA Executive Director Babatunde Osotimehim said.
The potential economic gains would be realised through a “demographic dividend”, which can occur when a county’s working age population is larger than the population that is dependent.
“Never before have there been so many young people. Never again is there likely to be such potential for economic and social progress. How we meet the needs and aspirations of young people will define our common future,” the report said.
In order to maximise the dividend, countries must ensure their young working-age populations are equipped to seize opportunities for jobs and other income-earning possibilities, the UN agency said.
With the right policies and investments in human capital, countries can empower young people to drive economic and social development and boost per-capita incomes, the report said.
Between 2000 and 2010, the number of students enrolled in universities outside of their own country rose from 2 million to 3.6 million.
It added that search for jobs and a decent livelihood is among the biggest motivator of migration, and the search for security and freedom from violence and discrimination is a major driver of refugee flows.
China, India and South Korea were the countries of origin for the most foreign university students, while the United States was the destination for the largest number, followed by the United Kingdom and Australia.
“It is too easy to talk about the demographic dividend in terms of money, savings and economic growth, which have so far excluded many,”
Osotimehin said, adding that the demographic dividend must be harnessed to achieve inclusive growth and offer opportunities and well-being for all.
Because of lagging social services, these countries face greater obstacles to leveraging the advantages that can result from engaging a youthful, productive workforce.
The UNFPA report shows that demographic shifts taking place in about 60 countries are opening a window for a demographic dividend.
The size of the dividend depends largely on how those countries invest in young people to realise their full potential.
A demographic dividend of this magnitude has the potential to lift hundreds of millions of people out of poverty and raise living standards and catapult economies forward, it said.
Critical youth investments needed to reap a demographic dividend are those that protect rights, including reproductive rights, improve health, including sexual and reproductive health, and provide skills and knowledge to build young people’s capabilities and agency.
“These investments can also accelerate fertility declines, which can in turn accelerate the demographic transition,” it said.
More from economy

India tops global slavery index with 14.3 mn people enslavedCurrent account deficit rises to 2.1 pct in Q2 as gold imports soar
Nearly 14.3 million people, including children, are “trapped” in modern-day slavery in India, which tops a global index of people under bondage across the world with an estimated 35.8 million people enslaved, a new research said today.
The Global Slavery Index (GSI) 2014, published by the Walk Free Foundation in Perth in Australia, said India and Pakistan account for 45 per cent of the global total.
The report estimates that over 23.5 million people in Asia are living in modern-day slavery. This is equivalent to almost two-thirds of the global total number of people enslaved.
“Of these, over 14.2 million are in India and over 2.05 million are in Pakistan which demonstrate the highest prevalence of modern slavery in Asia (1.141 per cent and 1.13 per cent of their populations respectively). Together these two alone represent 45 per cent of the global total,” it said.
In South Asia, these countries are followed in prevalence by Nepal (0.823 per cent of the population, 228,700 people), Bangladesh (0.435 per cent, 680,900 people), Afghanistan (0.435 per cent, 132,800 people) and Sri Lanka (0.359 per cent, 73,600 people).
The report said that the people are trapped in slavery through human trafficking, forced labour, debt bondage, forced or servile marriage or commercial sexual exploitation.
“In terms of absolute numbers, India remains top of the list with an estimated 14.29 million enslaved people followed by China (3.24m), Pakistan (2.06m), Uzbekistan (1.2m, new to the top five), and Russia (1.05m).
“Together these account for 61 per cent of the world’s modern slavery or nearly 22 million people,” it said.
The research report also said that “an estimated 35.8 million men, women and children around the world are today trapped in modern slavery, just over 20 per cent more than previously estimated,” the report said.
The Index was created in consultation with an panel of experts from international organizations, think tanks and academic institutions and also said that slavery exists in each of the 167 countries included in it.
The research said countries with the biggest challenges were taking important steps to tackle the problem.
“India for example has strengthened its criminal justice framework through legislative amendments and has established 215 Anti-Human Trafficking Police Units. Much more needs to be done,” it said.
Chairman of the Foundation, Andrew Forrest said there is an assumption that slavery is an issue from a bygone era or that it only exists in countries ravaged by war and poverty.
“These findings show that modern slavery exists in every country. We are all responsible for the most appalling situations where modern slavery exists and the desperate misery it brings upon our fellow human beings.
“The first step in eradicating slavery is to measure it. And with that critical information, we must all come together “ governments, businesses and civil society to finally bring an end to the most severe form of exploitation,” he said.
The report said Mauritania has the highest proportion (prevalence) of its population in modern slavery at 4 per cent, while Iceland and
Luxembourg have the lowest number of people enslaved in both prevalence and in absolute numbers, estimated at less than 100 each, closely followed by Ireland with under 300.
It said countries identified as leading the fight to end modern slavery include Netherlands, Sweden, the US, Australia, Switzerland, Ireland, Norway, the UK, Georgia and Austria.
Those countries with the weakest responses to modern slavery in 2014 are North Korea, Iran, Syria, Eritrea, the Central African Republic, Libya, Equatorial Guinea, Uzbekistan, Republic of the Congo and Iraq.
The Walk Free Foundation is a global organisation with a mission to end modern slavery in our generation by mobilising a global activist movement, generating the highest quality research, enlisting business and raising unprecedented levels of capital to drive change in those countries.
TAGS: Global Slavery Index Slavery
More from economy

Times Squares biggest & most expensive billboard set to shineCCI clears $4-bn Sun Pharmaceutical, Ranbaxy Laboratories merger deal, but adds riders
In an era when digital screens large and small proliferate but attention is increasingly scarce, some marketers are making a huge bet that one of the biggest displays in the world will captivate audiences.
Their gamble: the largest and most expensive digital billboard in Times Square, which will light up on Tuesday night.
The new screen is eight-storey tall and is nearly as long as a football field, spanning the entire block from 45th Street to 46th Street on Broadway — the centre of the Times Square “bow tie”. Nearly 24 million LED pixels, each containing tiny red, blue and green lights, make up the display, giving it higher resolution than even the best of today’s top-of-the-line television sets.
At a going rate of more than $2.5 million for four weeks, the megascreen ranks as one of the most expensive pieces of outdoor ad real estate on the market, claims a marketing executives. A digital art exhibition by the critically acclaimed Universal Everything studio collective will animate the screen from Tuesday night until November 24, when Google will take over as the exclusive, debut advertiser with a campaign that runs through the New Year.
In the flashing, bustling advertising mecca that is Times Square, the screen is the biggest and the only one to cover an entire city block. “Size matters in Times Square,” said Harry Coghlan, president of Clear Channel Outdoor New York, which is selling the ad space.
Last week, as he stood on the corner of 46th Street and Broadway watching test images of skiers and fashion models illuminate the new display, tourists turned their heads to look at the sign, their jaws actually dropping.
“Sometimes it just comes down to wanting to stand out, and it comes down to ego,” he said. Both Clear Channel Outdoor and Google declined to comment on the terms of Google’s deal. Ad executives said that Google snapped up the display as soon as it went on the market for an exclusive, long-term commitment, so the negotiated rate could have been much lower than the $2.5-million price tag. Rates for Times Square billboards can vary widely, depending on location, size, duration and screen quality, among other factors, ad executives said.
Each day, more than 300,000 pedestrians are estimated to enter the Times Square “bow tie”, where Seventh Avenue intersects with Broadway between 42nd and 47th Streets.
While New Yorkers generally breeze through, their heads in their phones, the location is a tourist destination, and the billboards are a large part of the attraction. The locale receives even more views when it is broadcast across the world, especially during events like the New Year’s Eve celebration.
About eight in 10 people in Times Square reported that the signs and the advertisements add to its appeal, said a survey of 2,000 respondents in Times Square commissioned by Times Square Alliance and other groups. About half of the respondents reported taking photographs of the signs, and 60% said they spent more than five minutes looking at them. “People go to the Grand Canyon to see the most visually stunning natural canyon in the world. They come to Times Square to see the most digitally striking canyon in the world,” said Tim Topkins, president of Times Square Alliance.
The new sign, at 1535 Broadway, hangs on the Marriott Marquis hotel. Visitors might remember the destination as home to the giant Kodak sign that long beamed from the centre of the building, topped by a curved display and flanked by two rectangular displays.
Vornado Realty Trust built the new screen as part of a redevelopment project for new signs and retail components of the hotel. Vornado says it expects to lease a span of new retail space at the site to about a half dozen companies. It said in August 2012 that it would spend as much as $140 million on the project.
Vornado already owns the retail strip at 1540 Broadway directly across the street leased to the Forever 21 and Disney flagship stores. There, it discovered how important the digital sign is to the retailers. With the new project, Vornado decided to build a megasign and deploy the latest LED technology.
Steven Roth, CEO of Vornado, said the technological advantage will not last as other companies adopt similar bells and whistles. The two lasting advantages, he said, are the new display’s sheer size and location. “The signs really are part of the culture, part of the fabric of the excitement of this city,” Roth said. “And, by the way, we are in it for the money, and they are an interesting part of our business.”
More from industry

Narendra Modi  Amit Shah among top decision makers in  Global Thinkers  listCCI clears $4-bn Sun Pharmaceutical, Ranbaxy Laboratories merger deal, but adds riders
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been named as the top decision maker in a list of 100 global thinkers by a leading American ‘Foreign Policy’ magazine.
Narendra Modi is placed at the top followed by German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) President Amit Shah in the decision makers category of the ‘100 Global Thinkers’ by the Foreign Policy magazine.
The magazine described 64-year-old Narendra Modi as “charismatic and business-friendly” leader.
“By India’s 2014 elections…Modi had convinced many that his record as a charismatic, business-friendly leader made him just the person to revive India’s flagging growth. His speeches drew hundreds of thousands, and he reached millions via 3-D holographic projections,” it said.
It also referred to the US visa ban on Modi following the 2002 Gujarat riots when he was the state’s Chief Minister.
On Shah, the magazine praised the 50-year-old leader for “building a formidable campaign machine” in Uttar Pradesh, where he directed the BJP to victory in the polls.
“…Shah exhibited an almost otherworldly understanding of how to make candidate Narendra Modi appeal to Indians. His deft image management balanced the human with the superhuman,” the magazine said.
State Bank of India Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya has also made it to the coveted list for “telling hard truths about India’s debt”.
The ‘100 Global Thinkers’ also included CGNet Swara founder Shubhranshu Choudhary for giving rural Indians a megaphone and news anchor Padmini Prakash for bringing third gender to prime time.
The other Indians figured in the list are India National PolioPlus Committee Chairman Deepak Kapur and Sangeeta Bhatia, an engineer and physician from Cambridge, for creating a kinder alternative to the colonoscopy.
Atmospheric scientist Veerabhadran Ramanathan and economist Partha Dasgupta were also named among the top global thinkers.
TAGS: Amit Shah Arundhati Bhattacharya Bharatiya Janata Party BJP News Narendra Modi
More from industry

To beat rivals  Amazon focuses on business clientsCCI clears $4-bn Sun Pharmaceutical, Ranbaxy Laboratories merger deal, but adds riders
Most people know about Amazon’s ambitions to sell everything from books and movies and smartphones to power tools and auto parts.
Less understood outside the technology industry is just how aggressively the company is also trying to become an important technology provider to other organisations — its aspirations just as big as those of Microsoft, IBM and Google.
Amazon Web Services already provides so-called cloud computing services at low prices to customers including the Central Intelligence Agency and Netflix. At a conference here last week for the web-services unit, company officials explained that Amazon was now trying to get more money from business customers by also offering services and processes that make it a competitor to traditional suppliers of business technology like Oracle.
Offering more capabilities to customers is a big deal for Amazon. A report last month by the Synergy Research Group said Amazon’s web-services unit has about a 27% share of the worldwide market for cloud infrastructure services. Microsoft is second with about a 10% share.
But there are indications that a pricing war and more focus from competitors could dig into Amazon’s lead. There are even concerns that the unit’s revenue growth has stalled in recent quarters.
What makes Amazon unique in the fight to own the computing cloud is what it’s not — a traditional tech company with a long history of providing products and services to business customers.
Finding a way to deliver services over the internet that behave like databases and other traditional software products will be critical to keeping its lead because older tech companies like Microsoft are already capable of doing it.
Amazon Web Services is banking on help from its customers to make its ambitions work. “Ninety per cent of our development is deep, sophisticated corporate users telling us what to build next,” said Adam Selipsky, the unit’s vice-president for products.
On Wednesday, the unit announced that in 2014 it had released 442 new products for its global network of computers and software, a 60% rise from all of 2013. It later raised that number to 449, including faster ways to write and publish software.
The lower number “was so this morning”, said James Hamilton, the enthusiastic executive who oversees the development of AWS. “This is a different world,” said Hamilton, a veteran of decades in companies like IBM and Microsoft before he joined the unit in 2008. “The speed is unbelievably different. We don’t slow down as we get bigger.”
But the unit could face challenges in its efforts. It has already had to deal with embarrassing system failures and changed its policies to suit national governments. Moreover, its parent company, Amazon, has returned less in profits in its 17-year life as a public company than cloud competitors like Google and Microsoft earn in a single quarter. If Wall Street grows tired of Amazon’s continued losses, it could also pinch AWS.
Amazon is not the only big tech company trying to lure businesses to the cloud. Microsoft, Google and IBM are all trying to get business customers to rent their cloud services rather than buy software, servers and networking gear.
Just a few years ago, public clouds like Amazon’s were considered experimental turf for technology start-ups. Today, companies like Johnson & Johnson, Intuit and General Electric are among the unit’s customers. In the past year, AWS says, the amount of data it stores has grown 137%. It sells twice as much of its basic computing as a year ago.
Analysts believe the pace is picking up across the handful of big tech companies providing cloud services. “Two years ago, public clouds were maybe 2% of all computing workloads,” said Lydia Leong, a senior analyst at Gartner. “Now they are more than 10%. By 2018, it will be more than 50%.”
More from industry

Buy NBCC on strong future project outlook:NomuraBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pct
NBCC’s Q2FY15 results were below expectations, led primarily by weaker-than-expected margins in the PMC (project management consultancy) segment.
Overall revenue growth, too, was weaker than expected, led by unsold inventory in the real-estate segment, even though PMC segment revenue growth was good at 24% y-o-y.
We do not attribute much value to NBCC’s quarterly results near term. Rather, we view it as a play on upcoming redevelopment opportunities, which are not reflected in current results. Management commentary in the post-results concall suggests that full-year FY15 margins are likely to be in line with FY14 numbers, thus arresting the margin concerns seen in H1FY15.
Revenue at R904 crore was up 5% y-o-y but below our estimate, largely due to a miss in the real-estate segment. PMC segment revenues were strong at R778 crore, up 24% y-o-y, although margins were down 260 bps y-o-y.
Overall EBITDA margins, however, were at 5.5% compensated by stronger margins in the real-estate segment. The tax rate at 25% was lower than usual, which as per the company, was due to certain non-recurring tax benefits during the quarter and will normalise to the full tax rate in the quarters ahead. Due to the misses in revenue and margins, EBITDA declined 26% y-o-y.
Order inflow remained good during the quarter at R2500 crore, despite no redevelopment orders in H1.
By Nomura
TAGS: NBCC
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

Neutral on HDIL as pre-sales improve again:JPMorganBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pct
HDIL’s Q2 EPS of R1.4/share came in better than expectations aided by gains on the sale of multiplex business. On the operating front, pre-sales and collections improved further in Q2 and the company expects trends to improve further in H2.
The company has now secured approvals to launch the city’s largest mid-income housing township in Virar in Q4, wherein we expect a good initial response. The outlook for the Mumbai residential market seems to have improved with inquiries and absorption picking up over the last two quarters.
Share pledge on the company has been removed, thus removing a large overhang on the stock. We think if the company sticks to its FY15 guidance, i.e. debt reduction with increasing launches, the sharp discount to book value (63%) will start closing.
Pre-sales for the quarter at R330 crore were up 10% q-o-q and positive trends have continued in the festive months of Oct/Nov. The company expects H2 to be better than H1 as new launches come through in Ghatkopar and Virar. Additional phases of residential launches  are also planned in Kurla and Mulund. Collections for the quarter were also healthy at R340 crore.
Net debt in the quarter increased by R350 crore due to approvals/FSI-related payments for new projects and also for accelerating construction on ongoing projects. However, net debt as per the co is likely to start reducing henceforth.
By JPMorgan
TAGS: HDIL
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

Global Slavery Index: The India StoryCurrent account deficit rises to 2.1 pct in Q2 as gold imports soar
Case: “Suparna was 17 when she was tracked from her hometown in West Bengal by a person named Raj. She was completing her studies in Grade 9 and thought she was being sent to Delhi to marry Raj, who was 20. She was brought to Delhi by a friendly lady who said she was a friend of Raj’s. When she reached Delhi however, she was sold into forced prostitution in the brothels of Garstin Bastion Road. Raj and his friend Raju continuously tortured her physically when she refused to involve herself in sex work. From there she was sold to ladies who were apparently the brothel managers in Garstin Bastion Road. Even there, she was being beaten up and was forced to entertain customers. A man assisted Suparna to escape, but when she returned to her village she suffered harassment and she and her family were forced to move.”
Client account contributed by Shakti Vahini, Walk Free partner, India.
Read Full Report: India
Prevalence: India’s modern slavery challenges are immense. Across India’s population of over 1.2 billion people, all forms of modern slavery, including inter-generational bonded labour, tracking for sexual exploitation, and forced marriage, exist. Evidence suggests that members of lower castes and tribes, religious minorities, and migrant workers are disproportionately affected by modern slavery.1 Modern slavery occurs in brick kilns, carpet weaving, embroidery and other textile manufacturing, forced prostitution, agriculture, domestic servitude, mining, and organised begging rings. Bonded labour is particularly prevalent throughout India, with families enslaved for generations.
There are reports of women and children from India and neighbouring countries being recruited with promises of non-existent jobs and later sold for sexual exploitation, or forced into sham marriages. In some religious groups, pre-pubescent girls are sold for sexual servitude in temples. Recent reports suggest that one child goes missing every eight minutes; it is feared that some are sold into forced begging, domestic work, and commercial sexual exploitation. Bangladeshis and Nepalese, particularly women and children, migrate to India in search of work. Young Nepali women banned from traveling to the Gulf for domestic work also pass through India as an alternative route. Some of these migrants then experience abuse and exploitation. Other migrants are fraudulently sent by recruiters to India to be transported to jobs in the Gulf, only to remain in India in positions of forced labour or commercial sexual exploitation.
Government Response: Given the scale and complexity of the response required in India, it is significant that the Indian Government has taken steps to better communicate key elements of its anti-tracking response.
In 2014, the Ministry of Home Affairs launched the ‘anti-tracking portal’, which includes information on criminal justice statistics, anti-tracking police units, government and law enforcement training, the anti-tracking legislation, and reporting mechanisms, including the ChildLine hotline number. The portal does not appear to provide information about forced or bonded labour, which rejects a broader institutional separation between responses to bonded labour, which is the responsibility of the Department of Labour, and human tracking, which is the responsibility of the Ministry of Justice.
On paper, criminal justice reforms specific to human tracking are the strongest component of India’s response to modern slavery. In 2013, the government amended the Indian Penal code to include specific anti-tracking provisions. In 2014, the government expanded the number of police anti-human tracking units across the country to 215 units, aiming to establish a unit in 650 districts. The judiciary and over 20,000 law enforcement have received training on victim identification, the new legal framework, and victim-centered investigations. The government’s victim compensation scheme extends to human tracking victims, however, the amount and efficiency of dispersal is largely dependent on the State administration, and is not available country-wide. Although bonded labour is criminalised, it is still a significant issue. The government response to bonded labour is monitored by the National Human Rights Commission that reviews existing policies and practices, and provides training to district Magistrates, Deputy Commissioners, and other government officials. Reports suggest that most States are yet to implement the Supreme Court Order which required District Vigilance committees to undertake surveys to identify and release those in bonded labour, as already required by the Bonded Labour Act. The State of Karnataka is an exception and has made progress on the Order.
Efforts need to be directed toward expanding and improving victim support services. The Ujjawala project is a victim support programme that provides rescue, rehabilitation, and reintegration services for commercial sexual exploitation victims, and tracking prevention initiatives. In addition, the SWADHAR GREH scheme provides temporary accommodation and rehabilitation services for women and girls, including survivors of tracking. While government shelters are required to register, there are no standards attached to registration, and no inspections or follow- up. The shelters have limited facilities and resources to provide holistic support and are currently only available for women and girls. Of particular concern are reports of trackers re-recruiting women into tracking from shelters. Indian police are beginning to collaborate with regional counterparts on transnational human tracking investigations. In 2014, Indian and Bangladeshi police undertook a joint investigation to identify two Bangladeshi girls sold into commercial sexual exploitation in India. Both girls were found and successfully repatriated; the offenders are being prosecuted under new anti- tracking provisions.
Vulnerability: Dalits have the least social protections and are highly vulnerable to severe forms of exploitation and modern slavery. The limited ability for people to move out of this group increases their vulnerability. Approximately 90 percent of India’s labourers are in the informal economy, presenting risks associated with a highly unregulated and unmonitored work environment.
Women and girls face significant discrimination and high rates of sexual violence across India. While Prime Minister Narendra Modi referred to a string of rapes as a national ‘shame’, and there has been a raft of legislative and criminal justice reforms signalling some progress, women are still at risk of sexual assault and domestic violence. The rates of forced and servile marriage continue to trap women and girls in cycles of domestic servitude with few opportunities for education, meaningful employment or access to reproductive rights. Indian migrant workers actively seek jobs in construction and care industries, primarily in the Gulf, Europe and North America. From 2012 to 2015, there were more people leaving India than arriving, with most migrants seeking work through their networks rather than formal channels. Official migration processes are complex and often tainted by corruption, which further encourages irregular migration. These channels leave migrants with little recourse against practices such as unilateral contracts, dangerous working and living conditions, limited movement and access to communications, withholding of passports and wages, and physical and sexual abuse.
INDIA
Estimated number of people in modern slavery: 14,285,700
Government response to modern slavery: CCC
Vulnerability to modern slavery: 56.7%
Population: 1,252,139,596

Man from Rajasthan shows Ebola-like symptomsKey protein may contribute to wound healing, tumour growth
A 35-year-old man, who showed Ebola-like symptoms, was kept at an isolation ward at Sawai Man Singh Hospital here before he left for Delhi.
“The suspected patient, identified as Mohammed Rehan Khan, was suffering from fever and blisters. He first reported to a private hospital last evening from where he was referred to the medical ward at Sawai Man Singh Hospital,” Head of Medicine Department of the hospital Dr C L Naval said.
“Last midnight, the patient left the isolation ward with his relatives to Delhi after submitting a letter of leave against medical advise,” Naval said.
The patient, who belongs to Vidhyadhar Nagar area in the city, had recently visited Vadodara. A preliminary clinical investigation indicated that the patient had no contact with any other Ebola patient nor he travelled abroad, Naval added.
TAGS: Ebola Ebola News
More from health
New drug provides fresh hope for cancer patients A new type of cancer therapy has produced dramatic results in patients with advanced leukaemia in an early-phase clinical trial...

Man tests positive for Ebola  kept under isolationKey protein may contribute to wound healing, tumour growth
In the first case of Ebola in the country, an Indian national returning from Liberia has tested positive for the deadly virus and has been quarantined at a special facility at Delhi airport.
The Health Ministry said the 26-year-old man, who reached here on November 10, was already treated for the deadly disease in the African country and carried no symptoms but tests of his semen samples were positive, prompting authorities to put him under isolation.
This is the first confirmed case of Ebola, though the victim contracted the virus abroad and has already been treated.
“The situation is under control and there is no need for any alarm. However, all precautions are being taken in this regard,” the ministry said in a statement.
It is a known fact, the ministry said, that during convalescence from Ebola, people continue to shed virus in body fluids for variable periods.
However, presence of virus in his semen samples may have the possibility of transmitting the disease through sexual route up to 90 days from time of clinical cure, it said.
He will remain under isolation in the special health facility of Delhi Airport Health Organization till his body fluids test negative and is found medically fit to be discharged, it said, insisting that the man is a treated and cured case of Ebola.
He had carried a certificate of medical clearance from the Liberian government, mentioning that “he has successfully undergone care and treatment related to Ebola and after post treatment assessment has been declared free of any clinical signs and symptoms and confirmed negative by laboratory analysis”, the official statement said quoting the Liberian document.
His three blood samples tested here were also found negative for and, therefore, according to WHO and CDC specifications, he is deemed to be cured, it said.
However, the ministry added that the virus may continue to be positive in secretions like urine and semen for a longer time.
Liberia is one of the countries which have seen a number of Ebola cases.
TAGS: Ebola Ebola News
More from health
New drug provides fresh hope for cancer patients A new type of cancer therapy has produced dramatic results in patients with advanced leukaemia in an early-phase clinical trial...

Video: Japanese recession No problemShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Japanese recession? No problem
Nov 18, 2014 : John Authers reports from New York as the S&P 500 reaches another all-time high, even as the yen falls to its lowest level since 2007 on news of a Japanese recession. Plenty of European data lie ahead this week.
Credits: Produced by Paolo Pascual and John Authers. Edited by Paolo Pascual.

Putin in cold as Kiev and Brussels warm energy tiesSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Brazil vs Mexico: a tale of two scandalsSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

The curse of weak global demandThe curse of weak global demand
Martin Wolf
Feeble economic performance has occurred despite the most aggressive monetary policies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e4be7f8-6e4b-11e4-afe5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Zeenat Aman s SHOCKING life secrets revealed!Photo uploaded by Rajveer Singh
on Feb 06, 2013 , 12:44 pm
27776 Views  |  23  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Zeenat Aman, the sex sirens life is no less than a time bomb, and we mean it! Image courtesy: Procured via Google search
Zeenat Aman, the sex sirens life is no less than a time bomb, and we mean it! Image courtesy: Procured via Google search

Sushmita Sen s extraordinary life in pics!Photo uploaded by Shankar Manakkal
on Nov 18, 2014 , 04:07 pm
1605 Views  |  2  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Sushmita Sen has a lot of 'firsts' attached to her name. She is not just the first woman to win the Miss Universe Pageant for India in 1994 but also the first woman in Bollywood to adopt children.  Image courtesy: Procured via Google search
Sushmita Sen has a lot of 'firsts' attached to her name. She is not just the first woman to win the Miss Universe Pageant for India in 1994 but also the first woman in Bollywood to adopt children.  Image courtesy: Procured via Google search

Sensex slips from peak  Nifty closes below 8 400Market update: Sensex slips from peak, Nifty closes below 8,400
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 19, 2014  | 17:10 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Sensex on Wednesday logged new lifetime high of 28,294.01 but retreated after a late fall gripped stocks to end 130 points down at 28,032.85, amid profit-taking in bluechips from metal, power and oil and gas space.
The BSE 30-share barometer, after hitting the new peak in the opening trade, succumbed to profit-booking and selling by foreign funds at record levels. At one point, it slipped below the 28,000-mark to touch the day's low of 27,963.51.
The gauge settled 130.44 points, or 0.46 per cent, lower at 28,032.85. On Tuesday, it had touched intra-day high of 28,282.85 but had ended with a loss of 14.59 points.
Major losers that pulled down Sensex and Nifty from record highs included Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, GAIL, BHEL, Tata Motors, NTPC, Sun Pharma, ONGC , CIL , RIL and SBI.
Similarly, the NSE 50-scrip index Nifty after scaling a new peak of 8,455.65 at the outset, beating previous record of 8,454.50 touched on Tuesday, fell. It ended below the 8,400-mark to close with a loss of 43.60 points, or 0.52 per cent, at 8,382.30. Intra-day, it had touched a low of 8360.50.
Traders said besides profit-booking, a mixed trend in global markets ahead of the release of minutes of Federal Reserve policy meeting, led to the fall in Indian shares.
"Market remained in a very narrow range for most part of the trading session and corrected in the last 90 minutes of the trading session. Stocks that were top performing in the first half of the trading session, were the ones that corrected the most in the second half of the trading session," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
The local currency also appeared to be having a bad day with rupee trading near 62-levels against the US dollar.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth Rs 101.98 crore on Tuesday, first net sales in almost 3 weeks.
Sectorally, the BSE Metal index suffered the most by losing 2.14 per cent, followed by Power index which fell 1.80 per cent, Oil and Gas index by 1.35 per cent, Consumer Durables by 1.22 per cent and Realty index by 0.99 per cent.
Selling activity also gained momentum in small and mid-cap sector stocks. The BSE Small-cap index lost 0.65 per cent and Mid-cap index fell 0.63 per cent.
Bucking the trend, Dr Reddy, HUL, HDFC, Bajaj Auto, Airtel, L&T, Infosys and ICICI Bank ended up.
Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking Services said: "Indian equities opened positively, but as the day progressed, the indices lost their way. Indices are trading near all time highs so investors preferred to stay cautious at these levels."
Overall, 22 out of 30 Sensex-based scrips ended with losses while others settled with gains.
Major losers from the Sensex pack include Tata Steel (3.08 per cent), Sesa Sterlite (2.75 per cent), Gail India (2.30 per cent), Tata Motors (2.29 per cent), BHEL (1.99 per cent), NTPC (1.94 per cent) and Sun Pharma (1.77 per cent).
ONGC (1.69 per cent), Coal India (1.58 per cent), Cipla (1.47 per cent), M&M (1.43 per cent) and Reliance Industries (1.01 per cent) also were among laggards.
However, Dr Reddy's Lab rose by 2.45 per cent, HUL 1.19 per cent, HDFC 1.01 per cent, Bajaj Auto 1.01 per cent and Bharti Airtel 0.89 per cent.
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, metal fell by 2.14 per cent, followed by power 1.80 per cent, oil & gas 1.35 per cent, consumer durables 1.22 per cent, realty 0.99 per cent, bankex 0.65 per cent and auto 0.64 per cent.
Total market breadth turned negative as 1,840 stocks finished in red, 1,216 stocks closed in green while 95 ruled steady. Total turnover rose further to Rs 3,848.52 crore from Rs 3,657.51 crore on Tuesday.

Rampal arrested by Haryana Police from his ashramRampal arrested by Haryana Police from ashram
Yahoo India –  Wed 19 Nov, 2014
Barwala (Haryana): Controversial sect leader Rampal was arrested from his fortified Satlok Ashram here by Haryana Police Wednesday evening, officials said.
He was whisked away in an ambulance which was followed by a number of police vehicles.
"We have arrested him. He is in our custody. He is being taken to hospital for medical examination," a senior police officer said outside the ashram near this town.
"He will be produced in the relevant court tomorrow (Thursday)," he said.
Police sources said Rampal would be taken to Chandigarh after medical examination. He is likely to be presented in a court there Thursday.
There was not much resistance offered by Rampal's supporters and his private army when he was finally taken into custody after 9 p.m., a police officer said.
Sources said Rampal's face was covered with a cloth when he was brought out from inside the ashram.
Rampal had remained elusive for the last nearly 15 days after the Punjab and Haryana High Court issued non-bailable warrants against him Nov 5.
The high court had directed Haryana Police to present him before the court Nov 21.
Supporters of Rampal had clashed with security forces Tuesday to prevent them from entering the ashram premises. The area around the ashram resembled a battlefield as sect supporters battled the police. With IANS inputs
Recommend

India quarantines Ebola patient in DelhiBigg Boss 8
India quarantines man recovering from Ebola
India has quarantined a man who was cured of Ebola in Liberia but continued to show traces of the virus in samples of his semen after arriving in the country.
Yahoo Lifestyle –  Wed 19 Nov, 2014 11:04 AM IST
Recommend
Share 0
India has quarantined a man who was cured of Ebola in Liberia but continued to show traces of the virus in samples …
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India has quarantined a man who was cured of Ebola in Liberia but continued to show traces of the virus in samples of his semen after arriving in the country, the Health Ministry said on Tuesday.
The ministry said in a statement that the Indian national had been shown to be negative for Ebola in tests conforming to World Health Organisation (WHO) guidelines, but had been quarantined as a precautionary measure when he arrived at New Delhi airport on Nov. 10. Later, tests of his semen detected traces of the virus.
"It is a known fact that, during convalescence from Ebola Virus Disease, persons continue to shed virus in bodily fluids for variable periods," the ministry said. "However, presence of virus in his semen samples may have the possibility of transmitting the disease through sexual route up to 90 days from time of clinical cure."
India has screened thousands of passengers travelling from Ebola-hit West Africa in recent weeks.
The Indian man carried with him documents from Liberia that stated he had been cured. He will be kept in quarantine until the virus is no longer present in his body, and will undergo tests over the next 10 days or so, a senior Health Ministry official said.
"It is not an Ebola case, he is an Ebola-treated patient who is negative in blood but whose body fluid is positive. He has no symptoms," the official said, declining to be named because of the sensitivity of the matter.
Peter Piot, a former WHO official who was one of the discoverers of the virus, has in the past expressed concerns about the disease spreading to India. There are nearly 45,000 Indian nationals living in West Africa.
Many experts say densely populated India is not adequately prepared to handle any spread of the highly infectious haemorrhagic fever among its 1.2 billion people. Government health services are overburdened and many people in rural areas struggle to get access to even basic health services.
Hygiene standards are low, especially in smaller towns and villages, and defecating and urinating in the open are common.
The current outbreak of Ebola is the worst on record. It has killed at least 5,177 people, mostly in Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea, according to the latest figures from the WHO.
(Reporting by Aditya Kalra; Editing by Kevin Liffey)
Editors Note: Indians are advised not to give in to alarm, as there is no risk of transmission if the patient is advised to strictly avoid unprotected sex. Fear and lack of information can lead to panic during periods of epidemic, which can lead to violation of the patient's privacy and disruption of public life.
Ebola is a contagious disease, with high mortality rates, and spreads through bodily fluids like blood, saliva, sweat and vomit. Coming into contact with infected persons requires following international protocols and the use of protective gear.
Description Toggle
1 - 22 / 22
There have been 14,413 reported cases of Ebola, with 5,177 reported deaths, up to November 14, 2014. (World Health Organization/Yahoo News)
1 / 22
Yahoo News | Photo by World Health Organization/Yahoo News
Mon 17 Nov, 2014 8:30 PM IST

Jerusalem Synagogue attackabcnews.go.com/...israeli-synagogue-
attack/story?id=26986938
An Israeli police officer has died of his wounds from an attack at a Jerusalem synagogue by two knife-wielding Palestinian men earlier today, bringing the ...

Dalmiya Srinivasan supportextends-support...    Cached
Press Trust of India Mumbai, 19 November: In what would come as a shot in the arm for N Srinivasan, Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB) President Jagmohan Dalmiya has ...

US Exim Bank offers $1 b loans for renewable energy projectsUS Exim Bank offers $1 b loans for renewable energy projects
Our Bureau
Conditional on import of American goods, services for clean energy
New Delhi, November 19:  
The US Exim Bank has agreed to provide $1 billion in medium- and long-term dollar loans to finance American technologies, products and services for clean energy development by the the Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency (IREDA).
IREDA projects
The credit facility is part of a Memorandum of Understanding signed between the two organisations on Tuesday. Renewable energy developers in India working with IREDA can use the credit facility to import US goods and services in the sector.
The credit facility will also be available for financing 30 per cent of domestically manufactured components.
The loans can be repaid over a period of 18 years with the same fixed rate of interest.
“The proposed credit facility carries no specific commitment on the part of IREDA and will depend on the import of US equipment to India and the attractiveness of the credit facility to the project developers in India,” an official statement said.
Cooperation framework
Overall, the MoU establishes a framework for cooperation in the financing of creditworthy entities undertaking renewable energy projects and facilitating export of goods and services from the US to India.
Upendra Tripathi, Secretary, Ministry of New and Renewable Energy, said that sectors such as solar, wind, hydro and waste-to-energy have been identified as priority areas in clean energy investment cooperation as part of the MoU.
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

SEBI tightens insider trading regulationsSEBI tightens insider trading regulations
Our Bureau
Widens definition of ‘connected persons’
Mumbai, November 19:  
Capital market regulator SEBI strengthened insider trading rules, streamlined the regulations governing listed firms and eased the norms for de-listing of companies, at its board meeting, on Wednesday.
Onus on insiders
SEBI has widened the definition of who exactly is an insider by including persons in possession of or with access to unpublished price sensitive information. The definition now states that all persons and their immediate relatives with a contractual, fiduciary or employment relationship with the company will be considered “connected persons”.
The onus of proving that they were not in possession of the price-sensitive information has been put on them. “The new regulations strengthen the legal and enforcement framework, align the Indian regime with international practices, provide clarity to definitions and concepts, and facilitate legitimate business transactions,” SEBI said.
Exemption to the rule
The regulator has exempted communication of unpublished price-sensitive information for legitimate business transactions, with adequate safeguards.
Communication of such information is mandatory except when it is required for performance of duties or discharge of legal obligations. In such cases, advance disclosure has to be made, at least two days prior to trading.
The definition of unpublished price sensitive information has been strengthened by providing a test to identify such information and aligning it with the listing agreement.
Going forward, companies will have to disclose trading and holdings of third-parties who are connected to them. Derivative trading in the company’s scrip by directors and key managerial persons is now prohibited (in line with the Companies Act).
Insiders who possess such information all round the year will have the option of formulating pre-scheduled trading plans, which should be strictly adhered to, and disclosed on the stock exchange. SEBI has also converted the listing agreement for every type of security into a listing regulation, called SEBI Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements Regulations, 2014.
These regulations will cover equities, convertibles on the main board and SME board, debt instruments, Indian Depository Receipts, non-convertible redeemable preference shares, securitised debt instruments and mutual fund units.
The regulations have been changed to bring greater clarity, maintain consistency and remove redundancies.
Certain provisions in the listing agreements that were not in the nature of continuous obligations, such as payment of interest on account of delay in allotment/non-allotment of shares, has now been made mandatory.
Delisting
SEBI has reduced the timeline for de-listing from 137 to 76 days besides allowing the use of the stock exchange platform for de-listing, takeover and buyback offers.
Acquirers have been given the option to delist the shares of the target company directly, after an open offer is triggered. Failure to de-list would, however, require the acquirer to complete the mandatory open-offer process under Takeover Regulations and pay interest at 10 per cent per annum for the delayed offer.
Impact on insiders
Tejesh Chitlangi, Partner IC Legal, said perpetual insiders (those in continuous possession of unpublished price-sensitive information) will have to frame their trading plans in advance.
Firstly, it would be impractical for such insiders, like directors and promoters, to predict their trading proposals with precision. Secondly, it may also lead to unwarranted movement in the stock price, since a large section of the public may simply follow the trading pattern of such insiders.
The new delisting framework seems to be more balanced and fair to both promoters as well as minority shareholders.
The price discovery is likely to be more transparent and fair, and more delisting offers are likely to sail through, compared to the past.
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

Paper manufacturers inventory builds up as sales slowHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Paper manufacturers’ inventory builds up as sales slow
R Balaji
Demand from education segment yet to pick up
Chennai, November 19:  
Large paper mills are seeing an unprecedented inventory build up on slow sales, competition from imports — particularly in the printing and writing paper segment — and a tight-fisted approach to Government procurement.
Senior industry executives acknowledge that over 2 lakh tonnes of paper is in stock with mills.
Each mill under the Indian Paper Mills Association—commonly referred to as A-grade mills—stock anywhere between 20,000 and 40,000 tonnes.
The total paper consumption in the domestic market is estimated at 13 million tonnes with printing and writing paper making up about 40 per cent of this.
Also, leading paper mills such as JK Paper and International Paper APPM have reported losses in the second quarter.
Demand from the educational segment has dropped because of various reasons and demand from State Government-run text book societies is yet to pick up. Normally, a dozen tenders would have been floated by now for a total of about 3 lakh tonnes. But this is yet to happen.
For instance, Maharashtra which procures about 60,000 tonnes has bought only about 10,000 tonnes so far, according to a senior executive. Similarly, print orders are also down.
The publishers have been most affected in the higher education segment where the shift to e-books is most pronounced. But the exact numbers for this segment are not currently available.
Cheap imports
Another major challenge for paper mills is the cheap imports from Indonesia, which takes advantage of the FTA, with India and from China which is looking to dump surpluses caused because of slow off take in the US and Europe, said a manufacturer.
According to industry estimates, large brands supply about 75,000 tonnes of A4 sized copier paper a month.
But imports of about 5,000-8,000 tonnes a month and competition from smaller mills which supply about 12,000 tonnes a month are eating into the market.
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

Govt moves to ensure no entity has coal monopolyGovt moves to ensure no entity has coal monopoly
Our Bureau
Plans to cap the number of coal mines companies can bid for
New Delhi, November 19:  
In a sign that it will not allow a repeat of the past, the Coal Ministry has decided to have tighter monitoring norms for mine developers in the next round of allocations/ auctions.
Aiming to prevent any monopoly of the sector, the Government intends to cap the number of coal blocks a company can bid for. The cap will be applicable for public as well as private sector entities, said Coal Secretary Anil Swarup, while sharing the draft rules for the e-auction and allocation of blocks.
Developers will have to furnish a performance bank guarantee, which can be encashed if they fail to meet work commitments. There are instances of coal miners, including those in public sector undertakings, not commencing any work on the assets they own.“Certainly conditions will be there on monitoring the work,” said Swarup. The draft rules propose to allow a successful bidder or allottee to use the coal mined from a particular area in other similar end-use plants owned by it, after prior intimation to the Union Government. The Government can impose terms and conditions as needed, adds the draft. Following the Supreme Court verdict de-allocating 204 coal blocks, the Government had to come up with a mechanism to re-allocate the blocks to manage fuel supplies for key consumers, such as power, steel, and cement.
In the first phase, the Government proposes to auction/allocate 74 blocks (42 producing, 32 ready to produce) by March 31, 2015, with a potential to produce 210 million tonnes annually.
Bigger auction possible
Swarup, however, said the number of blocks offered in the first phase could be more than 74. “The Ministry has been facing time constraints and therefore has been undertaking a lot of parallel activities. A committee looking into the reserve and floor price for the 74 blocks has already firmed up its formula. A decision has to now be taken by the Cabinet,” he said.
While not disclosing the details of the formula, Swarup said the intent is to see that the end tariff does not increase in the case of power.
A reserve price is being set for blocks that will be kept out of the auction and offered to public sector entities. Swarup said another committee was working on the number of such blocks. Indications are that at least 20 blocks could be kept aside for the state-owned companies.
On the levy imposed on miners of de-allocated blocks for coal extracted till September 24 this year, Swarup said the figure is yet to be worked out. He, however, said that it has to be deposited by the prior allottee on or before December 31. The levy on coal extracted from September 24 till March 31, 2015 has to be deposited on or before June 30, 2015, he added. Stakeholders have been asked to provide their feedback on the draft rules by November 24.
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

What are the consequences of commodities price slumpWhat are the consequences of commodities price slump?
Shyamal Gupta
Producers will cut costs, while the corporate sector may consolidate
November 19, 2014:  
When prices of commodity rise they transfer riches from consumers to producers but when they fall consumers benefit. With so much at stake, the turning points are important. Currently we are standing at the cusp of such a turning point.
Commodity prices have fallen nearly 15 per cent since June-end, according to Bloomberg index. The Economist price index for Commodities has fallen by 16.5 per cent in terms of the dollar. Last week, the price of crude oil on NYMEX dropped to a four-year low of $74 a barrel from some $107 in June.
Prices of metals such as copper, platinum, silver and gold have also fallen sharply. Sustained low commodity prices are expected to help India in a big way, considering that it imported $178 billion worth of commodities in the last financial year. This amounts to 9.5 per cent of GDP.
Crude oil made up the largest part of imports. India will also benefit from lower prices for industrial commodities such as coal, metals, etc.
During the last quarter (June-September), the raw material cost, as a percentage of sales in corporate India, has come down, which is likely to drop further in the current quarter.
However, questions of end-users’ demand remains uncertain.
For agricultural commodities in the country, market yard prices will only start showing real downtrend when retail energy prices drop at the same pace.
The decline in the price of non-agricultural commodities can partly be explained by economic changes taking place in China. In the last two decades, China had been consuming coal, iron ore, copper, oil and other commodities with insatiable appetite.
While China’s economic transition was expected, stagnation in Japan and conditions pointing towards impending European deflation were unanticipated.
The big losers in all these are nations that depend on commodity exports such as Russia, Brazil and Iran. Russia and Iran have substantial economic problems because of Western sanctions and government mismanagement.
Brazil’s economy was slowing before the decline in commodity prices. Russia and Brazil are standing at the brink of their sovereign rating being relegated to a junk grade.
Demand in the days to come remains a primary concern. Since marginal cost of large producers are comparatively much less than the small producers in some sectors (iron ore, copper and coal), they continue to produce even after admitting to a global downturn.
Consumption has failed to keep pace with the rush by investors and producers to boost output across the entire commodity and resources spectrum over the last few years, creating a dangerous situation for markets where large stockpiles begin to build.
In the past, tough times have helped commodity producers become lean and mean through consolidation, mergers and cost-cutting. It is unlikely to be different this time too.
The writer is a commodity commentator. Views are personal.
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

Can the BJP do a western UP in Jammu & KashmirCan the BJP do a western UP in Jammu & Kashmir?
Poornima Joshi
A BJP supporter at a recent pubic gathering in Kargil (file photo).
Party hopes to consolidate Hindu votes and leverage a split in Muslim votes
New Delhi, November 19:  
BJP president Amit Shah’s targeted rallies at Ramban and Banihal in the Jammu region — scheduled for Thursday — give an indication of the ruling party’s strategy and growing ambitions in the upcoming Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir.
While party workers travelling in the State talk excitedly of the Valley throwing up “surprises” this time, the more realistic assessment in the BJP’s “Mission 44” for J&K is the party’s complete consolidation in the Jammu region.
Of the 87-member State Assembly, the Valley takes up 46 seats, Jammu 37 and Ladakh four. In the recent Lok Sabha polls, the BJP won from Ladakh, Jammu as well as Udhampur while the Mehbooba Mufti-led People’s Democratic Party (PDP) swept Baramulla, Srinagar and Anantnag.
The Assembly-wise distribution of votes in the Lok Sabha polls reveals that the PDP was leading in as many as 41 Assembly constituencies. In the 2008 Assembly elections, the National Conference won 28 seats, the PDP 21 and the Congress 17. The BJP managed to win just 11 seats at that time.
This time, the focus is to consolidate not just those 21 seats in Jammu where the Hindus dominate but the 15 other Muslim-dominated seats in the Pir Panjal, Chanab and Jammu-Kathua belt in the Jammu region.
The strategy is similar to the one adopted in the Muslim-majority western Uttar Pradesh in the Lok Sabha election, where the Hindu vote consolidated around the BJP while the Muslim votes got divided among three different “secular” parties.
The BJP scored on the same principle in Udhampur, where Congress heavyweight Ghulam Nabi Azad was defeated by the BJP’s Jitender Singh, who is now Minister of State in the Prime Minister’s Office.
“There is no reverse polarisation from the Muslim side in the Jammu region. The BJP is certainly going to gain from Hindu consolidation in that region,” said a BJP worker travelling in the region.
While the BJP may gain a seat in Ladakh as well, the story is a little different in the Valley, where the Muslims are in a majority. Except the Habbakadal seat where the BJP’s Moti Lal Kaul hopes to make the cut with about 16,000 Kashmiri Pandit votes, the party’s prospects have not improved considerably despite Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s recent visit to the Valley and appeal on the development agenda.
What helps the BJP in the Valley is the presence of smaller, one-man parties such as Sajjad Lone’s People’s Conference.
Not alone
Lone has already met Modi and BJP general secretary Ram Madhav, and expressed his faith in the ruling party. Lone is contesting from North Kashmir. Similarly, Independents such as Ghulam Hasan Mir, the candidate from Gulmarg, and Haqeem Mohammad Yasin from South Kashmir have been approached by the BJP for post-poll support.
Altogether, the BJP has fielded 69 candidates in the State, of whom an overwhelming 31 are Muslims. The party certainly hopes to improve vastly over its best record of 11 seats in Jammu and Kashmir.
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

Jaitley to meet PSB chiefson ThursdayJaitley to meet PSB chiefs on Thursday
Our Bureau
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley
New Delhi, Nov 19:  
The Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will meet the chief executives of public sector banks (PSBs) here on Thursday.
Earlier, this quarterly performance review meeting was to be taken up and addressed by the new Financial Services Secretary Hasmukh Adhia.
However, both Jaitley and Adhia will now together meet chief executives of PSBs, official sources said.
This meeting assumes importance as the entire public sector banks system are at crossroads, facing several challenges including weak asset quality and questionable selection process for chief executives.
Besides reviewing the credit growth in the economy, the meeting will also look at critical areas like capital adequacy situation, the status of non-performing assets, stalled projects and financial inclusion.
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

New Zealand-India can be cricket rivals  business partnersHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
‘New Zealand-India can be cricket rivals, business partners’
Amiti Sen / Tomojit Basu
Tweet
NATHAN GUY, New Zealand’s Minister for Primary Industries
New Zealand is upbeat about taking forward negotiations on a free trade agreement (FTA) with India following “positive comments’’ from the BJP-led Government which has just concluded a study on the utility of such trade agreements.
In an interview with BusinessLine, during a recent India visit, New Zealand’s Minister for Primary Industries Nathan Guy said that the Cricket World Cup to be co- hosted by his country next year could further cement economic ties with India. Excerpts:
Negotiations on India-New Zealand FTA have not progressed much. What are your expectations?
Negotiations on FTAs always take time. Prime Minister Narender Modi recently reviewed FTA agreement policies. I got very positive comments back from the Minister of Agriculture and the Minister of Commerce.
Could agriculture, particularly dairy, be a sticking point in the talks, as New Zealand is aggressive while India is defensive?
The important point is that New Zealand feeds about 40 million people, so we are relatively small. We may be dairy exporters 160 countries, but this (Indian) market is massive. You are the world’s biggest dairy producers. So there is opportunity for more collaboration, not competition. Where do you see scope for collaboration in agriculture?
I went to the big produce market (Azad Pur Mandi). I was amazed at the scale — 500 trucks carrying 15 tonnes of produce everyday, all cleared by 11 am in the morning, six days a week. New Zealand could play a part somewhere in providing the handling technology.
There could be collaborations in cold storage and post-harvest processing. My understanding is that 40 per cent of your produce gets wasted because you have transportation that generally takes a long time and you don’t generally have refrigerated vehicles. You also have a hot climate.
We in New Zealand are specialists in refrigeration and post-harvest processing and see it as huge opportunity for forging joint ventures.
What are the other areas of interest and how important is India in your scheme of things?
India is an important market for New Zealand and one that we could strengthen. We have a strong history of people-to-people connection. About 1,50,000 Indians live in New Zealand and 35,000 tourists from India visit every year. Currently we have about $1 billion of two-way trade, which could grow significantly.
Fifteen New Zealand companies and organisations ranging from food and beverages to IT, hospitality, tourism and aviation are here with me as we see opportunities in all these areas.
What opportunities do you see in the aviation sector?
We are working on an open-skies agreement with India because you can’t have strong people connections and trade and business without having transport routes that function smoothly. There is also opportunity for collaboration in training of pilots as there is a worldwide shortage of pilots and about 200,000 pilots will be required in the next 15 years. New Zealand has the best reputation in the world for training pilots.
How do you plan to use the World Cup to promote business ties?
An MoU has been signed between New Zealand-India Business Council and the CII to look at building business connections around the cricket World Cup. The plan is to bring business leaders down to the event to watch cricket and discuss business on the sidelines. While we compete fiercely on the cricket pitch, we are keen to collaborate on business.
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

IBM launches new e-mail service VerseIBM launches new e-mail service ‘Verse’
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 19:  
Tech giant IBM has launched a new e-mail application ‘Verse’ for enterprises that integrates social media, file sharing and analytics to help increase productivity.
The service stems from IBM’s $100 million investment in design innovation and adds layers of analytics, social media and security to the application as employees can access e-mails, calendars, file sharing, instant messaging, social updates and video chats through a single platform.
It is the first messaging system to feature ‘faceted search’, which enables users to pinpoint and retrieve specific information they are seeking across all the various types of content within their email.
“With IBM Mail Next, we have applied analytics to enterprise e-mail in a very unique way, and challenged our design teams to completely re-imagine the social collaboration experience with focus on engaging people and driving outcomes, not managing messages and inboxes,” IBM Social Business and IBM Smarter Workforce Director Anmol Nautiyal told PTI.
IBM Verse uses built-in analytics to provide an ‘at-a-glance’ view that intelligently surfaces an individual’s most critical actions for the day.
Over time, it can provide instant context about a given project as well as the people and teams collaborating on it.
“Although e-mail is considered one of the most significant advances in workforce productivity over the past 30 years, today it has become one of the greatest organisational burdens,” Nautiyal said.
IBM Verse is intended to help enterprise customers unlock the full potential of professionals and the clients, he added.
The company is currently launching the beta version, while a freemium version will be available from the first quarter of next year.
IBM’s enterprise mail service, known as Notes, is used by companies worldwide, while more than 50,000 use IBM’s social platform for businesses, IBM Connections.
IBM Verse will compete with Microsoft Window’s popular Outlook email service and Google’s Inbox.
In October, Google had launched an e-mail service ‘Inbox’ to help organise e-mails and display information like appointments, flight bookings and package deliveries in a more user-friendly way.
IT industry analysts estimate that 108 billion work e-mails are sent daily, requiring employees to check their inboxes an average of 36 times an hour. Only 14 per cent of those e-mails are of critical importance.
According to research firm IDC, e-mail remains the single most widely used collaboration tool, with worldwide revenue for enterprise e-mail expected to reach $4.7 billion in 2017.
Cemex, a global leader in the building materials industry, is one of the first clients to participate in an early beta of the new offering.
Today's Poll
Will IBM be able to take on its rivals with new e-mail service Verse?
Yes

BSE Sensex retreats from record highs on profit-taking  FII sales; Tata Motors dropsBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pct
The benchmark BSE Sensex today logged new lifetime high of 28,294.01 but retreated after a late fall gripped stocks to end 130 points down at 28,032.85, amid profit-taking in bluechips from metal, power and oil&gas space.
The BSE 30-share barometer, after hitting the new peak in the opening trade, succumbed to profit-booking and selling by foreign funds at record levels. At one point, it slipped below the 28,000-mark to touch the day’s low of 27,963.51.
The gauge settled 130.44 points, or 0.46 per cent, lower at 28,032.85. Yesterday, it had touched intra-day high of 28,282.85 but had ended with a loss of 14.59 points.
Major losers that pulled down Sensex and Nifty from record highs included Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, GAIL, BHEL, Tata Motors, NTPC, Sun Pharma, ONGC, CIL, RIL and SBI.
Similarly, the NSE 50-scrip index Nifty after scaling a new peak of 8,455.65 at the outset, beating previous record of 8,454.50 touched yesterday, fell. It ended below the 8,400-mark to close with a loss of 43.60 points, or 0.52 per cent, at 8,382.30. Intra-day, it had touched a low of 8360.50.
Traders said besides profit-booking, a mixed trend in global markets ahead of the release of minutes of Federal Reserve policy meeting, led to the fall in Indian shares.
“Market remained in a very narrow range for most part of the trading session and corrected in the last 90 minutes of the trading session. Stocks that were top performing in the first half of the trading session, were the ones that corrected the most in the second half of the trading session,” said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
The local currency also appeared to be having a bad day with rupee trading near 62-levels against the US dollar.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth Rs 101.98 crore yesterday, first net sales in almost 3 weeks.
Sectorally, the BSE Metal index suffered the most by losing 2.14 per cent, followed by Power index which fell 1.80 per cent, Oil & Gas index by 1.35 per cent, Consumer Durables by 1.22 per cent and Realty index by 0.99 per cent.
Selling activity also gained momentum in small and mid-cap sector stocks. The BSE Small-cap index lost 0.65 per cent and Mid-cap index fell 0.63 per cent.
Bucking the trend, Dr Reddy, HUL, HDFC, Bajaj Auto, Airtel, L&T, Infosys and ICICI Bank ended up.
Indian shares retreat from record highs on profit-taking, FII sales
(Reuters) Indian shares fell on Wednesday, retreating from record highs hit earlier in the session as investors pared positions in blue-chips such as Tata Motors after overseas investors marked their first sale of cash shares in three weeks.
Foreign institutional investors sold Indian shares worth 1.02 billion rupees ($16.5 million) on Tuesday, marking their first sale since Oct. 28.
Overseas investors have been key drivers of the stock market rally this year, buying a net $15.47 billion worth of shares so far in 2014, according to regulatory data.
But caution is now beginning to set in ahead of the winter session of the parliament scheduled to begin next week, when Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government is expected to push a slew of reforms including goods and services tax.
Investors are also looking forward to the Reserve Bank of India’s policy review on Dec. 2, while also tracking global factors, including minutes of the U.S. Fed’s policy meeting due later this week.
“FIIs are making good profit on Indian shares after a long time, so expect 3-5 percent correction by December-end due to profit taking,” said G. Chokkalingam, founder of Equinomics, a research and fund advisory firm.
The BSE index fell 0.46 percent after hitting an all-time high of 28,294.01 earlier in the day.
The NSE index settled down 0.52 percent after rising to a record high of 8,455.65.
Blue-chips led falls amid profit-taking. The 50-share NSE index has gained 35.2 percent so far this year, making India the best performing equity market in Asia during the period.
Tata Motors fell 2.2 percent, while Sun Pharmaceutical Industries ended lower 1.9 percent.
ITC lost 0.7 percent, while Tata Steel  ended 3.2 percent lower.     State bank of India lost 1.2 percent after rising 8.3 percent in the previous three sessions.
Reliance Industries fell 1.1 percent, Oil and Natural Gas Corp lost 1.7 percent, and Cairn India  declined 2.7 percent.
Among gainers, consumer goods stocks rose on hopes falling inflation would lift spending, while lower raw material costs would aid margins.
Hindustan Unilever rose 1.1 percent and Britannia Industries advanced 2.1 percent.
New entrants on the MSCI India index rose ahead of rejig effective from the close of Nov. 25. Zee Entertainment gained 1.4 percent, while Motherson Sumi Systems ended up 0.1 percent.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex Sensex And Nifty
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

Amkette Trubeats Tango headphone review: This one can take twoCCI clears $4-bn Sun Pharmaceutical, Ranbaxy Laboratories merger deal, but adds riders
I have always considered Amkette as a company that strives to create products that don’t look like they are made in India. Their products might not be made in India but they also don’t look like what many Indian brands have been producing of late. The latest from this accessories company is a headphone that tries to satisfy Gen Y which wants to share everything. Yes, the Trubeats Tango lets you share your music through the headset.
Design: The Tango is very compact with small square earcups that can be pulled down from the headband. The headband and the earcups have soft leather making it very comfortable to wear. However, like with most closed headphones, the earcups tend to become a hot place for the ears are a few songs. While the Left earcup has the in-line, the right one has a 3.5mm port for you to connect another earphone. The Tango comes with  long tangle-free cable with a gold plated connector at the end for better sound quality. But if you ask me, the best thing about the design is the fact that the headphone can fold into a size that fits in your palm. Good for people who are on the move.
Performance: Catering to the Indian audience, the Tango comes with Bass-rich Trusound, which thankfully is not overpowering. The 40mm drivers seems to do a good job with most types of music, not just Bollywood fare. It could hold itself even at high volumes. There is no spillover from the earcups, even when you have taken them off your ears. From the latest PK songs to the ethereal voice of YouTube sensation Amira Willighagen, the Tango seemed to have everything under control. So far so good.
But the tango part of the Tango is the real disappointment. There is a small, but significant, loss in audio quality when you plug in another headphone to the unit. You will not realise the drop if you haven’t heard the primary set first. But, yes, if you try the primary one first and the add-on next it will be like going down a couple of steps.
Verdict: At Rs 1,499, the Amkette Trubeats Tango offers a decent option for those who want something better than a pair of earphones. It is even better for those who like to share their music with someone close as they travel, or just hang around. But don’t but the Tango just for that feature, think of that as an add-on that you could use once in a while.
More from industry

IBM launches Next-gen social mail software  Verse  in IndiaCCI clears $4-bn Sun Pharmaceutical, Ranbaxy Laboratories merger deal, but adds riders
Tech giant IBM has launched a new e-mail application ‘Verse’ for enterprises that integrates social media, file sharing and built-in analytics to give employees a new way to converse, find the right people and information fast, and get work done.
The service stems from IBM’s USD 100 million investment in design innovation and adds layers of analytics, social media and security to the application as employees can access emails, calendars, file sharing, instant messaging, social updates and video chats through a single platform.
It is the first messaging system to feature ‘faceted search’, which enables users to pinpoint and retrieve specific information they are seeking across all the various types of content within their email.
“With IBM Mail Next, we have applied analytics to enterprise email in a very unique way, and challenged our design teams to completely re-imagine the social collaboration experience with focus on engaging people and driving outcomes, not managing messages and inboxes,” IBM Social Business and IBM Smarter Workforce Director Anmol Nautiyal said.
IBM Verse uses built-in analytics to provide an ‘at-a- glance’ view that intelligently surfaces an individual’s most critical actions for the day.
Over time, it can provide instant context about a given project as well as the people and teams collaborating on it. Verse is intended to help enterprise customers unlock the full potential of professionals and the clients, he added.
The company is currently launching the beta version, while a freemium version will be available from the first quarter of next year.
IBM’s enterprise mail service, known as Notes, is used by companies worldwide, while more than 50,000 use IBM’s social platform for businesses, IBM Connections.
IBM Verse will compete with Microsoft Window’s popular Outlook email service and Google’s Inbox.
In October, Google had launched an e-mail service ‘Inbox’ to help organise e-mails and display information like appointments, flight bookings and package deliveries in a more user-friendly way.
More from industry

Energy groups face existential threats© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/697dc8de-7016-11e4-bc6a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Climate change breakthroughA breakthrough in the fight against climate change Nov 19, 2014 - 6:00 am
The US and China surprised the world last week with an outline agreement in which both countries agreed to limit emissions of greenhouse gases. Gideon Rachman is joined by Pilita Clark, FT environment correspondent, and Paul Bledsoe, senior fellow on climate and energy in the German Marshall Fund in Washington, to discuss how big a breakthrough it is.

Big business flocks to green forumBig business flocks to environmental forum
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c1a769a2-6fc1-11e4-a0c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indian guru accused of treason© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e22d311e-6feb-11e4-a0c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wheels of India justice stick© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6c2e72fc-6c03-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Peak Trade and Chinas role in 5 chartsSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Monopoly and competition circle the skies over LondonMonopoly and competition circle the skies over London
John Kay
The future of civil aviation in the UK’s capital city hangs in the balance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ebbc272-6e4b-11e4-afe5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sarkozy moves right with gay marriage vowNicolas Sarkozy gay marriage vow highlights shift to right
Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2943a5a6-6fce-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bankers lie for financial gain  says studyBankers have tendency to lie for financial gain, say scientists
Clive Cookson - Science editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/21ef6916-6fd8-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Big macro trade is way to profit in JapanBig macro trade is way to profit in Japan
John Authers
Stock-picking opportunities that are usual in these circumstances are hard to identify
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/33044922-6f5d-11e4-b50f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fresh SEC crackdown on flash crashesFresh SEC crackdown on ‘flash crashes’
Alice Ross and Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fff32d42-6ffb-11e4-a0c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nickel gains as Indonesia reaffirms banNovember 19, 2014 5:52 pm
Nickel gains after Indonesia reaffirms ore export ban
By Henry Sanderson and Neil Hume
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/08b57272-7002-11e4-a0c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vodafone may bid for TV rightsVodafone chief admits to feeling forced to bid for TV rights
Daniel Thomas in Barcelona
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ec977df4-6fe0-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Towergate warns of threat to survivalTowergate warns of threat to survival
Alistair Gray, Robin Wigglesworth and Arash Massoudi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2e3807cc-6fcf-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kik teen chat app draws venture capitalKik teen chat app draws venture capital
Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/018f6516-6f44-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russia will take decades to pivot eastNovember 19, 2014 5:29 pm
Russia may pivot to the east but it cannot escape its European destiny
Thane Gustafson
In the meantime, it must engage with Europe and the west, writes Thane Gustafson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0138e544-6f47-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Blog: Why fund managers are on the NaMo trailSearch for:
Why fund managers are on the NaMo trail
November 20, 2014, 5:06 am IST Sudeshna Sen in Letters from London | Ebola , ECB , Eurozone , GDP , HSBC , Mario Draghi , Merkel , NaMo , Nifty | ET
5
The other day, I read something in our market pages about how Indian market players are puzzled as to why fund managers sitting in London and New York are pouring hot money into Indian Nifty futures.
Sigh. I can tell you why. I happen to know quite a few of these fund managers.
It’s the kind of thing those of us who’ve been scarred by the recurring crises since 2008 are familiar with. First the seasonal imperative. Fund managers need to spend in November. Before the Christmas shutdown, when individual bonuses are decided. Most of them (at the risk of generalisation) now running the trading desks are too young to remember exactly what happened in 2008.
Why are random traders piling into India, even when its markets are rocky? They have no choices. China is slowing down, not nicely. The Middle East is at war. Russia is in some other zone. Japan, again is slowing down. And Europe is once again in the ICU. So where do you go? You follow the NaMo trail, and hope you get something in before your Christmas bonuses are decided.
Call me grumpy, but sometimes, looking back gives us valuable foresights to the future. This is the kind of thing that happened between 2008 and 2010, when hot money flowed into India, because there was nowhere else to put it. How many US treasuries can you put in your portfolio? It did us no good then, it just made the then government complacent about FII inflows. Please note various warning lights and alarms, with red and blue flashing lights.
And that brings me to the real history lesson. It’s always been about the Eurozone. Whatever you may say about emerging economies, a global economy needs a functional EU, not a moribund one. Emerging economies and America alone – given the Middle East is out of the equation for now – cannot revive global economic growth.
After 2008, America and the UK decided to go for QE, in more simple terms, an easy money, easy interest rate policy to revive growth. The Eurozone went into a monetary crisis, because Ms Merkel, heading a then strong German economy led by exports, insisted on austerity. The Germans didn’t want to spend to help their south European neighbours like Portugal or Greece, and Ms Hausfrau insisted on budget cuts as the only way forward. Everyone, including the UK’s Tory government espoused that ideal. The Americans stood aloof. The Germans also didn’t want to underwrite the European Central Bank, leading to sovereign currency crisis after crisis. It took Mario Draghi, the Italian head of the ECB, to stop the flood of trader vultures from piling into the Eurozone. “Whatever it takes.” When a central bank says that, the vultures back off. And so they did.
Now, we’re back to the future. Europe’s approach to the massive recession that hit the world after 2008 was to cut back, reduce government spending, cut salaries, and keep interest rates low. Net result? A lost decade later, Europe is facing yet another recession. Not just a deflationary period. Another full-fledged recession. This time, even Germany has not been spared. Mr Draghi has few choices. The ECB has already committed to asset purchases, and is expected to get closer to an easy money policy sooner than later.
Recently, HSBC slashed its forecast for UK growth to 2.4 per cent instead of 2.6 per cent. Germany is expected, by various analysts, to grow at 1.2 per cent. And there’s what economists call deflation, threatening to swamp Europe like Ebola. The austerity agenda, one which promoted cutting government spending on public services, salary freezes, and so on, at a time when zillions of taxpayer money (from all countries across the world) had to be doled out to save the banks too big to fail and went into the ether, to people like me seemed doomed from the start. Keynes would have turned in his grave. A wasted decade later, it is taking a political splintering of Europe to drive that point home to the powers that be. What politicians forget is that the P in GDP stands for Product. If your economy does not produce, and there is no real income growth, where does the growth come from? It’s like saying I don’t spend money because I don’t go out of the house, and eat oats for every meal, but then, my savings are losing money, so I’m getting poorer by the day.
Watch out for Europe. It may take a real political conflagration for TPTB to realise that austerity has not, and will not work.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Coal auction not to maximize revenues says Govt. Will it look beyond CAG notional lossSilver Member
0 Follower
Why should coal be cheap, when it is so polluting, and the cost of corruption adds coal blocks being sold for a song, instead of auctioning the same, under the erstwhile UPA government? We have seen what subsidised diesel has done to the environment, with cars owned by private individuals running on the fuel, emitting coal black smoke, since the outdated technology is allowed to inefficiently burn this subsidised fuel! While the rest of the world makes progressive policies on energy sources, India goes backwards, in continuing to even go as far as Australia to import coal. Cheap coal is one of the reasons why other renewable sources of energy, and even solar and wind energy have not been explored so far. India’s coal rush could push the world past the brink of irreversible climate change, with India among the worst affected, scientists say. Why have other sources of energy, such as solar energy not been explored so far, or industry has not been made more energy efficient?
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
12.42 PM Nov 20th

DLF moves SC to seek Rs 580-crore penalty exemptionCurrent account deficit rises to 2.1 pct in Q2 as gold imports soar
Real estate company DLF has moved the Supreme Court seeking exemption from paying the balance amount of R580 crore from the R630-crore penalty imposed by competition watchdog CCI for abusing its dominant market position with regard to a residential society in Gurgaon. Instead, it wants to offer land worth R580 crore as security for the balance amount.
While admitting the DLF’s appeal, the SC had in August refused to stay the Competition Appellate Tribunal’s May 19 order that confirmed the penalty of R630 crore imposed by the CCI.
In an interim order, the SC said that DLF shall deposit R50 crore out of R630 crore within three weeks and balance R580 crore within three months with its Registry, which in turn shall invest the amounts in a nationalised bank. It also asked DLF to give within three weeks a fresh undertaking that in the event of dismissal of its appeal the firm will deposit accumulated interest at the rate of 9%, as directed by the tribunal, or such amount as asked by the SC.
The firm was to pay the entire penalty amount by November 25. The company has till now only deposited R50 crore, but has now sought an exemption to deposit the balance amount. Seeking waiver of obligation to pay the balance amount, DLF in its fresh application said that it can provide land as security of equal amount.
Sebi order has seriously crippled its ability to service its financial requirements as it barred it from accessing the securities market, DLF said, adding that it will be unable proceed with the shareholder resolution of raising R5,000 crore via non-convertible debentures.
“Due to unavailability of funds which would otherwise have been raised by way of non-convertible debentures…, the applicant had no option but to seek redemption of mutual funds which was permitted by SAT after considering the requirement of applicant to service the repayment of loan and principle amount availed by it from various banks/NBFCs/Financial institutions,” the application stated.
TAGS: CCI Dlf
More from economy

Japan trade deficit narrows in Oct as exports rise...and
versions
TOKYO (AP) — The drop in oil prices helped trim Japan's trade deficit in October, as exports of cars, ships and steel picked up pace.
The value of exports was the highest since 2008, while shipments to the U.S., China and other major trading partners hit their highest level in over a year, according to the preliminary data from the Finance Ministry.
Japan's economy slipped into recession in July-September as consumer demand and business investment languished following a sales tax hike in April. A long-awaited recovery in exports could help reverse that trend.
But most of the improvement came from rising export volumes, and potential for further gains remains limited, said Marcel Thieliant of Capital Economics.
"Looking ahead, we expect the recovery in domestic demand to remain sluggish, which should keep import volumes subdued. But the export climate index has moderated lately, and no longer points to strong increases in export volumes, either," he wrote in a commentary.
Oil prices have dropped to their lowest level in four years. Benchmark U.S. crude oil was trading at $74.42 early Thursday in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange, while Brent crude oil was at $78.17.
The overall trade deficit fell 36 percent from a year earlier to 710 billion yen ($6 billion). It was the 28th straight month of deficit, but much lower than economists had forecasted.
Exports rose 9.6 percent from a year earlier to 6.69 trillion yen ($56.7 billion) while imports rose 2.7 percent to 7.4 trillion yen ($62.7 billion).
Despite the lower costs for imports of oil — resource-scarce Japan is almost completely reliant on imported oil — a sharp drop in the value of the Japanese yen likely will keep overall import costs high. The yen was trading at 118 yen to the U.S. dollar Thursday, about 20 percent lower than a year ago.
Japan's trade surplus with the U.S. climbed 6.8 percent to 610 billion yen ($5.2 billion) while its deficit with China jumped 15 percent to 587 billion yen ($5 billion).
___
Elaine Kurtenbach on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/ekurtenbach

Firm cancels plan to buy closed Revel Hotel Casino... 
WAYNE PARRY | November 19, 2014 08:03 PM EST | Associated Press
ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) — A Toronto-based company abandoned its plan to buy the former Revel Casino Hotel in Atlantic City on Wednesday, dealing another blow to a city reeling from a string of casino closures and the disappearance of thousands of jobs.
Brookfield Asset Management said in a brief statement that it had "terminated the Revel acquisition."
The company planned to buy the casino for $110 million from bankruptcy court. It had said it would reopen the business as a casino-hotel but never said how soon that would happen.
Revel opened in April 2012 at a cost of $2.4 billion and never turned a profit. After filing for its second bankruptcy, its owners closed the casino resort on Sept. 2.
Brookfield's announcement came as hundreds of casino workers were protesting a planned shutdown of the Trump Taj Mahal, which would become the fifth Atlantic City casino to close this year if it shutters in December as threatened. So far, 8,000 casino workers have lost their jobs; 3,000 more would be unemployed if the Taj Mahal closes on Dec. 12.
Casino revenues have been falling for years as a result of increased competition, including from neighboring Pennsylvania, now the second largest commercial gambling market in the nation.
When the first Pennsylvania casino opened in late 2006, Atlantic City's annual casino revenues were $5.2 billion. Last year they were $2.86 billion, and they will be significantly less than that this year.
Brookfield's decision to walk away from the deal was first reported by The Press of Atlantic City.
Brookfield spokesman Melissa Coley told the newspaper that the decision stemmed from a disagreement with bondholders controlling debt related to Revel's power plant. The cost of operating the plant was one of several factors that kept Revel from becoming profitable. Several casino executives said they believed the long-range plan was to have the plant provide power to other development expected to follow Revel to its northern corner of the beachfront, but that development never happened.
A Florida developer who lost the bankruptcy court auction of Revel was challenging the court's decision to sell the property to Brookfield. Glenn Straub told The Press that he is still interested in the property. He had spoken of re-opening Revel as an academy but said he was not certain if it would retain a casino.
His attorney did not immediately return a message Wednesday seeking comment. A Revel spokeswoman declined to comment.
___
Wayne Parry can be reached at http://twitter.com/WayneParryAC

Town ends bid to ban tobacco sales after outcry...and
versions
WESTMINSTER, Mass. (AP) — A proposal that would have made the town the first in the nation to ban all tobacco sales has gone up in smoke.
Westminster's board of health voted 2-1 to drop the proposal at its regular meeting on Wednesday, a week after rowdy opposition led board members to end a public hearing early.
Board members Ed Simoncini and Peter Munro voted to kill the proposal. Board chairwoman Andrea Crete voted to keep it under consideration.
The board had initially said the ban would help keep a variety of tobacco products from young people, but businesses strongly opposed it.
"The town is not in favor of the proposal, and therefore I am not in favor of the proposal," Simoncini said in making a motion to drop it, according to Fitchburg's Sentinel & Enterprise.
After the motion passed, Simoncini thanked the town's residents for their participation in the process, the newspaper reported.
"You made the difference," he said. "It didn't go as smoothly as we would have liked, but thank you."
Crete told The Boston Globe she was disappointed.
"We could have made Westminster tobacco-free in the sense children would have no exposure to tobacco at the stores," she said.
Last week, she ended the hearing after about 25 minutes when boos and shouts from some among the several hundred people who crowded a school gym began to drown out those registered to speak. Crete and the other board members were escorted out by police, and the crowd dispersed.
Opponents have circulated a petition to recall Simoncini and Munro. Crete is not eligible for recall because she's up for re-election in 2015.
Store owner Brian Vincent, who told the Globe he helped gather recall signatures, has said tobacco products make up more than 5 percent of his sales and bring customers who buy other items. He feared that business would be lost.
The proposal drew national attention to the central Massachusetts town of 7,700 residents.
Tobacco industry groups called it bad policy. The American Lung Association said Westminster would be the first community in the U.S. to take such sweeping action.
Town resident Vicki Tobin, a mother of three young boys, was among those who supported the ban, last week calling it "a great step in a positive way to promote a healthy town."
But others said it would infringe on personal choice.
"I think people are really angry because they feel this is being shoved down their throats," opponent Joyce McGuire said after last week's hearing.
Crete said she regrets not doing a better job of educating people.
"We didn't want to stop people from smoking in private," she said, "but unfortunately that's the way it came off."

Editorial: This is wooing investorsCurrent account deficit rises to 2.1 pct in Q2 as gold imports soar
Even when Narendra Modi swept to power in May and tried to set right India’s investment climate, it was obvious two of the lowest-hanging fruit were petroleum and telecom—companies in both sectors had billions of dollars to invest, but unfavourable government policy was holding them back. In the case of gas, where the Rangarajan formula was dumped by the Modi government, the petroleum ministry is yet to come up with a formula on how to calculate the premium for finding gas in the deep waters where the bulk of India’s reserves are; as a result, billions of dollars of investment are on hold. In the case of crude oil, Cairn India’s completely justified proposal for an extension of its licence has been given a new twist with the law ministry saying the government can raise its stake in the Cairn JV in return for the extension. This is when Cairn has actually found more oil and wants time to be able to pump it out—not only does such an extension help the country since it encourages exploration firms to find more oil, 80% of Cairn’s earnings go to the government anyway by way of profit petroleum, taxes, royalty and profit-shares for ONGC which is a JV partner.
The telecom picture is even more alarming. Since the previous government had taken the inexplicable decision of not renewing the 900 MHz telecom licences of telcos—all licences are renewed as a matter of course, and the agreement provides for this—this set off a bidding frenzy the last time around. But this time, it is worse. In the last auction, bidders could bid for the 1800 MHz spectrum if they failed to retain their 900 MHz spectrum. This time around, there is no contiguous 1800 MHz auction to act as a fallback. The solution is getting more 2100 MHz spectrum, and that is what Trai had recommended. While getting extra 2100 MHz spectrum from the defence ministry isn’t that difficult—it involves a swap which works out better for defence as it will now have more consolidated spectrum—the telecom ministry is in favour of a two-stage auction with 2100 MHz spectrum being auctioned in only the second round; the first round will comprise spectrum in the 800/900/1800 MHz frequency bands.
Theoretically that sounds fine since, if a Vodafone say, fails to win back its 900 MHz spectrum at a reasonable price in the first phase of the bid, it needn’t keep bidding madly—it can always bid for the 2100 MHz spectrum in the second phase. But no telco bidding in the first phase can afford to take a chance as there is no guarantee as to when the second phase of the auction will happen, and how much of 2100 MHz spectrum will be put up for bid. So, telcos have no option but to bid astronomically in the first phase itself. Given how the telecom bureaucracy has been so obstructive in the past, telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad would do well to examine the issue in detail. The TDSAT judgment on 3G roaming, for instance, tells a sad story of the DoT’s high-handedness that has gone against most tenets of fair play, even contractual obligations—sadly, Prasad has fallen for his bureaucrats’ line and has gone and challenged the judgment in the Supreme Court. If the Modi government is looking for big investments, it is certainly going about it the wrong way.
TAGS: Narendra Modi ONGC Petroleum Ministry
More from economy

Asian markets look at a mixed openAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Japan posts smallest trade gap since June 2013Any questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Touch of evil tarnishes reformsA touch of evil tarnishes reforms in Mexico
Peña Nieto needs to show his commitment to modernity,in all aspects
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/73948852-6b35-11e4-ae52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

South Korea and its politicians are under pressure to overhaul the economic model that generated the chaebol-led growth©Getty
In this report
Although President Park remains relatively popular, South Korea and its squabbling politicians are under pressure to overhaul the economic model that generated the chaebol-led growth miracle
Nov 19, 2014

William Lauder: Being a Lauder and CEO was a life sentence© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a655267a-65db-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Yen near 7-year low after BoJ eases© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4e9eefe4-60f2-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US blasts banks commodities operationsReport blasts US banks’ physical commodities operations
Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/785e4552-700e-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ghana promises austerity in bid for IMF helpSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

UN to spin off its Irin news agencyUN to spin off Irin humanitarian news agency
Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cd5c8362-6f77-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Glitter comes off golden visas© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4e6908ae-6f23-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Survey: China factory activity at 6-month low...and
versions
HONG KONG (AP) — Manufacturing activity in China fell to a six-month low in November, reflecting sluggishness in the world No. 2 economy and weakness abroad, according to an early survey of factory conditions released Thursday.
HSBC's preliminary purchasing managers' index fell to 50.0 this month from 50.4 in October. The index uses a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 indicate contraction while numbers above show expansion. The latest reading indicates there's no change in overall conditions from the previous month.
It's the latest sign that China's economy continues to struggle after growth in the third quarter slowed to a five-year low of 7.3 percent. China's slowdown also compounds challenges faced by the global economy as it struggles to mount a convincing recovery.
Factory output declined for the first time in half a year, falling to a seven-month low, according to the HSBC report, compiled with Markit. The new export orders subindex also slipped into contraction for the first time since May, indicating slack demand from customers in overseas markets.
"Weak price pressures and low capacity utilization point to insufficient demand in the economy," Chief China Economist Qu Hongbin said. "Furthermore, we still see uncertainties in the months ahead from the property market and on the export front."
The survey comes days after an official report showed that property prices softened in October in all but one of 70 cities tracked across China, falling 2.6 percent overall.
Real estate had been a prime driver of China's blistering economic growth in previous years but recent weakness in prices suggests economic growth will continue to slip. Part of the fall in prices is due to government measures to prevent a property bubble and keep housing affordable.

Spending cuts sought to close budget shortfall... 
BOB SALSBERG | November 19, 2014 09:06 PM EST | Associated Press
BOSTON (AP) — Gov. Deval Patrick's administration ordered nearly $200 million in immediate spending cuts Wednesday while asking lawmakers to approve reductions in local aid and other accounts to help close a state budget shortfall.
The gap, currently estimated at $330 million, has been triggered by a number of factors including an automatic change in the Massachusetts income tax scheduled to take effect Jan. 1, Secretary of Administration and Finance Glen Shor said. The tax cut, from the current 5.2 percent to 5.15 percent, is expected to cost the state about $70 million over the final six months of the fiscal year.
Patrick exercised his authority to make $198 million in unilateral spending cuts in the executive branch of state government, Shor said.
"We have done our very best to protect investments that are critical to the commonwealth's future and avoid negative impacts on the most vulnerable of our residents," he said.
While much of the spending cuts will come in the area of health and human services, sensitive agencies such as the Department of Children and Families will not be affected, Shor said. State aid to public school districts known as Chapter 70, pre-kindergarten education and public higher education are among other unscathed programs.
The state's total budget is $36.5 billion.
In a letter to state lawmakers on Wednesday, Patrick said he was filing legislation proposing a $25.5 million reduction in unrestricted state aid for cities and towns, along with cuts of 1.5 percent for most state agencies that are not part of the executive branch and therefore cannot have their budgets reduced without legislative approval.
The House and Senate are not scheduled to resume formal sessions until January, when a new governor, Republican Charlie Baker, takes office.
Shor said the proposed cuts were not discussed with representatives of the incoming administration.
"Governor-elect Baker hopes local aid is the last place the legislature would ever look to for cuts because Massachusetts cities and towns deserve a dependable source of funding for crucial projects," said Baker's spokesman, Tim Buckley.
Andrew Bagley, director of research and public affairs for the Massachusetts Taxpayers Foundation, an independent budget watchdog, said he was surprised by the proposed local aid reduction.
"I think the (local aid) cuts are something that are going to impact the cities and towns, and they are obviously not going to be happy halfway through the fiscal year trying to figure out how to manage that," Bagley said.
He also noted lawmakers historically have been reluctant to make cuts that would affect communities in their districts.
But Shor said there was a need for "shared sacrifice" to address the shortfall.
"We are asking cities and towns to help us in solving the state budget gap," he said.
Several independent state agencies have agreed to forego additional appropriations that were promised to them in an economic development bill passed earlier this year, Shor said.
In addition to the automatic income tax cut, the administration has said the shortfall also was being driven by lower-than-expected returns on state fees and other non-tax revenues.
The foundation has projected an even larger budget gap of $500 million to $600 million, Bagley said, partly due to increased state employee insurance and retirement costs.

http://usatoday.com/moneyJames Healey's Test Drive today is the e-GOLF Volkswagen.
5 of 15
See more video
The best and worst run states in 2014
Doug McIntyre lays out the results of 24/7 Wall Street's 2014 study pf the best run states in America.
6 of 15
See more video
Jobs take off, hit 3-year high
Senior editor Owen Ullmann talks about the November jobs report announcing 321,000 added jobs — the largest one-month gain in nearly three years.
7 of 15
See more video
New McDonald's kiosk lets you design your own sandwich
Want  jalapeños on your burger? USA TODAY's Bruce Horovitz takes a look at McDonald's "Create Your Taste" experiment at one of their franchises in Orange County, Calif. Video produced by Robert Hanashiro/USA TODAY
8 of 15
Starbucks new flagship store in Seattle
Starbucks opens a new 15,000 square foot store in the chic Capitol Hill area of Seattle.
9 of 15
See more video
Take a look at the best James Bond cars
Filmmakers announced that 007 will be cruising around in a silver Aston Martin DB10 in the 2015 Bond flick, Spectre. Watch scenes with some of the coolest cars James Bond has had over the years.
10 of 15
See more video
How long are these low gas prices going to last?
The last time fuel was this cheap, at well under $3 a gallon nationally, was the fall of 2010. How long will we see these low prices?
11 of 15
Shop for fake Christmas trees during this 2-week window
If you've decided to buy a fake Christmas tree this year, shop during this two-week window.
12 of 15
See more video
Giving the gift of higher education
Still trying to figure out what to get the children on your list for the holidays? How about the gift of higher education. Grandparents and others can contribute to a child's 529 plan.
13 of 15
See more video
Customer reviews of $120,000 Samsung TV are hilarious
Samsung has a TV that costs $120,000. The customer reviews of the expensive tube are as funny as you'd think. Patrick Jones (@Patrick_E_Jones) explains. Video provided by Buzz60
14 of 15
See more video
United Way CEO Brian Gallagher on jobs and the skills gap
USA TODAY's Hadley Malcolm talks to United Way CEO Brian Gallagher about work the nonprofit is doing in closing the skills gap in industries like healthcare and manufacturing.
15 of 15

Billboard ranking to include streams  track sales...November 19, 2014 09:44 PM EST | Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Billboard's chart is getting a makeover.
The music industry tracker says it's transforming the Billboard 200 chart from a sales-based ranking to one that better measures music consumption.
The chart currently tracks each week's top 200 albums by sales. The updated ranking will include streaming and digital track sales beginning Dec. 3.
It marks the biggest update since 1991, when Nielsen's point-of-sale data was added to measure album sales.
Billboard says the new methodology aims to provide a more comprehensive sense of an album's popularity, and acts like Ariana Grande and Maroon 5 are likely to benefit because their streaming and digital song sales have been outperforming their album sales.
This move comes after music acts like Taylor Swift and Jason Aldean pulled their tunes from the streaming service Spotify.

Caesars reveals plan after creditor walks away... 
KIMBERLY PIERCEALL | November 19, 2014 09:39 PM EST | Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Overwhelmed with debt and seeking a way out from under it, Caesars Entertainment Corp. floated a plan that would have turned its most debt-heavy division into a real estate investment trust divided into two companies — one to own the casinos and hotels, and one to rent and manage them.
The plan was first proposed to creditors Oct. 28, and after a creditor walked away from talks and terminated its nondisclosure agreement with Caesars, the company revealed the proposal in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing Wednesday afternoon. It was the second time a creditor has walked away from discussions since the negotiations began in October.
Caesars has $22.8 billion in long-term debt and lost $908 million from July to September. The company started laying off several hundred of its 68,000 employees worldwide across all divisions this month.
The division with the most debt, Caesars Entertainment Operating Co., owns and operates Caesars Palace on the Las Vegas Strip, two of its remaining Atlantic City properties and other regional casinos.
The company has been trying to shape up its finances in recent years by spinning off divisions and dividing its casinos, trademarks and businesses among them.
The Las Vegas-based company said in the filing that it continues to make proposals to remaining creditors.
It said creditors owed first — senior secured credit holders and first-lien bond holders — would have received 100 percent and 93.8 percent of what they're owed, respectively. Those next in line would have received a minimal amount unless they voted together to endorse the company's plan, according to filing.
Alex Bumazhny with Fitch Ratings said the filing made sense since the aim would be to increase the value of the company's operating division. It's something other casino companies have been pursuing, including Penn National Gaming Inc. and Pinnacle Entertainment Inc.
He said the proposal still wouldn't steer Caesars away from inevitable bankruptcy since the level of debt has risen so high while the company continues to burn through cash.
"Now the only question is who gets what," he said of Caesars' creditors. Turning the debt-heavy division into a real estate investment trust would boost the value of its assets, allowing the company to offer more to its creditors, be it in cash or new debt, he said.
Caesars stock jumped in afterhours trading after falling 95 cents, or 6.2 percent, to close Wednesday at $14.37. The stock finished the night at $16.97, up 18 percent from the close.

E-business is big biz for VC fundsDelhi cab rape case: What Uber, others say and what they deliver
The nascent but rapidly growing $11-billion domestic e-commerce market continues to draw big-ticket investments. On Wednesday, Delhi-based restaurant discovery service Zomato.com announced raising $60 million at a post-money valuation of $660 million. This round of funding led by Info Edge and Vy Capital, along with existing investor Sequoia, will help Zomato accelerate its global expansion plans and new product development.
Zomato attracting the fresh round of funding follows Japan’s telecom and media major SoftBank late last month pumping in a cumulative
$840 million into Snapdeal and Ola. The total investment in e-commerce firms has already crossed the $3-billion mark in the first 10 months of the year, which is nearly a fivefold jump from 2013.
The e-commerce market in India is projected to reach around $20 billion by 2015, largely fuelled by the growth of internet users and penetration of smartphones along with measures like e-tailers offering consumers the facility of cash on delivery in a country where the usage of credit cards is still not widespread.
What hearten those bullish on e-commerce is the projection by IAMAI and IMRB International on Wednesday that the number of internet users in the country is expected to grow 32% to 302 million this year from 213 million at the end of December last year.
TAGS: Ola Cabs Snapdeal Zomato
More from companies

Global growth: $2tn strain on economyFat places $2tn burden on world economy, says McKinsey report
Scheherazade Daneshkhu, Consumer Industries Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/177ef226-700f-11e4-bc6a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama prepares for immigration showdownObama set for US immigration showdown
Megan Murphy in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/310f3414-7030-11e4-bc6a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Colombian rebels agree to free hostagesColombian rebels agree to free hostages
Andres Schipani in Bogotá
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f0c53086-7055-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Anonymous e-mail claims inaction by Infosys against group CFO on overbilling Apple IncDelhi cab rape case: What Uber, others say and what they deliver
The abrupt exit of Infosys BPO chief executive officer (CEO) and chief financial officer (CFO) has raised further questions on the procedures and financial controls at India’s second-largest IT services exporter, according to an anonymous e-mail sent to media houses here. The e-mail claims that the issue relating to over-billing of Infosys BPO customer — Apple — over a period of 18 months had the oversight of the top management.
“This is a very serious failure of internal controls and procedures. When the management knew about this several months ago, why proper disclosure on lack of internal controls was made in the filings with SEC. The CEO and CFO of the group certifies under section 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley act on the effectiveness of internal controls in all its filings with SEC,” the e-mail said.
An Infosys spokesperson in reply to FE queries said, “The financial irregularities are not material in nature and the company has already made the required disclosures. The company has taken disciplinary action on employees. We will not be able to comment on client specific matters or on investigation as they are confidential in nature.
The anonymous e-mail claimed that the there was inaction on part of Infosys against the Group CFO of the company as he did not identify and report these alleged internal controls weakness.
TAGS: Apple Infosys
More from companies

Masala bonds: An interesting flavor to India s growth storyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rabobank  EID Parry  WWF India enter into pact for sustainable cane productionRabobank, EID Parry, WWF India enter into pact for sustainable cane production
L N Revathy
Tweet
Coimbatore, Nov 20:  
Rabobank, EID Parry and WWF India have signed an agreement to collaborate on sustainable production of sugarcane and work towards reducing business risk in the face of high water and carbon footprint.
The initiative, a strategic alliance between the three institutions, aims to support businesses towards implementing sustainable practices.
Production issues
Partners to the agreement say that the partnership would produce tools that would track and measure issues related to sugarcane production - water use and green house gas (GHG) emissions and advise on efficient management of water along the supply chain.
The three-year project is expected to be carried out across EID Parry’s sites in southern India, with Rabobank being the facilitator and WWF-India providing the knowledge input.
The project would undertake an assessment of water availability risk, water footprint sustainability and an estimation of the GHG footprint and carbon reduction potential in sugarcane cultivation practices. Recommendations for the improved production systems would be formulated following these assessments.
The recommendations would be tested through pilot projects before being scaled up.
The project has been proposed to be executed in EID Parry’s select facilities in Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
Rabobank strategy
Surojit Shome, Chief Executive, Rabobank India, said that this project would be an integral part of Rabobank’s broader food and agri-business strategy of increasing food availability in an environmentally sustainable way. "We are certain that this project will enhance our client’s overall performance in a responsible and efficient manner.''
Sejal Worah, WWF India, said the partnership with EID Parry and Rabobank would help a develop decision-making tool which can be widely used by business and finance sector for sustainable water and carbon management.
V Ramesh, Managing Director, EID Parry, said that this partnership would enable EID Parry to address two main issues pertinent to cane cultivation in the sugar industry i.e. water and carbon footprint.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Gross loan portfolio of MFIs up 47% in Q2Gross loan portfolio of MFIs up 47% in Q2
G Naga Sridhar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov 20:  
The aggregate gross loan portfolio of Microfinance Institutions (MFIs) has grown by 47 per cent Rs 28,800 crore in the second quarter ended September 30, 2014, compared to the year-ago period.
The non-performing portfolio of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana was not included in this.
As per the data released by the Microfinance Institutions Network (MFIN) in its MicroMeter, over 27.9 million clients were provided micro credit during the period under study marking an increase of 23 per cent. Funding to MFIs also grew 172 per cent.
“My sense is that the current fiscal will not merely push the industry numbers to historic highs but strongly demonstrate what the industry is capable of, particularly in the overall context of financial inclusion agenda of the Government of India and the RBI,” Alok Prasad, Chief Executive Officer, MFIN, said in a release.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Rampal arrested from ashram  to be produced in court todayCongress brings politics to Uber cabs Delhi rape case, blasts Narendra Modi for 'Achche din'
In more trouble for controversial ‘godman’ Rampal, the Punjab and Haryana High Court today cancelled his bail in a 2006 murder case, a day after he was nabbed, even as police flushed out more people from his ashram.
The 63-year-old, who kept Haryana authorities on tenterhooks for a fortnight and triggered a major law and order situation, was apprehended last night in connection with non-bailable warrants issued against him by the High Court for not appearing in a contempt of court case.
His supporters had clashed with security personnel leaving 200 people injured when attempt was made to arrest him on November 18. Six persons had also died and the cause of their death was being probed.
Rampal, who had refused to appear before the High Court citing ill-health, was taken for a mandatory medical test at a government hospital in Panchkula today and all his health parameters were found to be “stable”.
The high court had suo motu taken up the issue of cancellation of bail in the murder case on November 10 when Rampal failed to appear in the contempt case.
The bench comprising of Justices M Jeyapaul and Darshan Singh today pronounced the cancellation of bail immediately after Haryana Advocate General and Station House Officer (SHO) of Barwala Police Station in Hisar moved an application stating that Rampal had been arrested in a contempt of court case.
Rampal was on bail in connection with a case of murder registered in 2006 after a clash at his Ashram at Kainthola in Rohtak district where one person had died and some others were injured.
The HC today ordered that he be arrested immediately in the murder case.
At his Satlok Ashram in Barwala, followers were gradually coming out and claimed that they were being held hostage by the self-styled ‘godman’ and his henchmen but Rampal claimed the allegations were false.
“Yeah jhuthee ilzaam hein (these are false allegations),” he told reporters while he was being taken from the hospital after his medical examination.
The court, which had earlier directed that Rampal be produced on November 21, accepted a Harya police application and asked it to produce him at 2 PM today.
Meanwhile, security personnel were treading with caution before launching a full-scale search at the ashram, spread in a 12-acre area, as they suspect some staunch supporters and members of his “private commandos” were still inside.
The self styled ‘godman’ had failed to appear before the High Court on three dates – November 5, November 10 and November 17- and was facing non-bailable warrants.
Authorities had slapped sedition and other serious charges against him and several of his followers following the violence.
TAGS: Rampal
More from miscellaneous
Sonia Gandhi decides not to celebrate her birthday Congress President Sonia Gandhi, who turns 68 tomorrow, will not celebrate her birthday in view of terror and Naxal attacks...

Sharad Pawar puts poll fear in Shiv SenaCongress brings politics to Uber cabs Delhi rape case, blasts Narendra Modi for 'Achche din'
The Uddhav Thackeray-led Shiv Sena today hit out at Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) Sharad Pawar after he asked his party to be ready for snap poll in Maharashtra, saying he “is known for playing politics of distrust” and was trying to take advantage of the current instability.
Though NCP declared unconditional outside support to the minority Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government the day Assembly poll threw up a hung verdict, party chief Sharad Pawar yesterday said that the state government’s stability was not NCP’s responsibility and asked party workers to be ready to face a snap poll.
“Sharad Pawar is taking advantage of this unstable government, but the Shiv Sena will stand firmly here. Let Pawar do whatever he wishes to. The Sena is fulfilling its role as an Opposition party honestly and with utmost sincerity,” an editorial in Sena mouthpiece ‘Saamana’ said.
The Sena alleged that Pawar “is known for playing politics of distrust”, which is why he first gave support to the BJP and is now apparently threatening to withdraw it.
“Pawar thinks he can play politics as he wishes to and turn the political situation upside down. He wants to keep the future of the new government in his hands with 41 MLAs he has. Unstable government is the foundation of his politics. But the picture he has presented of the current political situation is laughable,” the Sena said.
Pawar’s words should not be taken seriously as he has a habit of saying something and doing something else, it said.
“He has the habit of creating an air of confusion and then gaining politically from it. This is his politics of survival,” the editorial said.
BJP has 121 MLAs in the Assembly having an effective strength of 287. With the backing of 41-member NCP, it had a comfortable majority. However, if NCP decides to withdraw support, it will be well short of the magic figure of 144 despite the backing of seven independents and some from smaller parties.
TAGS: Maharashtra Nationalist Congress Party Sharad Pawar Shiv Sena Uddhav Thackeray
More from miscellaneous
Sonia Gandhi decides not to celebrate her birthday Congress President Sonia Gandhi, who turns 68 tomorrow, will not celebrate her birthday in view of terror and Naxal attacks...

Asia trading lacklustre after Fed minutesS&P 500 at record after reassuring data
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0215de98-7061-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Game of Thrones to get amovieGame of Thrones'
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: November 20, 2014 10:19 am
British actor Charles Dance, who played Tywin Lannister on TV drama ‘Game of Thrones’, has hinted that the fantasy story by JRR Martin may get a movie.
Dance said producers have been actively discussing a possible movie adaptation. “There’s talk of eventually trying to do a feature film,” the 68-year-old actor told The Daily Beast.
“But I don’t know which of the storylines. There’s so much to cram into a film.” The fantasy drama completed its fourth season currently. The story traces the fortune of many noble families in a fictitious kingdom as they fight for power.
Regular cast members Peter Dinklage, Lena Headey, Emilia Clarke, Kit Harington, and Nikolaj Coster-Waldau are returning for the next season.
Dance, whose character was killed by his son in the fourth season, says his body will make an appearance in the upcoming season.

PWD whips up Rs 3 000-crore projects  just in time forpollsPrint
Written by Shalini Narayan | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 10:19 am
A week after Home Minister Rajnath Singh told government departments to submit a list of their ongoing projects, a review meeting of all departments was held on Wednesday by the chief secretary of Delhi.
It now turns out that just the Public Works Department (PWD) has come up with new projects worth Rs 3,000 crore, foundation stones for which are to be laid before December in the run up to Delhi elections.
Sources said PWD and three Municipal Corporations of Delhi account for the maximum number of ongoing government department projects. The corporations, sources said, account for between Rs 1,000 and Rs 1,500 crore, while other departments have relatively smaller numbers.
Sources said once the list is finalised, it will be submitted to the Lieutenant-Governor, who will review and submit it to Home Minister Rajnath Singh. Singh will then decide which minister or Member of Parliament will lay the foundation stone of each of the projects.
While sources said the agenda of the meetings in the MHA and with the chief secretary was to inaugurate as many projects before December, when the polls are likely to be notified, senior officials denied such a motive. They said that it was mere coincidence that the foundation stone-laying ceremony was coinciding with the pre-election period.
Officials said 20 schools, mostly in Rohini and Dwarka, five colleges and road widening projects of the PWD are ongoing with the tender and work contracts having been awarded. While the school projects account for Rs 340 crore, The New Delhi district court project accounts for Rs 305 crore.
Officials said the list will be finalised only after clearance from the LG. “The sanctions for most of these projects were received recently. The building plans have been approved. The foundation stone-laying ceremony is just a way of telling people that the department is working on several projects which will benefit the public in the long run. It is mere coincidence that the ceremony would clash with the run up to the elections” said a senior government official.
In the meeting held with the MHA last week, sources said, the issue of cluster buses was raised with the DTC, while the issue of water from Haryana was discussed with Delhi Jal Board.
Sources said during the meeting, Rajnath Singh had inquired about the ongoing projects and asked all departments to prepare a list of all those which could be inaugurated at the earliest.

12 Years a Slave director Steve McQueen to direct Paul RobesonbiopicLupita Nyong'o and director Steve McQueen pose with their awards for '12 Years a Slave' backstage at the 2014 Film Independent Spirit Awards in Santa Monica, California March 1, 2014. (Source: Reuters)
By: Press Trust of India | New York | Posted: November 20, 2014 10:17 am
The ’12 Years a Slave’ director Steve McQueen is planning another biopic, this time on civil rights activist Paul Robeson.
The director, whose slavery drama based on a memoir fetched the best film award at the Oscars this year, is developing a movie about real-life actor, singer, and Civil Rights activist Paul Robeson. He announced his next project at the Hidden Heroes Awards in New York.
“It was about this black guy who was in Wales and was singing with these miners,” McQueen said.
“I was about 14 years old, and not knowing who Paul Robeson was, this black American in Wales, it seemed strange. So then, of course, I just found out that this man was an incredible human being.”

Playing Farmville on Facebook cements familialbondsDo not fret if your child is playing Farmville on Facebook with his/her siblings or cousins.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Toronto | Posted: November 20, 2014 10:13 am
 
Do not fret if your child is playing Farmville on Facebook with his/her siblings or cousins. This will only cement the bond between them in the long run.
New research shows that beyond being a fun distraction, social network games (SNGs) can offer family members a meaningful way to interact and meet social obligations.
“These interactions prove social networks are tools that break down both communication and age barriers,” said researcher Kelly Boudreau, research fellow at the Concordia University’s Technoculture, Art and Games Centre in Quebec.
For the study, Boudreau and senior author Mia Consalvo, Canada research chair in game studies and design at the Concordia University conducted a poll among a group of social network gamers.
Using a questionnaire and follow-up interviews, the researchers explored what it means to interact with family members via SNGs.
They found that these online games offer families a common topic of conversation and enhance the quality of time spent together, despite the fact that most SNGs do not necessarily involve any direct communication.
The games can also bring together family members who may be only distantly connected, with respondents citing experiences such as connecting with long-lost cousins or bolstering relationships with ageing aunts.
“Maintaining connections is especially important as families find themselves dispersed across countries and continents. SNGs give families a convenient and cheap way to transcend geographical boundaries,” added Consalvo.
Families that play together play the longest and have the greatest sense of duty to one another as players.
With online games like Candy Crush Saga increasingly replacing traditional board games, SNGs are quickly becoming an important way to interact socially.
“It’s not just siblings in their early 20s using SNGs to connect. Grandfathers are playing online games with granddaughters, mothers with sons. These multi-generational interactions prove social networks are tools that break down both communication and age barriers,” Boudreau said.
The paper was reported in the journal Information, Communication and Society.

Southern actress Nikesha Patel injured on filmsetsSouthern actress Nikesha Patel's first tryst with horse riding on the sets of her Kannada film "Aaalone" and Tamil thriller "Karaioram" has left her badly bruised.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai | Posted: November 20, 2014 10:10 am
Southern actress Nikesha Patel’s first tryst with horse riding on the sets of her Kannada film “Aaalone” and Tamil thriller “Karaioram” has left her badly bruised.
“Horse riding for the first time in #Aaalone and #Karaioram sets. Badly bruised (sic),” Nikesha tweeted Wednesday.
Nikesha, who is currently enjoying the successful run of her Kannada film “Namaste Madam”, has Tamil films “Narathan” and “Sigandi” in the pipeline.
Nikesha is also awaiting the release of Telugu film “RUM”.

Delhi: Scholar from Manipur founddeadPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 10:09 am
A 33-year-old PhD scholar from Manipur was found murdered with his neck slashed at his residence in south Delhi’s Kotla Mubarakpur area on Wednesday night.
The deceased, identified as Zingram Kengo, was from Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS), Mumbai. He had come to Delhi just months ago and was living in Kotla Mubarakpur in a rented accommodation.
“The body was found last night in a pool of blood on the mat by his landlord’s brother at around 9:30 pm. Police were informed at 10 PM following which a team was rushed to the spot,” said a police official.
Crime and forensic teams visited the spot and collected evidence.
The body has been sent for postmortem and his family has been informed.
“Prima facie, it does not appear linked to robbery. We are investigating the case from all possible angles,” he said.
A case of murder has been registered and further investigation is on, police said.

Low Vitamin D levels may lead to earlydeathVitamin D deficiency can also result in various other diseases leading to an early death, research shows.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | London | Posted: November 20, 2014 10:07 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 10:11 am
Vitamin D deficiency is not just bad for your bone health, it can also result in various other diseases leading to an early death, research shows.
The study based on examination of genes has established for the first time a causal relationship between low Vitamin D levels and increased mortality, the researchers claimed.
“We can see that genes associated with low Vitamin D levels involve an increased mortality rate of 30 percent and, more specifically, a 40 percent higher risk of cancer-related deaths,” said Shoaib Afzal, medical doctor at Herlev Hospital, Copenhagen University Hospital in Denmark.
“An important factor in our study is that we have established a causal relationship,” Afzal added.
When the sun shines on our skin, the skin produces Vitamin D. Evidence suggests that sunshine has a positive effect on our health, but sunburns must be avoided as they increase the risk of skin cancer.
A diet rich in Vitamin D or the intake of Vitamin D supplements can also cover our need to some extent.
The study involved 96,000 people from large-scale population studies in Denmark.
Vitamin D levels were measured using blood samples from the studies, and specific genetic defects were examined. All participants were followed for mortality from 1976 until 2014.
“Our study shows that low Vitamin D levels do result in higher mortality rates,” Borge Nordestgaard from University of Copenhagen said.

With three more deaths  dengue toll reaches18Print
Written by Tabassum Barnagarwala | Mumbai | Posted: November 20, 2014 10:06 am
With dengue claiming three more lives in the city, the death toll due to the the mosquito-borne viral infection in Mumbai has reached 18 so far this year.
While 35-year-old Vijay Bhosale succumbed Wednesday in Bandra’s Holy Family hospital, a minor girl hailing from Uttar Pradesh and admitted in KEM hospital died Tuesday  after battling with dengue haemorrhagic fever. Additionally, on October 31, Khushboonissa Ansari (31) passed away in Ghatkopar’s Ashirwad Heart hospital. A team of BMC officials collected Ansari’s report on Wednesday to update the dengue statistics.
The latest deaths have still not been confirmed by the BMC’s health department. While the Ashirwad hospital claimed to have notified the Ansari’s death immediately to the civic body, Dr Mangala Gomare, deputy executive health officer at BMC, said, “We were not aware of Ansari’s death. It will now be investigated by a committee to ascertain whether the cause of death was dengue.”
Officially, the BMC has put dengue death toll at 10.
Ansari, a Govandi resident, was diagnosed with dengue and admitted in a rural hospital for treatment in the last week of October. When her condition deteriorated, her family shifted her to Asha Poly Clinic and later at Sheetal nursing home in Ghatkopar East. “She was transferred to our hospital on October 30 when she became unconscious. She was brought to us in a critical condition and was not breathing,” said Dr N Kumar from Ashirwad hospital.
On October 31, after six hours of ventilator support, Ansari was declared dead at 6.20 am. According to another doctor from the hospital, she suffered from fits during her admission in Asha Poly Clinic.
Ansari’s husband Ain-ul-haq said, “On October 28, she tested positive. Her blood pressure had dropped very low. We admitted her in Noor hospital but as her condition worsened, we decided to shift her to another hospital.”
Bhosle, who worked as a housekeeper in Khar, was admitted in Bandra’s Holy Family Hospital on November 14 after he complained of fever, chills and body pain. “On the same day, tests results showed him dengue positive. Within three days, his condition worsened,” said Samir More, Bhosale’s relative. According to documents with Newsline, Bhosale was referred to KEM hospital’s intensive care unit after his brain stem reflexes stopped working.
Like Ansari, he was declared brain-dead after ventilator support failed to improve his medical parameters. Bhosle is survived by his wife and two young children, a five-year-old girl and a three-year-old boy.
Dr J P Jadwani, who treated Bhosle, said, “The cause of death is dengue fever with multiple organ failure. Even his brain stopped responding.”
According to data gathered from the civic health department, the city has recorded over 4,000 dengue cases in both, public and private hospitals. The three deaths are currently under investigation by a committee set up by the BMC.
tabassum.barnagarwala@expressindia.com

Australias tormentor Younis passes 1000 runs in 2014Younis passes 1000 runs in 2014
Stats highlights from the third day of the second Test between Pakistan and New Zealand in Dubai.
By Bishen Jeswant | ESPNcricinfo –  Thu 20 Nov, 2014 8:24 AM IST
Tweet
0
1015 Runs scored by Younis Khan from eight Tests in 2014. He is the fourth batsman to hit the landmark in 2014, with the other three being Sri Lankans - Kumar Sangakkara , Mahela Jayawardene and Angelo Mathews . Younis is the only one to have played less than ten Tests though.
6 Number of fifty-plus scores for Azhar Ali from seven Tests this year. Five of them have come in his last seven innings. He has scored 701 runs this year, including three hundreds at an average of 58.4.
Younis Khan: Pakistan's run machine. (Getty Images)
113 The third-wicket partnership between Younis and Azhar. This is Pakistan's sixth century partnership for the third wicket against New Zealand in home/neutral conditions, and 14th overall.
4 Number of hundred partnerships between Younis and Azhar in 2014. No other pair has more such stands this year and among the five others who have more than two century stands in 2014, Younis and Azhar are the only ones without a fifty.
5 Number of sixes hit during Pakistan's innings so far, two by Younis, and one each by Azhar, Asad Shafiq and Misbah-ul-Haq . All of them came off Mark Craig's bowling.
668 Number of Test runs scored by Younis Khan in the last month. He has scored a fifty and four hundreds, including a double-ton, in this period. For context, England's Ian Bell has scored 669 runs in the last 12 months.
3453 Balls between Azhar's last two sixes in Tests, both of which were at Dubai. He hit one six during his innings of 75, and the one before that came against England in 2012, when he made 157 in Pakistan's second innings. Overall, it was Azhar's fourth six in Tests.
0 Prior instances of New Zealand and Pakistan batting 100-plus overs in the first innings of a Test played in Pakistan or the UAE. New Zealand played 156 overs in their first innings, while Pakistan have played 109 so far. However, there have been nine instances of this happening when both teams have played in New Zealand.
5.6 Pakistan's run-rate during the last eight overs of the second day when they scored 45 runs. Prior to that, Pakistan made 236 from 101 overs, at a run-rate of 2.3
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Revealed: Why SpiceJet is suddenly in damage control mode20 days ago, ET NOW
Spicejet in damage control mode
More on ET NOW:
ET NOW - 6 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Sell rupee on uptick; 60-63/$ to be range till yr-end: HDFCThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sensex trades flat; auto stocks dipThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sensex up 85 points in morning trade on Asian cuesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rupee Down 10 Paise Against DollarThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Gulf Oil Corporation s director Vinoo S Hinduja resignsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bosch stock surges 4%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rampal has Maoist links  say Haryana police after Hisar ashram crackdownThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Select mining  metal stocks up on coal blocks auction draft rulesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Yes 25 is next support level.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Marksans is fundamentally stronger alok....better results...you cannot...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy patel eng company intra day tgt 121Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

All investors  please check the media relase statement of tiilCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Montreal Protocol: 200 countries agree to hold informal talks on hydrofluorocarbons issue200 countries agree to hold informal talks on hydrofluorocarbons issue
Aesha Datta
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 20:  
A breakthrough in the deadlock over greenhouse gas hydroflurocarbons (HFCs) happened late Wednesday evening at the UN's Montreal Protocol on ozone depleting substances with nearly 200 countries agreeing to hold "informal discussions".
The developing nations fighting to keep HFCs out of the Protocol, which deals with production as well as consumption of ozone depleting gases, were able to buy some time with the European Union proposing an amendment to only hold informal discussions on the contentious issue.
Phase-out of hydrochlorofluorcarbons
The proposed draft says countries will hold "informal discussions on mechanisms for ensuring a sustainable phase-out of HCFCs in Article 5 countries as well as all issues in relation to management of HFCs for all parties and how to address HFC management in 2015." Article 5 countries include mostly developing nations.
Though this is a dilution of the proposal made by the US and other countries, which called for a contact group to hold negotiations on amending the Montreal Protocol to bring hydrochlorofluorocarbons (or HCFCs) and HFCs under it, the agreement by developing countries as well as Gulf nations, including Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, to hold informal talks at the Montreal Protocol is being seen as a step forward.
Avipsa Mahapatra, International Climate Policy Analyst at Environmental Investigation Agency, said, "All the sectors dealing with HFCs today were also the ones dealing with CFCs. So, it makes sense for it to be dealt with under the Montreal Protocol, which already has the institutions and mechanisms for phasing out HFCs."
Amendment of Montreal Protocol
Many policy-makers at the talks being held in Paris also felt that India's decision to not oppose discussions on HFCs at the Montreal Protocol was a leap forward. India had been leading the countries opposed to the amendment to the Protocol for the last six years. However, following bilateral talks between India and the US, India has now softened its stance.
On Wednesday, Jordan was leading the Gulf countries in opposing the formation of contact group for negotiations on HFCs. These countries, along with other developing nations such as Venezuela and Argentina, have not agreed to any formal meetings, or formation of contact groups for negotiations on the issue.
"The deadlock continues but we are better placed today than we were six months ago," Bhaskar Deol, India Representative at the Natural Resources Defense Council, said.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Sensex trading flat on weak global cuesSensex ends marginally in the green
Our Bureau/Reuters
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 20:  
The Sensex and the Nifty ended the session near flat due to lack of directional cues from the global market.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex ended at 28,067.56, up 34.71 points and the 50-share NSE index Nifty ended at 8,401.90, up 19.6 points.
Among BSE sectoral indices, IT index was the star-performer and was up 1.27 per cent, followed by healthcare 0.98 per cent and TECk 0.81 per cent. On the other hand, consumer durables index fell the most by 1.72 per cent, followed by realty 1.52 per cent and metal 0.84 per cent.
Cipla, SBIN, Wipro, TCS and Tata Power were the top five Sensex gainers, while the major losers were SSLT, NTPC, BHEL, M&M and Bharti Airtel.
A report by Equentis Capital said: "Global cues will set the market trend. Geopolitical tensions between Russia and Ukraine could increase the demand of precious metals and crude globally. Domestic and foreign investors will closely focus on policy announcement as winter session of Parliament is going to start on November 24, 2014 and end on December 23, 2014."
Global stocks
World stocks extended losses on Thursday as evidence suggested both the Chinese and European economies were slowing, while the yen slid to multi-year lows against the dollar and euro.
The China flash HSBC/Markit manufacturing purchasing managers' index showed factory output contracted in the world's second-biggest economy for the first time in six months.
In Europe, signs were just as gloomy as the private sector in its biggest economy, Germany, grew at the slowest rate in 16 months, and in France a slight pick-up was overshadowed by the fastest drop in new business in over a year.
China's data had left Asian stocks excluding Japan's high-flying Nikkei at a month low, and Europe's dour figures saw its main stock markets in London, Frankfurt and Paris tumble 0.4, 0.6 and 0.8 per cent, respectively.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Infosys BPO sacks CFOUpdated: November 18, 2014 22:55 IST
Infosys BPO sacks CFO
management change
The company also announced the resignation of the current CEO of Infosys BPO Gautam Thakkar with effect from November 30, for taking the responsibility on moral grounds.
Infosys BPO on Tuesday asked its Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Abraham Mathews to resign from the service for not complying with the code of conduct of the company. “This departure is in keeping with the company’s goal of setting the highest standards of corporate governance and adhering to the letter and spirit of the company's code of conduct,” the company said in a statement to the BSE.
The company also announced the resignation of the current CEO of Infosys BPO Gautam Thakkar with effect from November 30, for taking the responsibility on moral grounds.
Mr. Thakkar was appointed as the CEO and MD of Infosys BPO in 2013 after the retirement of Swami Swaminathan from the company. Mr. Thakkar, joined Infosys in 2000, was one of the founding employees of Infosys BPO, when it started as a subsidiary of Infosys in 2002.
The board of Infosys has also appointed Anup Uppadhayay as the new Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of the BPO division of the company, the company filing added. Mr Uppadhayay, who has been associated with the company for the last 21 years is now the Senior Vice President and Global Head of delivery of financial services. The company has also appointed Deepak Bhalla as the new Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Bhalla joined Infosys in 1998 and most recently served as the Associate Vice-President and head of corporate accounting group.

Researchers Find Bed Bugs Could Carry A Deadly DiseaseResearchers Find Bed Bugs Could Carry A Deadly Disease
Posted:
Updated:
11/17/2014  7:59 pm EST
Bed bugs frequently defecate close to where they dine on mammals -- big and small.  | Penn Medicine/Robert Press
reddit
As bed bug infestations have continued to crop up in firehouses , schools , movie theaters and homes across the country, a team of researchers is now warning that these proliferating pests could prove to be more than just an itchy, pricey nuisance.
According to a new study published on Monday, bed bugs are capable of transmitting a parasite that causes Chagas disease, an infection that in some cases can lead to cardiac or intestinal complications. The infection is found most commonly in Mexico, Central American and South America, but has been increasing its foothold in the U.S.
"There are a lot of people with Chagas disease, and a lot of bed bugs. They are in our houses, in our beds -- and in high numbers," said Michael Levy, a researcher at University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine and senior author on the new paper. He also co-authored a report in January that found bed bug populations in Philadelphia are growing by 70 percent a year.
"But no one seems worried," he added. "We always hear that the bugs don't seem to be carrying anything."
On their website, after lamenting that bed bugs "are resurging, causing property loss, expense, and inconvenience," the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention goes on to offer some "good news" -- "Bed bugs do not transmit disease." The CDC declined to comment on the new study, which details a series of experiments that suggests bed bugs and mice are capable of transmitting Chagas disease to one another.
Levy emphasized that the research does not prove bed bugs are actually transmitting Chagas to humans. Other researchers underscored the same point. Richard Pollack, a public health entomologist and instructor at Harvard University, said the work is "compelling," but remains hesitant to call bed bugs a vector of the disease.
"The bigger issue is the incredibly exaggerated response to bed bugs both in terms of financial outlay, misuse of pesticides and emotional baggage," said Pollack. "So many people have become so fearful of bed bugs and, sadly, they're going to suffer when they hear the results of this paper." He recommended that anyone concerned about an infestation should contact a local pest control professional.
Michael Levy has studied Chagas disease for the past 10 years, and now believes bed bugs could play a role. (Penn Medicine/Robert Press)
Melissa Nolan Garcia, a Chagas expert at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, believes the triatomine insect -- more commonly known as the "kissing bug" -- remains the most worrisome carrier of Chagas. The blood-suckers get their name from their tendency to bite people around the mouth, usually at night. As a result, the bug's feces can make its way into the victim, often escorting the parasite that causes Chagas.
Nolan Garcia added that there is "strong evidence" that the total number of Chagas infections in the U.S. exceeds the CDC's current estimate of 300,000. That figure is based on immigrants from Latin America, where the disease is endemic. Nolan suggested many more cases have likely been acquired in the U.S., beginning with the first known locally acquired Chagas infection in 1955.
In early November, after presenting her findings on the threat of Chagas in the U.S., Nolan Garcia recalled someone raising to her the possibility of bed bugs, too, spreading the disease. The next morning, she awoke to bed bug bites in her New Orleans hotel room.
Nolan Garcia said she is not discounting the possibility suggested by the new study. "It wouldn't surprise me that another insect could carry it as well," she said.
The bed bug shares much in common with its cousin, the kissing bug, and had already been a suspected player in Chagas disease. By tediously squeezing poo out of bed bugs with tweezers, Levy's team found that the parasite replicated well in the gut of bed bugs. Further, they showed that the insect frequently defecates near where it eats, and that mice can contract Chagas if contaminated bed bug feces come into contact with their bitten, broken skin.
Levy suggested that, compared to the kissing bug, the bed bug may have more frequent contact with humans and could prove harder to kill due to resistance to common insecticides. "If they do transmit Chagas, they may be more dangerous than kissing bugs," he said.
"Never before have there been so many bed bugs and so many people with [Chagas] infection in such close contact," added Levy. "As we've seen over and over again in bug-borne diseases, the bugs spread first and then the parasite comes, and then the parasite emerges in the bugs."
Levy said that has been the timeline for many Chagas epidemics in Latin America, where an estimated 8 million people are currently infected with Chagas and approximately 50,000 die each year, usually from the toll the disease takes on the heart.
The bottom line, Nolan Garcia said, is that more needs to be learned about both the disease and its carriers. Because Chagas often doesn't present obvious symptoms -- sometimes for decades after infection -- and given that screening typically occurs when people donate blood, she noted, it's difficult to get an accurate count of or adequate medical care for victims. Treatment does exist, but is generally effective only when taken early in the course of the disease.
More:

BSE Sensex slips from peak  NSE Nifty closes below 8 400 on profit-takingAfter hitting new peak in the opening trade, Sensex succumbed to profit-booking and selling by foreign funds at record levels.
By: PTI | Mumbai | Posted: November 19, 2014 10:43 am | Updated: November 19, 2014 5:08 pm
The benchmark BSE Sensex today logged new lifetime high of 28,294.01 but retreated after a late fall gripped stocks to end 130 points down at 28,032.85, amid profit-taking in bluechips from metal, power and oil&gas space.
The BSE 30-share barometer, after hitting the new peak in the opening trade, succumbed to profit-booking and selling by foreign funds at record levels. At one point, it slipped below the 28,000-mark to touch the day’s low of 27,963.51.
The gauge settled 130.44 points, or 0.46 per cent, lower at 28,032.85. Yesterday, it had touched intra-day high of 28,282.85 but had ended with a loss of 14.59 points.
Major losers that pulled down Sensex and Nifty from record highs included Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, GAIL, BHEL, Tata Motors, NTPC, Sun Pharma, ONGC, CIL, RIL and SBI.
Similarly, the NSE 50-scrip index Nifty after scaling a new peak of 8,455.65 at the outset, beating previous record of 8,454.50 touched yesterday, fell. It ended below the 8,400-mark to close with a loss of 43.60 points, or 0.52 per cent, at 8,382.30. Intra-day, it had touched a low of 8360.50.
Traders said besides profit-booking, a mixed trend in global markets ahead of the release of minutes of Federal Reserve policy meeting, led to the fall in Indian shares.
“Market remained in a very narrow range for most part of the trading session and corrected in the last 90 minutes of the trading session. Stocks that were top performing in the first half of the trading session, were the ones that corrected the most in the second half of the trading session,” said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
The local currency also appeared to be having a bad day with rupee trading near 62-levels against the US dollar.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth Rs 101.98 crore yesterday, first net sales in almost 3 weeks.
Sectorally, the BSE Metal index suffered the most by losing 2.14 per cent, followed by Power index which fell 1.80 per cent, Oil & Gas index by 1.35 per cent, Consumer Durables by 1.22 per cent and Realty index by 0.99 per cent.
Selling activity also gained momentum in small and mid-cap sector stocks. The BSE Small-cap index lost 0.65 per cent and Mid-cap index fell 0.63 per cent.
Bucking the trend, Dr Reddy, HUL, HDFC, Bajaj Auto, Airtel, L&T, Infosys and ICICI Bank ended up.

Ranbaxy stock falls 5%  mcap down Rs 1 072 croreRanbaxy stock falls 5 per cent, mcap down Rs 1,072 crore
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 19, 2014  | 17:33 IST
Shares of Ranbaxy Laboratories slumped nearly 5 per cent on Wednesday as the company sued USFDA over revoking an approval to sell generic versions of two drugs-digestive disorder medicine Nexium and anti-viral Valcyte-in the US market.
Also, the drug maker is being moved out of the National Stock Exchange's CNX Nifty Junior index, which stoked selling pressure, brokers said.
Shares of Ranbaxy tanked 4.15 per cent to settle at Rs 602.65 on the BSE. In intra-day, the stock tumbled 5.11 per cent to Rs 596.60.
At the NSE, it closed 4.85 per cent lower at Rs 598.55. The company's market valuation fell by Rs 1,072.11 crore to Rs 25,586.89 crore.
In terms of volume, 2.91 lakh shares of the company changed hands at the BSE, while over 25 lakh shares were traded at the NSE.
As per the lawsuit filed in the US District Court of Columbia, the company seeks immediate judicial review of a November 4 decision of the US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) that stripped Ranbaxy of its statutory rights and literally hundreds of millions of dollars in anticipated revenues for certain generic versions of the brand-name drugs Nexium and Valcyte.
While revoking Ranbaxy's approval for the two drugs, the USFDA had cited adverse compliance status of Ranbaxy's Paonta and Dewas facilities and it was accordingly ...correcting its mistake and rescinding the tentative approval letters issued regarding these ANDAs.
Ranbaxy Laboratories is being moved out of the National Stock Exchange's CNX Nifty Junior index and would be replaced by Reliance Infrastructure.
The changes have been made on account of proposed scheme of amalgamation with Sun Pharmaceuticals Industries Ltd, as per the changes announced on Wednesday by India Index Services & Products Ltd (IISL), a subsidiary of NSE Strategic Investment Corporation Ltd. These changes would be effective from November 28, 2014.

Govt to amend Lokpal selection processNew Delhi, November 18, 2014
Updated: November 20, 2014 00:21 IST
Govt to amend Lokpal selection process
Krishnadas Rajagopal
A view of Parliament House in Delhi. The Law Ministry has finalised a proposal to amend the Lokpal and Lokayukta Act and the Delhi Special Police Establishment (DSPE) Act to insert a clause. File photo Rajeev Bhatt
TOPICS
laws
Move to do away with need for quorum in selection panels
Union Law Minister D.V. Sadananda Gowda on Wednesday confirmed the government’s decision to amend the provisions of the Lokpal Act and the Delhi Special Police Establishment Act to do away with the requirement of quorum in the high-profile committees to select the anti-corruption ombudsman and the CBI Director, respectively.
The inclusion of a clause in the statutory provisions dealing with the selection panels would provide a legal safeguard against any challenges on the validity of an appointment.
Mr. Gowda said necessary amendments would also be made in the statutes to include the leader of the single largest group in the Opposition as a member of the selection committee in the absence of a recognised Leader of the Opposition in the Lok Sabha.
This would bring these statutes in line with the Central Vigilance Act, 2003 and Right to Information Act, 2005.
On the ratification process of the National Judicial Appointments Commission Bill, the Minister said he has written to Chief Ministers to ratify the Bill at the earliest.
At least 15 States have to ratify the Bill for it to be made law. Noting that three States have so far ratified the Bill, he referred to reports in the media that the Gujarat Assembly has also followed suit.
Dismissing apprehensions that the Bill threatens judicial independence, he said, “We have the highest regard for the independence of the judiciary.”
Mr Gowda said the government was considering a proposal to increase the retirement age of high court judges from 62 to 65, and also increase the number of high court judges from the present strength of 925 to 1,112.
The Minister said a National Litigation Policy is being framed and inputs have been sought from various Ministries to reduce the backlog in the courts.
He emphasised that alternative dispute redressal mechanisms like arbitration and conciliation should be used more often to resolve disputes arising within government departments and bodies.

German envoy visits Sanskrit SansthanNEW DELHI, November 20, 2014
Updated: November 20, 2014 00:26 IST
German envoy visits Sanskrit Sansthan
Gargi Parsai
German Ambassador to India, Michael Steiner
TOPICS
curriculum
RSS ideologue was present at meeting
In the middle of the ongoing row over replacing German with Sanskrit as a third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas, German Ambassador Michael Steiner on Wednesday reached out to members of the Rashtriya Sanskrit Sansthan, a government agency dedicated to the promotion of Sanskrit learning.
Among those present at the meeting was RSS ideologue Dina Nath Batra, who has been in the eye of a storm over his recommendations for revamping the curriculum in NCERT books.
Leading a delegation, Mr. Steiner sought more cooperation for promotion of Sanskrit and German languages that had a lot in common.
“I visited the Sanskrit Sansthan to express solidarity with Sanskrit language with which we have common roots,” he told The Hindu.
Sanskrit Sansthan officials explained to the German side that the agreement signed between India and Germany in 2011 for teaching German as a third language in KVs was due for renewal, but the government had not agreed to it.
The German side agreed that things should happen as per Indian laws and sought more cultural exchanges between German and Sanskrit scholars for closer ties between the two sides to which the Sansthan members agreed.
Mr. Steiner proposed a conference for promotion of German and Sanskrit cultural ties.

Rupee plunges to trade at near 9-month lowForex update: Rupee recovers from 9-month low, ends at 61.94 against US dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 18:39 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee on Thursday slumped to a nine-month low of 62.25 against the dollar but recovered marginally to end at 61.94 against the Greenback on suspected selling of the US currency by state-run banks on behalf of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and mild recovery in stocks.
The privous low logged by the Indian rupee was at 62.45 against the American unit in mid-session of February 20, 2014.
Sustained capital inflows, although in small lots in the last couple of days, also helped the domestic currency to recover some lost ground but a stronger dollar overseas capped the rise in the rupee, a forex dealer said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the rupee commenced lower at 62.03 per dollar from its previous close of 61.96 on Wednesday and dipped to a nine-month low of 62.25 on strong dollar demand from oil companies.
The local unit managed to rebound and settle at 61.94 for the day, snapping the 5-session losing streak.
The rupee had lost 45 paise or 0.73 per cent in last five consecutive sessions.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said, "The rupee traded weak... Made nine-months low, taking cues from weak local equities and strong dollar. It appreciated towards end due to RBI intervention through state-owned banks."
Among other overseas currencies, the rupee recovered slightly against the pound to 97.10 and recouped to 77.64 per euro. The domestic unit, however, remained firm to close at 52.46 per 100 Japanese yen from 52.68.
Meanwhile, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex snapped its two-day falls and closed 34.71 points (or 0.12 per cent) higher.
Forign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) and Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) bought shares worth US $36.95 million on Wednesday, as per data provided by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
The dollar index was up by 0.10 per cent against its major global rivals. The benchmark six-month premium payable in April ended at 205-207 paise as against 208-210 paise previously.
Forward contracts maturing in October, 2015, closed at 426.5-428.5 as against 429-431 paise on Wednesday.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) fixed the reference rate for dollar at 62.10 and for the Euro at 77.91.

NDMCs kerb stones in saffron and green against safetyrulesPrint
The newly painted kerbs in NDMC area.
Written by Aditi Vatsa | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 10:43 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 10:46 am
 
By Gargi Verma & Aditi Vatsa
Even as Central Delhi begins the kerb stones makeover — paint them saffron and green — the decision, taken by the New Delhi Municipal Council, has come under severe criticism from several quarters, including the traffic police and an NDMC member herself.
Further, the use of regular paints, as opposed to the retro-reflective thermoplastic variety, is considered to violate road rules.
Kerb stones are placed on roads as markers of danger. They are usually painted in ‘black and white’ or ‘black and yellow’. The NDMC had touted the move as an “aesthetic initiative” which would “bring uniformity to the area”.
According to Indian Road Congress, the national body of technical highway engineers, “yellow, white and black are the standard colours used for markings”. The same is stated by the Unified Traffic and Transportation Infrastructure (Planning and Engineering) Centre and International Vienna Convention on Road Signs and Signals, of which India is a ratified member.
“White, yellow and black are most visible in fog and in dark surroundings,” Dr S Velmurugan, HOD of Traffic Engineering and Safety in Central Road Research Institute, said. “Not using them lowers visibility and increases glare, and results in more accidents,” he said.
The colour scheme adopted by NDMC for the kerbs has become a matter of greater concern as visibility in the capital is a huge problem during winter.
BJP MP Meenakshi Lekhi, an NDMC member herself, took up the issue with the Delhi Police Chief and NDMC chairperson. “I wrote to them a week ago but haven’t received any reply yet. I have clearly stated that this is against road safety norms. The paint should have been bright so that drivers who have colour or night blindness do not face difficulty,” Lekhi said.
However, NDMC officials defended their decision and refuted allegations that saffron and green had been chosen because to match the BJP flag.
“Most structures in the NDMC area are made of red sandstone. The NDMC logo is green. So, the colours were chosen. The plan has been discussed since October last year. It does not violate any road safety norms. Reflective stickers have been put up wherever necessary,” an NDMC official said.
Traffic police too condemned the decision, saying it went against the Motor Vehicles Act. Police said they will take up the matter with the Lieutenant-Governor.
Gagri Verma is an intern with The Indian Express

Man held in 1st LSD seizure in city in 2yrsPrint
Written by Srinath Raghvendra Rao | Mumbai | Posted: November 20, 2014 10:41 am
In the second case of seizure of LSD in the past two years in Mumbai, the Anti Narcotics Cell (ANC) of the city police has caught a 27-year-old son of a tailor selling the party drug in Bandra West.
Acting on a tip-off, an ANC team nabbed Mohsin Shaikh near Rizvi College on Carter Road on Sunday afternoon.
“We had information that a man selling LSD would come to a bus stop on Carter Road at 12.40 pm on Sunday. The information proved to be accurate. We found 40 LSD dots worth Rs 60,000 in Shaikh’s possession,” Satish Raorane, senior inspector with Bandra unit of the ANC, said.
The LSD allegedly seized from Shaikh possession is a small strip of paper containing 40 units, the police said. “It looks just like the patch of paper used by doctors to stem blood flow after administering an injection,” said Namdeo Chavan, Deputy Commissioner of Police, ANC.
Shaikh was charged under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act for possessing a commercial quantity of the drug and later remanded to police custody by a local court till Wednesday.
Shaikh lives near Bandra Talao, where his father runs a tailoring shop. “He is a school dropout and is unemployed. He appears to have been selling drugs for a considerable period of time because he knows how and where to attract customers,” Raorane said.
The police are now probing where Shaikh sourced the LSD from and who his customers were.
Sunday’s catch is only the second in Mumbai in two years, the last seizure being in Worli in 2012. “It is very difficult to obtain credible information on LSD. We had information of another transaction a month ago, but the trap did not materialise. Unlike other drugs, it is very hard to detect LSD,” Chavan said.
Raorane said drug dealers were able to hide LSD from law enforcement authorities because of the simplicity in carrying it around. “LSD weighs nothing at all, and papers containing buttons can be concealed anywhere. We can smell when someone is smoking ganja. But LSD has no smell. Also, persons under its influence do not display any immediate signs,” he said.
srinath.rao@expressindia.com

Inner Path Festival of Buddhism kicks offtomorrowA still from The Reincarnation of Khensur Rinpoche
By: Entertainment Feature Service | Posted: November 20, 2014 10:37 am
In Sonthar Gyal’s award-winning film The Sun Beaten Path (2011), a young man walks back home along a lonely mountain highway, as he disguises the guilt of causing his mother’s accidental death. While the picturesque setting of the Gobi desert maybe a welcome distraction for an audience, Gyal’s film focuses on the deeper Buddhist attributes of redemption and contemplation. The film will premiere in India as part of the Inner Path Festival of Buddhism being held at the Alliance Francaise in Delhi, this Friday. “Gyal is a Tibetan filmmaker who lives in Beijing and looks at the larger aspect of Buddhist virtues in his works. Our effort is to screen films and work that open the path to Buddhism,” says Aruna Vasudev, President of the Network for Promotion of Asian Cinema (NETPAC) and director of this festival. “The scale of the festival this year is larger with over 16 feature films and documentaries, with a focus towards drawing more practitioners to Buddhism,” she says.
In its third year, the highlight of this year’s festival will be a performance by Nepalese monk Ani Choying Drolma, the singing nun, who is known for putting her own spin to Buddhist and Tibetan chants; an art exhibition comprising works of 20 known and upcoming artistes such as Arpana Caur, Shefali Munjal, and calligrapher Qamar Dagar; a thangka exhibition by Sidharth; and an exhibition of illustrations to launch the Indian edition of the graphic novel The Magic Life of Milarepa by Chokyi Palmo.
There will be discourses by Tibetan monk Geshe Jangchup Choeden, among other high ranking monks. The closing performance will be by a group of Buddhist nuns, popularly referred to as Kung Fu nuns from the Drukpa sect.
The Inner Path festival will be held between November 21-24 at Alliance Francaise.
Entry is free.

Public hospital toilets: A hotbed ofinfectionsWidows from Vrindavan hold toilet pots at the International Toilet festival to mark the World Toilet day organised by Sulabh International at Central park, Cannaught place in New Delhi on Nov 18th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Written by Tabassum Barnagarwala | Mumbai | Posted: November 20, 2014 10:36 am | Updated: November 21, 2014 6:46 pm
“It’s so dirty. How do people use these hospital toilets without complaining?” an amazed student from Switzerland, Anita Rohner, asks after visiting the city’s largest civic-run KEM Hospital. Rohner is writing her thesis on Mumbai’s incredibly under-pressure public health infrastructure.
There are four state-run and 26 hospitals under the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) in Mumbai. About 30 per cent of Mumbai’s 12 million people use these public hospitals. While availability of toilets is not an issue in any of these hospitals, maintenance is a big challenge.
On his wobbly legs, 65-year-old Zainuddin Hamza used to clean the Dr R N Cooper Hospital’s sixth-floor bathroom daily before he bathed there. Admitted for 23 days with a lung infection, he says, “I’m too weak to pour bucketfuls of water in the dirty bathroom now. So I haven’t bathed for a week.”
While the bathroom is cleaned twice, sometimes three times, in a day, he complains that it gets dirty within an hour of cleaning and actually needs round-the-clock maintenance.
The refurbished Cooper Hospital was inaugurated in November last year. But within the first year itself, there are broken taps in the toilets, says another patient, Sampa Yadav.
At KEM hospital, which sees 6,000 patients every day, visitors and staffers walk with their nose tightly covered in the casualty ward’s corridor where a stinking washroom stands. Sunita Masavkar, nine months pregnant and admitted there on Wednesday, treads carefully on the greasy floor only to find one western commode filled with faeces and another Indian toilet clogged with plastic bottles in the casualty ward’s common toilet. “I could’ve slipped on the wet floor . I can’t pee in such a place,” she says, walking slowly back to her bed.
Hospital toilets, one would imagine, need to be disinfected several times in the day. According to Dr Suvin Shetty, pathologist attached with L H Hiranandani Hospital, a gram negative bacilli usually present in toilets can infect the intestine or weaker organs of humans if they get a passage to enter. “These pathogenic infections can easily happen in washrooms that are not cleaned with disinfectants. In private hospitals, washrooms are disinfected before being used. This issue should be seriously focussed upon in public hospitals.”
Leptospirosis is another disease that can spread through infected urine. A resident doctor at KEM Hospital says, “The infected urine can affect another patient who is already low on immunity. Waterlogged toilets pose a high risk of leptospirosis infection.”
While the condition of toilets allotted to staffers, nurses and doctors is relatively better, these are sometimes locked to prevent patients and others from entering.
At JJ hospital, where the out-patient department witnesses an inflow of 1,500 patients on a daily basis, the toilets are invariably dirty. Shama Usmaan, from Bhiwandi, says, continued…

Kidnapped boy  13  found dead indrainPrint
Written by Sarah Hafeez | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 10:33 am
The body of a 13-year-old boy, who was kidnapped near his home in Gandhinagar, East Delhi, on Tuesday, was found in a drain in Geeta Colony on Wednesday.
Police said Utkarsh Verma, a student of Class VIII, did not return home after school on Tuesday. Later, his parents got two ransom calls for Rs 1 crore. A senior police officer said Utkarsh’s parents filed a missing person’s complaint in Gandhinagar police station on Tuesday, a couple of hours after his usual return time — 2 pm.
The parents received the first ransom call around 7 pm that evening. “They told police that the call was brief. The ransom amount quoted was Rs 1 crore,” the senior officer said. “Utkarsh’s father Mukesh received a second call around 8.45 pm. The caller said he would call the next day and inform Mukesh about where he had to bring the money. Mukesh informed police about the calls. Several teams were deployed and the search was stepped up,” the officer said.
Police said residents spotted Utkarsh’s body in a drain near Bhai Lalo gurdwara around 7 am on Wednesday. The body was taken to Sabzi Mandi morgue and Mukesh was informed. Police registered a case of murder after Mukesh identified the body.
Police said the body bore faints marks around the neck. Police suspect that he was either strangled or smothered to death.
Police said CCTV cameras show Utkarsh being dropped on the usual lane in Rajgarh Colony by the school pool car around 2 pm.
“However, he is seen turning into another lane. He does not comes back,” a senior officer said.
Police said they were going through call record details of Utkarsh and his parents. Officers said Utkarsh left his cellphone at home on Tuesday.
Police said Utkarsh’s family suspect an insider’s involvement. Mukesh’s friend Sanjay Kumar Jain said, “Utkarsh was old enough to not go with strangers. If he agreed to go with somebody, it must be a relative or an acquaintance. The kidnappers may have killed him as they were scared that he would identify them.”
According to police, Mukesh came to Delhi from Etawah, Uttar Pradesh, in 1987 and opened his jewellery shop in Gandhinagar.

Editorial: Kisan Vikas Patra with KYC welcomeSearch for:
Kisan Vikas Patra with KYC welcome
November 19, 2014, 6:19 am IST ET Edit in ET Editorials | GDP , IPO , Kisan Vikas Patra , KVP | ET
0
A new avatar of the Kisan Vikas Patra (KVP) launched by the government to encourage people to save more is welcome. It will reduce some demand for gold as investment, curtail imports and help savings, investment and growth. Household financial savings rate dropped to 7.2 per cent of GDP in 2013-14. It should be raised. The answer lies in both reining inflation, improving the appeal of financial savings and offering a wider variety of financial products. KVP offers an annual return of 8.7 per cent, a tad higher than the 10-year g-secs yield of 8.2 per cent, making it attractive for risk-averse investors. It also offers flexibility. Investors can exit after a lock-in of 2.5 years, and also pledge their certificates as collateral for loans. Clearly, an instrument such as the KVP provides comfort to people with limited access to formal finance and makes available long-term funds for investment. It will also keep many away from fraudulent schemes.
The redesigned scheme has welcome safeguards to prevent misuse. Banks and post offices will have to document addresses, even if a person buying a KVP does not have to quote her permanent account number. Remember, in the IPO scam, fake addresses had been rampant, but were not spotted. New, big data analytics should mine through the data on KVP investors, once made available as a database. Managing big data holds the key to tracking the source of funds. The country has the IT prowess, and that should be harnessed to use big data analytics.
Ideally, the government should have capped the cash component, and also fixed a ceiling on the amount to be invested to ensure that KVP is not seen as a disguised amnesty scheme to launder black money. That there are no tax benefits is welcome, given that tax sops are a drag on the exchequer. However, the government should also promote other instruments such as inflation-indexed bonds (IIBs) by making them available on a large scale that is comparable to the value of gold demand. Risk-averse investors should be able to subscribe to IIBs, and that will augur well for the economy.
This piece appeared as an editorial opinion in the print edition of The Economic Times.
Characters Remaining: 3000

India to launch American buoy in Bay of Bengal to study weather patternUpdated: November 19, 2014 12:09 IST
India to launch American buoy in Bay of Bengal to study weather pattern
Pheroze L. Vincent
weather
Scientists are set to sail from Chennai on November 24 towards a point in the Bay of Bengal, 300 km east of Kolkata, which receives the highest rainfall in the Indian Ocean.
Scientists are set to sail from Chennai on November 24 towards a point in the Bay of Bengal, 300 km east of Kolkata, which receives the highest rainfall in the Indian Ocean. They will carry a state-of-the-art buoy which can measure salinity, temperature, currents, and nitrates and dissolved oxygen content at different levels in the sea up to a depth of 2 km.
Dr. M. Ravichandran, who heads the Modeling and Ocean Observation Group at the Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services (INCOIS) here said, “We want to study how the atmosphere and the ocean interact and exchange energy. This part of the bay receives the waters of the Ganga and the Brahmaputra. It also receives the highest rainfall in the Indian Ocean. This large amount of freshwater heats up and cool down at a much faster rate than the rest of the Bay.”
Weather forecasting is based on the rhythms of parameters such as the temperature of the sea, currents and the mixing of fresh and saline waters. “Currently, forecasting is based on several assumptions. This device, which costs around Rs. 20 crore, will give us accurate data on these parameters and help us validate our assumptions,” he explained.
This buoy to measure flux in the sea is manufactured by the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI) in Massachusetts, United States of America. It will take around 10 days to install and has a life of one year. The first buoy is a grant from WHOI. India will purchase a second buoy to replace the current one after a year.
INCOIS already has two buoys in the area to measure temperature, salinity and currents in addition to another research buoy of the National Institute of Ocean Technology, Chennai. “The four buoys are placed in the corners of a square of 30km length. For the next one year, we will get data every hour on the changes in this segment of the sea. The applications of this are huge and will lead to more accurate forecasting and the development of a better weather model,” Dr. Ravichandran added.
(The reporter was hosted by the Union Ministry of Earth Sciences)

M&M recalls 2 300 units of Scorpio  XUV500  XyloMahindra and Mahindra recalls 2,300 units of Scorpio, XUV500, Xylo
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 19, 2014  | 16:41 IST
Homegrown auto major Mahindra & Mahindra is recalling 2,300 units of different variants of its popular SUVs Scorpio and XUV500, and multi-purpose vehicle Xylo to rectify a defective vacuum pump in engines manufactured in May this year.
The preventive inspection and replacement, if needed, of the vacuum pump would be free of cost for customers, who would be individually contacted by the company, Mahindra & Mahindra said in a statement.
"The inspection is limited to approximately 2,300 vehicles of Scorpio (Vlx/Sle/Lx), XUV500 W4/w6/W8 and Xylo H9/H8/H4 variants," the company said.
The exercise is in keeping with SIAM's voluntary code on vehicle recall, it added.
Earlier in July this year, Mahindra & Mahindra had recalled around 23,000 units of select variants of its popular sports utility vehicle Scorpio to rectify faulty pressure regulating valves.
Ever since auto industry body Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) started voluntary vehicle recall for safety related issues in India in July 2012, over seven lakh vehicles have been recalled by various manufacturers including Maruti Suzuki, Mahindra & Mahindra, Toyota, Ford, Honda and General Motors.
Last month, Honda Cars India (HCIL) had recalled 2,338 units of its hatchback Brio, compact sedan Amaze and sports utility vehicle CR-V manufactured between September 2011 and July 2014 to replace a faulty part related to airbags.
Nissan had also announced recall of 9,000 units of its compact car Micra and mid-sized sedan Sunny in India to replace defective airbags as part of a global recall.

JSW Steel submits bid for Italian steelmaker LucchiniMaytaal Angel and Silvia Antonioli        Last Updated: November 19, 2014  | 18:38 IST
JSW Steel and Algeria's Cevital have submitted final bids for the troubled Lucchini Piombino steelmaking complex, Italy's second-largest steel producer, which is battling for survival.
Lucchini was owned by Russia's Severstal, but was declared insolvent in 2012 and placed under special administration.
Like its peers in Europe, Lucchini has been battered by slowing demand since the 2008 financial crisis and stiff competition from emerging countries.
The company said on Wednesday that special commissioner Piero Nardi would analyse the bids and submit an initial report to a supervisory committee in Rome on November 21.
JSW had already submitted an offer of less than $100 million for the Italian company's core assets in Piombino on the Tuscan coast but was asked last month to lift this offer.
Industry sources have said JSW's plan was for Lucchini to process in Italy steel made elsewhere but the leading labour union has expressed opposition to ending the steel-melting process.
The Piombino complex employs about 2,000 people and can produce 2.5 million tonnes of steel a year. It is a main industrial plant for Italy, the second-largest European steel producer after Germany.
(Reuters)

Jagmohan Dalmiya backs N Srinivasan for top BCCI postPrint
With Srinivasan now having got the required unanimous support in writing from the East Zone, whose turn it is to decide the man at the helm, it appears to be a dead-end as far as any other presidential candidate is concerned. (Source: PTI File)
By: Press Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: November 19, 2014 5:58 pm | Updated: November 19, 2014 6:48 pm
In what would come as a shot in the arm for N. Srinivasan, Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB) president Jagmohan Dalmiya has extended East Zone’s support to the embattled BCCI president, who is seeking a third term as the Board chief, by signing the nomination papers for the December 17 elections.
“All six units of East Zone have signed the nomination papers extending support to Mr. Srinivasan in different combinations,” said a top official, who attended the Board’s working committee meeting in Chennai on Tuesday.
Another BCCI official said that there was little chance of Sharad Pawar becoming the President.
“This, I think, is the end of the road for Mr. (Sharad) Pawar (in his attempt to return as President). I don’t see anyone else becoming BCCI President at the AGM,” the official, who did not wish to be identified, said.
Pawar had decided to attend the BCCI AGM after four years when it was originally announced to be held on November 20 before it was put off to December, retaining Chennai as the venue.
A former president of the BCCI, Dalmiya had himself faced allegations of financial impropriety in the PILCOM accounts of the 1996 World Cup jointly hosted by India, Pakistan and Sri Lanka, before the matter was resolved.
Dalmiya was earlier reported to be hesitant in offering support to ICC Chairman Srinivasan. But now he seems to have agreed to support the Tamil Nadu strongman in his bid to become BCCI President for the next term.
With Srinivasan now having got the required unanimous support in writing from the East Zone, whose turn it is to decide the man at the helm, it appears to be a dead-end as far as any other presidential candidate is concerned.
The heat, it appears, is off Srinivasan, at least for now.
Keywords: N. Srinivasan, BCCI, Jagmohan Dalmiya, Cricket Association of Bengal, Mudgal Committee probe, IPL scam

Late strikes give New Zealand upper hand on Day 2Print
By: Reuters | Dubai | Posted: November 19, 2014 8:55 pm
Younus Khan and Azhar Ali featured in a century-plus stand to prop up Pakistan but New Zealand claimed three wickets in the final session to stay ahead in the second Test in Dubai on Wednesday.
Resuming on 34 for two, Pakistan enjoyed a smooth morning session but lost Younus (72) after lunch and Azhar (75) and two other batsmen after tea to finish day two on 281 for six.
Sarfraz Ahmed (28) and Yasir Shah (one) were in the middle at stumps with Pakistan, who lead the three-match series 1-0, still trailing New Zealand by 122 runs with four wickets in hand.
After cheaply removing Pakistan’s openers late on Tuesday, New Zealand needed early wickets to take the upper hand but were thwarted by Younus and Azhar, who negotiated pace bowlers with aplomb and used their feet effectively against spinners.
Younus, who turns 37 later this month, was the more aggressive of the two, hitting off-spinner Mark Craig for two sixes — one over long on and the other over midwicket.
The right-hander hit the spinner for his sixth boundary to bring up his 29th Test fifty in the final over before the break.
After dominating his 113-run third wicket stand with Azhar, Younus was dismissed by Jimmy Neesham, having extended the red hot form that had produced three centuries and a double hundred in his last six Test innings.
Azhar took three runs off a Craig delivery to register his 18th Test fifty in 150 balls and provided a glimpse of his aggression when he stepped out to hit Craig over long off for a six.
Pakistan captain Misbah-ul-Haq (28) also looked solid at the other end until he edged a Trent Boult delivery to slip.
Leg-spinner Ish Sodhi ended Azhar’s 322-minute vigil with a delivery that brushed the batsman’s pad before hitting the stumps.
Boult bowled Asad Shafiq with an incoming delivery after the batsman offered no shot but, much to Pakistan’s relief, TV replays showed the bowler had overstepped.
Shafiq, then on 21, could not make the most of it though and edged a Tim Southee delivery to Ross Taylor in the slip to depart on 44 in the penultimate over of the day.

Vijay Hazare: Jaffer sends Mumbai through to quartersBy: Press Trust of India | Rajkot | Posted: November 19, 2014 7:15 pm
Veteran batsman Wasim Jaffer played a perfect innings in a modest chase as Mumbai outclassed Delhi by six wickets to enter quarter-final of the National One Day Championship for the Vijay Hazare Trophy.
Mumbai will meet defending champions Karnataka in the quarter-finals.
Mumbai captain Suryakumar Yadav won a good toss and his bowlers responded brilliantly, bowling out Delhi for 157 in 42.3 overs. Virender Sehwag (9) and Gautam Gambhir (22) ‘s saga of failures continued as Delhi never looked like being in the match.
In reply, Mumbai maintained a steady tempo without taking undue risks, courtesy Jaffer as he struck an unbeaten 83 off 87 balls to take his team to victory in 30.3 overs. His customary on-drives were a treat to watch as all the bowlers including the seasoned Ashish Nehra were guilty of bowling on his pads.
Jaffer’s innings had 11 boundaries and a six and his sequence of scores in the tournament now read: 83, 37, 84, 60 and 83 no.
“Whatever remaining years I have in first-class cricket, I would like to continue scoring runs. After having played Test cricket, it is important to have the motivation to continue doing well in first class. I still have the motivation to perform for Mumbai,” a pragmatic Jaffer said at the end of the match.
The 9am start did help the Mumbai bowlers as there was a bit of assistance from the pitch, complemented by good bounce.
Unmukt Chand (6) tried to glance Shardul Thakur and was caught down the leg side by Aditya Tare — a decision that didn’t make the batsman happy. Unmukt has failed to total 50 after six matches.
Sehwag (9) did hit a couple of boundaries off pacers. An on-drive and a pull had Sehwag signature all over it but Thakur squared up the legend with one that moved a shade and took an outside edge straight into Surya’s hands in the slips.
Gambhir (22) hit a few boundaries before he perished due to age-old technical malaise of trying the dab shot down third-man off Wilkin Mota only to find Tare taking an outstanding diving catch.
Milind Kumar (64 off 94 balls) was the highest scorer but he consumed far too many balls and the number of dot balls that he played only increased the pressure. Rajat Bhatia (12) was run-out while Puneet Bisht (12) played an irresponsible aerial sweep shot off Akhil Herwadkar.
In the end, 158 wasn’t a big target and Mumbai cruised to the target with ease.
Brief Scores: Delhi 157 in 42.3 overs (Milind Kumar 64, Shardul Tahkur 3/25) Mumbai 158/4 (Wasim Jaffer 83 no, Akhil Herwadkar 30) Mumbai win by 6 wkts.
Quarter-final: Karnataka vs Mumbai.
Harbhajan leads Punjab to quarters
Captain Harbhajan Singh led from the front with an all-round effort as Punjab coasted to a comfortable 29-run win against Gujarat in the pre-quarterfinals of the Vijay Hazare one-day tournament.
Punjab will meet Railways in the quarter-finals. Put into bat at the Madhavrao Scindia Cricket Ground, Punjab rode fine fifties from Amitoze Singh (75), Gurkeerat Singh Mann (72) continued…

Out of Tihar on bail  activist back to his old ways: FilingRTIsAnil Dutt Sharma at his Dilshad Garden residence.
Written by Shalini Narayan | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 10:50 am
 
Earlier, it was a collection of Indian Penal Code manuals and books on property acts that 54-year-old Anil Dutt Sharma scoured to file his over 1,000 RTI applications. Four and a half months after a stint in jail on charges of allegedly using these RTIs to extort money from builders in East and Northeast Delhi, a new book has been added to his collection — the ‘Delhi Jail Manual’.
A motor-parts businessman-turned-RTI activist, Sharma was released on bail on October 21 after he was arrested by the Anti-Corruption Branch (ACB) of the Delhi government on charges of extortion and criminal conspiracy, and sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act on June 24 this year. The court released Sharma after the investigating agency was unable to give clear grounds further seeking Sharma’s custodial interrogation.
However, not even a month into his bail, Sharma has already filed 30 RTIs and at least five PILs in court and there seems to be no sign of him relenting. While some of his RTIs continue to be on encroachment, others include on the conduct of officials in Tihar Jail.
Speaking to Newsline at his residence in Dilshad Garden, Sharma says, “I have already filed RTIs on Tihar Jail because I spent my time in there reading and understanding how the officials work. I am in the process of preparing some more applications and have purchased the jail manual for the purpose. We are entitled to 400 grams of milk a day. I never saw that amount of milk while I was in jail. The action on the PIL will reveal all. I have been framed by the ACB and the complainants. I will continue my fight for justice.”
Sharma has been granted bail on 12 of the 13 FIRs against him.
“They don’t have a case against me. There is no evidence, which is why the court has released me. They said there are audio recordings but nothing has been established yet. Just because I have set out on this mission to establish the truth by filing RTIs, the police are after me. I have done nothing wrong. I only want to know the truth,” Sharma says.
On June 24, Sharma was reportedly caught red-handed in Shahdara while allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 1 lakh from a builder. Investigators later told court that Sharma would impersonate as a Junior Engineer of the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) and would threaten builders carrying out illegal constructions to pay him money or else forgo their properties. Following this, the ACB began questioning junior and assistant engineers. So far, three FIRs have been registered against three junior engineers of whom one has been arrested.
As investigators continue to establish the extent of his illegal empire, Sharma is confident he will emerge clean. “My PILs are mostly on the misuse of powers by the CIC commissioners, against the Deputy Commissioners who are administrative heads and under whom continued…

Heat killed candidates during police recruitmentdriveThe Mumbai police had come under scrutiny for lack of good recruitment infrastructure
Written by Gautam Sandip Mengle | Mumbai | Posted: November 20, 2014 10:48 am
The Mumbai Police Crime Branch’s probe into the deaths of four aspiring police constables during the Maharashtra police’s recruitment drive in June this year is in its final stages and a report will soon be submitted to senior police officers.
Sources confirmed to The Indian Express that the intense heat on the days the recruitment drive was held had been mentioned as a major factor that led to multiple health complications, which caused the deaths.
Between June 11 and 14 this year, four candidates, Rahul Sakpal, Prasad Mali, Ambadas Sonawane and Vishal Kedar, died during the five-kilometre run that is part of the recruitment process. The Bombay High Court had subsequently directed the police to conduct a probe into the incident, which was handed over to the Crime Branch.
The Mumbai police had come under scrutiny for lack of good recruitment infrastructure, with no arrangements made to even provide shelter to those travelling to the city for the tests. Unlike Navi Mumbai and Thane, where good resources were employed, the Mumbai police recruitment centres had just one long tent dividing the runners based on the time taken, even as they squatted on open roads under the harsh sun.
Crime Branch officials said that reports of post-mortem and histo-pathology analysis, which was conducted at the Rajawadi Hospital in Ghatkopar and the Sion Hospital, concluded that the four candidates died due to multiple organ failure.
“The temperature during the time period that the five kilometre runs were conducted was around 38 degrees, which caused heat stroke. This, in turn, led to various organs failing and hence the candidates collapsed suddenly. Heat stroke is known to affect people in a young age group in such a way. Two of the four candidates were also found to be suffering from previous health conditions when they appeared for the tests,” said a source.
An officer added that the reports were studied by professional sports experts roped in to assist with the investigation and that they too had expressed a similar opinion.
A detailed report of the investigations will soon be submitted to senior police officers for perusal, sources said.
Following the deaths, the Mumbai police had started screening all candidates for blood pressure and irregularities in the heartbeat before allowing them to run. Several candidates were even rejected on these grounds. The timing of the run was also changed. It was decided not to hold the run before 4:30 pm.
gautam.mengle@expressindia.com

Honduran Miss World contestant and sister foundmurderedMaria Jose Alvarado (holding flowers) and two other contestants pose for photographs during a beauty contest in San Pedro Sula April 26, 2014. (Source: Reuters/Stringer/Files)
By: Reuters | Posted: November 20, 2014 10:45 am
A Honduran beauty queen has been found shot dead in a suspected crime of passion just days before she was due to compete in the Miss World pageant in London, police said on Wednesday.
The bodies of Maria Jose Alvarado, 19, and her sister Sofia, 23, were found buried near a river in the mountainous region of Santa Barbara in western Honduras, said Leandro Osorio, head of the criminal investigation unit.
Police suspect that Plutarco Ruiz, Sofia’s boyfriend, shot and killed the elder sister in a fit of jealousy after seeing her dancing with “another person or something similar,” then shot Maria Jose and buried the bodies, Osorio said.
“This is the main hypothesis we have for this crime, based on the witnesses and investigations we’ve done,” he added.
Police took Ruiz and Aris Maldonado into custody on Tuesday, confiscating two pistols and their pick-up truck and identifying them as the homicide’s main suspects, he said.
Maria Jose Alvarado (C, front) and other contestants participate in a beauty contest in San Pedro Sula April 26, 2014. (Source: Reuters/Stringer/Files)
On his Facebook page, Maldonado lamented “these very difficult and unjust moments of life” but did not make reference to any details of the double homicide. Ruiz has yet to comment publicly on the allegations.
Alvarado, a student who aspired to become a career diplomat, had been due to take part in the Miss World pageant that starts on Thursday and culminates in the final in London on Dec. 14.
The sisters went missing Nov. 13, when they were seen leaving a birthday party for Ruiz at a local water park in a car without a license plate in Santa Barbara, a coffee-growing region where drug gangs are active.
On Wednesday night, police arrested the water park’s owners on suspicion of being accomplices in the crime, Osorio said.
A pick-up truck containing two body bags and equipment used by forensic technicians drives past two soldiers, near a crime scene in Arada November 19, 2014. (Source: Reuters/Jorge Cabrera)
Drug cartels use Honduras as a staging post for U.S.-bound cocaine from South America, aggravating violence in the impoverished Central American nation that has helped spark a surge in illegal immigration to the United States.
Honduras has the world’s highest murder rate at 90.4 continued…

Punjab and Haryana High Court cancels Rampals bail in 2006 murdercasePrint
He will be later today also produced before Punjab and Haryana High Court in another contempt case. Earlier, the medical examination of Rampal, who was arrested from his Satlok Ashram in Hisar's Barwala town, was conducted at the Government General hospital at Panchkula, with a doctor describing his major health parameters as "stable". (Source: Express Photo by Sumit Malhotra)
By: Press Trust of India | Chandigarh | Posted: November 20, 2014 11:17 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 8:43 pm
Controversial ‘godman’ Rampal, who was taken into custody last night after days of confrontation with police, was sent to judicial custody by the Punjab and Haryana High Court. The next hearing on the case will be on November 28. Earlier today, the court cancelled the bail of Rampal in a 2006 murder case and ordered that he be taken into custody immediately.
The HC pronounced the cancellation of bail immediately after Haryana Advocate General and Station House Officer (SHO) of Barwala Police Station in Hisar moved an application stating that Rampal had been arrested in a contempt of court case.
The bench comprising of Justices M Jeyapaul and Darshan Singh ordered that he be arrested immediately in the 2006 murder case.
The court, which had suo motu taken up the issue of cancellation of bail on November 10 when Rampal failed to appear in the contempt case, had on November 18 reserved the order after hearing the defence, the state and amicus curiae.
Meanwhile, in his brief conversation with the media persons on Thursday after his medical examination, he rejected charges that he had asked thousands of his followers to be kept “hostage” for past several days inside his ashram at Barwala to evade police action in a contempt of court case. Read full report here.  Allegations against me are false, says ‘Godman’ Sant Rampal  
IN PICTURES: Protest breaks out between Rampal’s supporters and police, at least 100 injured
Rampal was nabbed last night at his ashram in Barwala after an over two-week tense standoff between police and his supporters, who were resisting his arrest after non-bailable warrants were issued against him for not appearing in the contempt case.
On Thursday the HC also directed that he be produced at 2pm in the contempt of court case after Attorney General B R Mahajan and Barwala SHO Anil Kumar moved an application informing the court that Rampal was arrested last night.
A large number of security personnel had been deployed around the High Court complex.
Rampal is on bail in connection with a case of murder registered in 2006 after a clash at his Ashram at Kainthola in Rohtak district where one person had died and some others were injured.
The self styled ‘godman’ had failed to appear before the High Court on three dates – November 5, November 10 and November 17.
A large number of people and media persons, including television crews, were present at the High Court where a large number of security personnel were deployed to maintain law and order.
The Punjab and Haryana High Court had earlier this week issued a fresh non-bailable warrant (NBW) for November 21 against Rampal after he failed to appear in the contempt case, with his counsel saying he was “unwell”.
It had also directed the governments of Haryana and Punjab, the Union Government and the Chandigarh Administration to file a statement detailing the expenses incurred in making security arrangements for Rampal’s court appearance.

BSE Sensex up 85 points in early trade on AsiancuesA firming trend in other Asian markets buoyed the trading sentiments. (Reuters)
By: PTI | Mumbai | Posted: November 20, 2014 11:06 am
The benchmark BSE Sensex gained over 85 points in early trade today after two sessions of losses on emergence of buying by funds and retail investors in select stocks.
Besides, a firming trend in other Asian markets buoyed the trading sentiments here.
The 30-share index, which had retreated from record highs by falling 145.03 points in the past two sessions, recovered by 85.68 points, or 0.30 per cent, to 28,118.53, with sectoral indices, led by healthcare, FMCG, IT and oil & gas, trading in positive zone with gains up to 0.45 per cent.
Also, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty reclaimed the 8,400-mark by rising 27.80 points, or 0.33 per cent, to 8,410.10.
Brokers said a better trend in other Asian markets and emergence of buying by funds and retail investors, though selective, influenced the sentiments here.
Among other Asian markets, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was up 0.12 per cent while Japan’s Nikkei rose 0.69 per cent in early trade today.

E-tailers Flipkart  Myntra  Urban Ladder look to entrepreneurs to helm keyfunctionsHaving built a business themselves, the entrepreneurs are drawn to e-retailers because they get a free hand to run the operations. (Thinkstock)
Bangalore | Posted: November 20, 2014 11:01 am
Having roped in college graduates both from home and abroad, home-grown e-tailers like Flipkart, Myntra and Urban Ladder are now scouting for former entrepreneurs to fill their top ranks. The rationale is clear: Given how they’ve built businesses from scratch, such entrepreneurs are able to mesh with the start-up fabric. At the same time, being responsible for a vertical gives them a sense of ownership. Flipkart has nearly 10 such entrepreneurs, mostly in senior management positions, handling diverse roles across verticals such as technology, supply chain, marketing and retail.
Having built a business themselves, the entrepreneurs are drawn to e-retailers because they get a free hand to run the operations. Besides, working with a challenging and aspiring peer group also adds to the charm at a time when e-commerce companies are setting themselves ambitious targets.
For instance, Ranjith Boyanapalli, founder of online marketplace BuyThePrice, which was acquired by Tradus, went on to become a director at Flipkart, heading its B2B business and the gift cards category.
Dhaval Gat launched Transgenez, a KPO, in 2009 but left three years later owing to differences with investors. In April 2012, Gat joined Flipkart and has risen in the ranks. “I was head of operational excellence for the supply chain vertical but three months later I was heading the operations. Also, I was manning the chief of staff role, which included strategic planning, executing the key programmes, acting as an adviser,” Gat said. He also heads customer support and experience at Flipkart.
Close to a fifth of online furniture store Urban Ladder’s team comprises former entrepreneurs, some handling key portfolios like sourcing and engineering. “We believe entrepreneurs come with a lot of learning and experience that helps them take independent and quick decisions and lead teams more effectively,” said COO Rajiv Srivatsa. Rushab Sanghvi, vice-president, category management at Urban Ladder, had launched The Stiff Collar, an online apparel store, with a group of friends in 2010. They parted ways two years later and Sanghvi, who knew Urban Ladder co-founder Ashish Goel personally, chose to join the furniture e-tailer.
According to Ritika Walia, business head, Designer Corner, Myntra, who had launched a fashion portal for designer wear, PRET-AMODA, in 2009, “It’s important the vision of the individual and the company are the same. The environment should facilitate the creativity required for that vision.”
Pooja Gupta, Myntra’s vice-president for human resources, pointed out that there were a handful of entrepreneurs with experience working across various departments. “Most of them handle mid- to senior-level management roles and manage a team. These entrepreneurs can work across functions, under constraints and are not single-domain specialists. They are highly ambitious, open to experiments and willing to work with limited resources,” Gupta said.

Malian musician Fatoumata Diawara talks about bringing hope through hermusicDiawara’s songs are about being a woman in Mali and cultural censorship
Written by Suanshu Khurana | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 11:00 am
While touring the world, Malian singer and songwriter Fatoumata Diawara sings in Bambara, her native language. With an acoustic guitar, she takes her audiences into the world of extraordinary musical oscillations while singing Boloko (on female genital mutilation) and Peace. The idiom is unadorned but the effect is powerful. I beg you mother, don’t make them circumcise me, it hurts so much, she sings. “Being a woman in Mali is hard. My music is a way to make the voices and problems of the Malian people heard, especially of women,” says 37-year-old Diawara, who performed at Blackberry Sharp Nights, at Blue Frog, on Thursday.
Diawara grew up listening to Wassoulou music, an antecedent of American Blues. “If you are a woman in Mali, you don’t sing on stage. To me, taking up the guitar was a wonderful and daring thing. Why should the guitar be only for men?” says Diawara, who, in her broken English, takes us back to her childhood in Cote d’Ivoire, where a stubborn 12-year-old refused to go to school and was sent to live with her aunt. She became an actor and found the lead role in Cheick Omar Sissoko’s 1999 film La Genèse. But her family was not too pleased and wanted her to “marry and settle”. They even forced her to announce on national television that she was giving up being an actor. But Diawara ran away to Paris. Her parents and community may have disowned her after that but once there, Diawara was singing of her community, the problems in Mali, in turn seeking help from the world. “These were still my people and solutions needed to be found. They respect me now. Some of them even look up to me in a country where it is extremely difficult to be an artiste. They even think of me as someone else, which I’m fine with,” says Diawara.
It was almost 10 years ago that desert blues invaded the western stage and markets, finding ample appreciation from critics and masses alike. And Diawara was at the helm of things. But what caught attention was her song Mali-ke (Peace for Mali) in which she collaborated with 13 Malian artistes during the ban on music in her countryby Islamic groups. “It’s a place like India, where music is ingrained in our soul. No one had the right to deny us that,” says Diawara.

Meet Frida  San Franciscos newest MayorSan Francisco, November 20, 2014
Updated: November 20, 2014 11:14 IST
Meet Frida, San Francisco’s newest Mayor
Reuters
Frida rests in the arms of her owner, Dean Clark, outside City Hall.
TOPICS
animal
A female Chihuahua has won her first political office, being named Mayor of San Francisco for a day.
A female Chihuahua has won her first political office, being named Mayor of San Francisco for a day as part of a campaign to support the city's animal shelter.
The dog, Frida, whose owner bid $5,000 for the privilege, will spend her special day touring Bay Area landmarks and receiving a commendation from the Board of Supervisors, according to a spokeswoman with the city and county Department of Animal Care and Control.
"We applaud Mayor Frida's ability to rise above her humble start as a single mom in an animal shelter to Mayor for the Day," said Miriam Saez, acting director of the Animal Care and Control department.
Last November, San Francisco transformed itself into the fictional Gotham City so that a little boy could celebrate his win against cancer by becoming "Bat Kid" for the day.

False promise of nuclear powerUpdated: November 19, 2014 01:36 IST
False promise of nuclear power
Brahma Chellaney
nuclear policy
The need for costly upgrades post-Fukushima and for making the nuclear industry competitive, including by cutting back on generous government subsidies, underscore nuclear power’s dimming future.
New developments highlight the growing travails of the global nuclear-power industry. France — the “poster child” of atomic power — plans to cut its nuclear-generating capacity by a third by 2025 and focus instead on renewable sources, like its neighbours, Germany and Spain. As nuclear power becomes increasingly uneconomical at home because of skyrocketing costs, the U.S. and France are aggressively pushing exports, not just to India and China, but also to “nuclear newcomers,” such as the cash-laden oil sheikhdoms. Still, the bulk of the reactors under construction or planned worldwide are located in just four countries — China, Russia, South Korea and India.
Six decades after Lewis Strauss, chairman of the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission, claimed that nuclear energy would become “too cheap to meter,” nuclear power confronts an increasingly uncertain future, largely because of unfavourable economics. The International Energy Agency’s World Energy Outlook 2014, released last week, states: “Uncertainties continue to cloud the future for nuclear — government policy, public confidence, financing in liberalized markets, competitiveness versus other sources of generation, and the looming retirement of a large fleet of older plants.”
Heavily subsidy reliant
Nuclear power has the energy sector’s highest capital and water intensity and longest plant-construction time frame, making it hardly attractive for private investors. Plant construction time frame, with licensing approval, still averages almost a decade, as underscored by the new reactors commissioned in the past decade. The key fact about nuclear power is that it is the world’s most subsidy-fattened energy industry, even as it generates the most dangerous wastes whose safe disposal saddles future generations. Commercial reactors have been in operation for more than half-a-century, yet the industry still cannot stand on its own feet without major state support. Instead of the cost of nuclear power declining with the technology’s maturation — as is the case with other sources of energy — the costs have escalated multiple times.
In this light, nuclear power has inexorably been on a downward trajectory. The nuclear share of the world’s total electricity production reached its peak of 17 per cent in the late 1980s. Since then, it has been falling, and is currently estimated at about 13 per cent, even as new uranium discoveries have swelled global reserves. With proven reserves having grown by 12.5 per cent since just 2008, there is enough uranium to meet current demand for more than 100 years.
Yet, the worldwide aggregate installed capacity of just three renewables — wind power, solar power and biomass — has surpassed installed nuclear-generating capacity. In India and China, wind power output alone exceeds nuclear-generated electricity.
Fukushima’s impact
Before the 2011 Fukushima disaster, the global nuclear power industry — a powerful cartel of less than a dozen major state-owned or state-guided firms — had been trumpeting a global “nuclear renaissance.” This spiel was largely anchored in hope. However, the triple meltdown at Fukushima has not only reopened old safety concerns but also set in motion the renaissance of nuclear power in reverse. The dual imperative for costly upgrades post-Fukushima and for making the industry competitive, including by cutting back on the munificent government subsidies, underscores nuclear power’s dimming future. It is against this background that India’s itch to import high-priced reactors must be examined. To be sure, India should ramp up electricity production from all energy sources. There is definitely a place for safe nuclear power in India’s energy mix. Indeed, the country’s domestic nuclear-power industry has done a fairly good job both in delivering electricity at a price that is the envy of western firms and, as the newest indigenous reactors show, in beating the mean global plant construction time frame.
India should actually be encouraging its industry to export its tested and reliable midsize reactor model, which is better suited for the developing countries, considering their grid limitations. Instead, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh’s government, after making India the world’s largest importer of conventional arms since 2006, set out to make the country the world’s single largest importer of nuclear power reactors — a double whammy for Indian taxpayers, already heavily burdened by the fact that India is the only major economy in Asia that is import-dependent rather than export driven.
Critiquing India’s programme
To compound matters, the Singh government opted for major reactor imports without a competitive bidding process. It reserved a nuclear park each for four foreign firms (Areva of France, Westinghouse and GE of the U.S., and Atomstroyexport of Russia) to build multiple reactors at a single site. It then set out to acquire land from farmers and other residents, employing coercion in some cases.
Having undercut its leverage by dedicating a park to each foreign vendor, it entered into price negotiations. Because the imported reactors are to be operated by the Indian state, the foreign vendors have been freed from producing electricity at marketable rates. In other words, Indian taxpayers are to subsidise the high-priced electricity generated.
Westinghouse, GE and Areva also wish to shift the primary liability for any accident to the Indian taxpayer so that they have no downside risk but only profits to reap. If a Fukushima-type catastrophe were to strike India, it would seriously damage the Indian economy. A recent Osaka City University study has put Japan’s Fukushima-disaster bill at a whopping $105 billion.
To Dr. Singh’s discomfiture, three factors put a break on his reactor-import plans — the exorbitant price of French- and U.S.-origin reactors, the accident-liability issue, and grass-roots opposition to the planned multi-reactor complexes. After Fukushima, the grass-roots attitude in India is that nuclear power is okay as long as the plant is located in someone else’s backyard, not one’s own. This attitude took a peculiar form at Kudankulam, in Tamil Nadu, where a protest movement suddenly flared just when the Russian-origin, twin-unit nuclear power plant was virtually complete.
India’s new nuclear plants, like in most other countries, are located in coastal regions so that these water-guzzling facilities can largely draw on seawater for their operations and not bring freshwater resources under strain. But coastal areas are often not only heavily populated but also constitute prime real estate. The risks that seaside reactors face from global warming-induced natural disasters became evident more than six years before Fukushima, when the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami inundated parts of the Madras Atomic Power Station. But the reactor core could be kept in a safe shutdown mode because the electrical systems had been installed on higher ground than the plant level.
One-sided
Dr. Singh invested so such political capital in the Indo-U.S. civil nuclear agreement that much of his first term was spent in negotiating and consummating the deal. He never explained why he overruled the nuclear establishment and shut down the CIRUS research reactor — the source of much of India’s cumulative historic production of weapons-grade plutonium since the 1960s. In fact, CIRUS had been refurbished at a cost of millions of dollars and reopened for barely two years when Dr. Singh succumbed to U.S. pressure and agreed to close it down.
Nevertheless, the nuclear accord has turned out to be a dud deal for India on energy but a roaring success for the U.S. in opening the door to major weapon sales — a development that has quietly made America the largest arms supplier to India. For the U.S., the deal from the beginning was more geostrategic in nature (designed to co-opt India as a quasi-ally) than centred on just energy.
Even if no differences had arisen over the accident-liability issue, the deal would still not have delivered a single operational nuclear power plant for a more than a decade for two reasons — the inflated price of western-origin commercial reactors and grass-roots opposition. Areva, Westinghouse and GE signed Memorandums of Understanding with the state-run Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL) in 2009, but construction has yet to begin at any site.
India has offered Areva, with which negotiations are at an advanced stage, a power price of Rs.6.50 per kilowatt hour — twice the average electricity price from indigenous reactors. But the state-owned French firm is still holding out for a higher price. If Kudankulam is a clue, work at the massive nuclear complexes at Jaitapur in Maharashtra (earmarked for Areva), Mithi Virdi in Gujarat (Westinghouse) and Kovvada in Andhra Pradesh (GE) is likely to run into grass-roots resistance. Indeed, if India wishes to boost nuclear-generating capacity without paying through its nose, the better choice — given its new access to the world uranium market — would be an accelerated indigenous programme.
Globally, nuclear power is set to face increasing challenges due to its inability to compete with other energy sources in pricing. Another factor is how to manage the rising volumes of spent nuclear fuel in the absence of permanent disposal facilities. More fundamentally, without a breakthrough in fusion energy or greater commercial advances in the area that the U.S. has strived to block — breeder (and thorium) reactors — nuclear power is in no position to lead the world out of the fossil fuel age.
(Brahma Chellaney is a geostrategist and author.)

Sustaining CASA  asset quality remains priority: ICICI MDStory
"Sustaining CASA, capital, asset quality remains an important priority"
ICICI Bank MD and CEO Chanda Kochhar speaks with Business Today about the banking system and the private lender's future plans.
Anand Adhikari      Follow @anandadhikari    Edition: Dec 7, 2014
ICICI Bank MD and CEO Chanda Kochhar
Chanda Kochhar has had a clear roadmap from the time she took as MD & CEO five years ago. The strategy was to re-balance the asset portfolio, grow retail deposits, improve cost efficiencies and asset quality, and maintain a healthy capital position. She seems to have delivered. Excerpts from an interview with Business Today:
Q. THE BANK HAS DELIVERED ON ALMOST ALL THE PERFORMANCE PARAMETERS YOU SET FIVE YEARS AGO. WHAT'S KEEPING YOU BUSY NOW?
A. In an environment like today's, which is quite challenging and volatile, my focus will be on growth and also to keep an eye on key parameters like CASA (current and savings bank account) ratio,  operational efficiency with low cost-to-income ratio, better asset quality and healthy capital position. I think sustaining these benchmarks while growing will be our focus. Take, for instance, we have said that we wanted our CASA ratio to be 40 per cent. Now we have to work towards keeping it at 40 per cent. That itself has to be a focus area. I'm actually quite satisfied with this number currently. You know rather than increasing the percentage of CASA, we are actually growing and keeping the CASA ratio the same. This means if we are growing the business at 20 per cent, the CASA deposits have to grow at 20 per cent even if the proportion has to be same. That itself is a healthy mixed bag. In fact, if you look at industry-wise ratio, the CASA is actually going down. So even to continue maintaining the CASA ratio at 40 per cent, or to keep the cost-to-income ratio at 38 per cent or so, to keep credit quality under control, to very optimally utilise capital, I think sustaining these factors itself remains an important priority.
Q. WILL THERE BE ANY BIG CHANGE IN THE ASSET MIX GOING FORWARD?
A. It is a very well-diversified mix with 30-35 per cent share of each of the businesses. There may be some changes in the proportions but not substantial, depending upon which time of the economy what business is growing more. For example, corporate credit in the system is not really growing whereas retail is growing. So automatically retail proportion will increase a little bit more but once the projects start coming back or the corporate sector comes back, the share of corporate credit will increase a little bit. Broadly, the ratio will remain at these current levels. Within retail, the focus is on secured segment, especially mortgages, etc.
Q. IS THERE ANY CHANGE IN THE INTERNATIONAL BANKING STRATEGY?
A. We put capital in the international subsidiaries some five years ago assuming a much higher rate of growth in the entire global economy. As the global environment conditions have changed post 2008, we also calibrated our business model and growth. Growth is much lesser than what it was in the past. There was also a whole lot of excess capital in the international subsidiaries and some amount of capital was brought back recently. In terms of the international banking strategy, the model is now turning more and more towards pure commercial transactions banking rather than being focused on very large investments being funded of just the Indian corporate sector . It has become more granular and more diversified banking kind of a model. The other calibration really is in the rates of growth itself.
Q. RBI GOVERNOR RAGHURAM RAJAN .RECENTLY TALKED ABOUT BANKS OUTSOURCING PROJECT EVALUATION, WHICH IS A DANGEROUS SIGN. ANY COMMENTS?
A. As far as we are concerned, we always do in-house project appraisal. We had a history of project appraisal as we were a development financial institution. In the last few years, there have been learnings for the banking system as a whole. The reality has been very different from the assumptions, especially in the last few years, in terms of the time it has taken for projects to get completed because of delays in certain approvals, or tying up the backend linkages. There have been certain cases of systemic fraud, which the banking system has to take care.
Q. WILL THE RECENT PERMISSION TO RAISE INFRASTRUCTURE FUNDS RESULT IN LOWERING OF COST OF FUNDS?
A. It's very good for asset liability management (ALM) because of the longer nature of the funding source. Currently, banks were funding the longer-term loans with shorter-term funds. This was the bigger thing to handle than the cost of fund. It's a big advantage now. It does bring down the cost of funds, but it's not that large an impact on costs. These bonds today are a small portion of our entire balance sheet. We have raised Rs 4,000 crore funds and even if we double that amount,  Rs 9,000-10,000 crore on a balance sheet of Rs 6,00,000 crore is not big.     
Q. WHAT WILL BE THE LIKELY IMPACT OF THE RBI'S DECISION TO ALLOW A NEW CATEGORY OF DIFFERENTIATED BANKS LIKE PAYMENT BANKS?
A. The way commercial banks have to respond is to continue to efficiently offer everything, which is not just the payments part but savings, credit and so on. Banks have that inherent advantage of being able to be present across the relationship with the customer. But, of course, this development means that when it comes to payments, banks have to offer or have to be as equal to or if not better in terms of the product they offer and the cost at which they offer.
Q. ANY PLANS TO RAISE CAPITAL IN THE NEXT FIVE YEARS?
A. Five years is a long time to talk about it. The requirement of capital also depends upon the regulatory changes that may or may not take place. We have enough capital to grow if I look at the next two-three years.

Shah Rukh Khan  Kajol to recreate magic of  Dilwale Dulhania Le JayengeKajol and Shah Rukh will be talking about the film and share their memories on the show hosted by Kapil Sharma.
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 19, 2014 12:50 pm
One of Bollywood’s most favourite pairings – Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol are said to reunite soon. The couple, who were last seen in ‘My Name Is Khan’, will appear on hit television show, ‘Comedy Nights With Kapil’ to celebrate the 1000 week run of their Bollywood cult classic – ‘Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge’. There are plans of celebrations at Maratha Mandir too.
This will be Kajol’s first ever appearance on any reality TV show.
SRK and Kajol, who are the most loved Bollywood pair till date, will be talking about the film and share their memories on the show hosted by Kapil Sharma.
The all-time love story is still running in Maratha Mandir and will complete 1000 weeks on December 12. Shah Rukh and Kajol will shoot a special episode for Kapil Sharma’s comedy show on November 30 at Film City.
Other celebratory activities include shooting promotional videos and the duo will also give some interviews, talking about their work together.
The film is known as the bible of romance and its morning 11.30 am show at Maratha Mandir still run to packed house Earlier, there were reports that the Yash Raj Films were considering to pull the film off screen after it completes 1000 weeks in December. But these rumours were dismissed by the owners of Maratha Mandir.
The magic of the evergreen romance, ‘Dilwale Dulhania Le Jaayenge’, that released way back in 1995, keeps pulling audiences back to the Maratha Mandir theatre in Mumbai ever since its release. DDLJ has become the longest running film in the history of Indian cinema, as it passes one milestone after another, and is presently running in its 990th week.
In 2013, Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge was also voted people’s most favourite feature film from the past 100 years of Indian cinema in a poll conducted by Sanona, the UK’s largest online Pay Per View (PPV) Indian movie streaming service. ‘Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge was among the first Indian films to be produced with the large and rich South Asian diaspora in the West as its target audience.

Aurobindo Pharma executive shot at in Hyderabad  AK47 recoveredUpdated: November 19, 2014 20:19 IST
Aurobindo Pharma executive shot at in Hyderabad, AK47 recovered
Asif Yar Khan
Tweet
The Hindu
Police inspect the AK47 rifle left behind by the assailant who shot at Aurobindo Pharma VP K. Nityananda Reddy. Photo: Mohammed Yousuf
The Hindu
The AK47 rifle left behind by the assailant who shot at Aurobindo Pharma VP K. Nityananda Reddy in Hyderabad on Wednesday. Photo: P.V. Sivakumar
The Hindu
Police and onlookers at KBR Park where an assailant shot at Aurobindo Pharma VP K. Nityananda Reddy on Wednesday. Photo: P.V. Sivakumar
The Hindu
Bullet marks on the car of Aurobindo Pharma VP K. Nityananda Reddy who was shot at on Wednesday at KBR Park in Hyderabad. Photo: P.V. Sivakumar
VIDEO
kidnapping
Unidentified gunman opens fire at K. Nityananda Reddy at KBR Park, leaves behind AK47 as he flees the scene
An unidentified gunman opened fire at the vice-chairman of Aurobindo Pharma K. Nityananda Reddy, in what is being suspected as an attempt to kidnap him, near Kasu Brahmnananda Reddy Park at the upmarket Banjara Hills locality in Hyderabad on Wednesday morning, police said.
Mr. Reddy, who was not injured, grappled with the assailant, who fired a volley of shots with an AK47. The gunman managed to flee, after biting Mr. Reddy’s brother, who was also there, caught hold of the assailant. In the melee the assailant left the AK47 and a bag in the car.
The incident occurred as Mr. Reddy was getting into his car after his morning walk in the park. The assailant, according to police, got into the car after following Mr. Reddy to the car from the park. Seeing the man pointing a gun at him, Mr. Reddy caught hold of the barrel of the rifle, leading to a scuffle between the two.
“In the scuffle the miscreant pressed the trigger. Eight rounds were fired. Immediately, Nityananda’s brother, Prasad Reddy who was close to car caught hold of the man. The gunman bit him and fled from the place leaving behind his weapon,” a police official said.
Senior police officials have reached the spot.
An eyewitness, who was cycling on the other side of the road near the NTR Memorial Trust Bhavan, headquarters of the Telugu Desam Party, said he heard a few shots first and when he looked up, saw the scuffle going on, next to an Audi SUV, on the other side of the road.
“The gunman shook himself free of the grappling hands of the person I was told later, was Prasad, Mr. Reddy's brother, and leaving the firearm behind in the vehicle, got out and escaped on foot even as dozens of people just watched. I contemplated for a moment, if I could or should chase the person on my cycle, but was unable to take a decision,” he said.

Mahindra to sell its Australia-made planes in IndiaMahindra Group gets nod to sell its Australia-made planes in India
Natasha Chaku     Melbourne   Last Updated: November 19, 2014  | 18:20 IST
Mahindra Group CMD Anand Mahindra
Indian conglomerate Mahindra Group will now be able to sell its Australia-made airplanes in India, with the Civil Aviation Ministry approving its long-pending proposal after amending relevant rules.
The aviation ministry has on Tuesday cleared a few norms for certification, which will finally allow us to sell our Australian planes in India, Mahindra Group CMD Anand Mahindra told PTI in Melbourne.
"We bought an Australia (aerospace) company and we are selling our planes in California, but due to a rule to do with seating capacity for piston engine plane, we were not able to sell in India," Mahindra, who was a part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's CEO delegation to Australia, said.
The aircraft, popularly known as Mahindra Gipps planes, are utility planes having seating capacities ranging from 5 to 10 seats. In New Delhi, ministry sources said the type certification for the single piston engine aircraft, given by the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), was accepted by the Indian regulator DGCA.
The approval was stuck for long due to problems relating to certification for such aircraft to fly nine passengers, besides crew, instead of four which was allowed under Indian regulations.
"We have now amended our rules to be on par with international certification standards and the permission has been granted," a source said.
In 2009, Mahindra Group had announced its intention to be a big player in the aerospace business by acquiring 75.1 per cent stake each in two Australian aerospace firms for Rs 175 crore as part of its plans to manufacture aircraft and allied components to service global market.
Since then it had started selling its aircraft in some markets, but was unable to do so in India due to regulatory issues. Its aircraft are already flying in the Middle-East and Australia.
Praising the Modi government for creating an environment conducive to do business, Mahindra said: After the new government came into power, every roadblock was removed without undue haste and with respect and regards to new process.
He further said if the Prime Minister's initiative of 'Make in India' succeeds, there would be immense potential for doing business with Australia as India would require raw materials on a massive scale.
If the 'Make in India' initiative succeeds, we will need raw materials on a scale that has not been visioned before, he said, adding that Australia can become part of it, as supply chain is the obvious relationship we share.
(PTI)

HSIL s Rs 120 crore plant commences operationsNEW DELHI, November 19, 2014
Updated: November 19, 2014 20:39 IST
HSIL's Rs 120 crore plant commences operations
Staff Reporter
plant opening
With the commissioning of its Rs 120 cr faucet plant at Bhiwadi in Rajasthan, BSE-listed HSIL aims to become the second largest player in the segment by 2016. HSIL, which makes sanitary ware and bathroom fittings under Hindware brand, presently occupies the fourth spot in the faucet segment.
“It is a fully automate plant with only loading and unloading being done manually. It has a capacity to produce 2.5 million pieces annually. On the back on this plant we expect to be the number two in the segment by March 2016. The revenues will also go up to Rs 400 crore from this segment.” HSIL President R B Kabra told The Hindu.
The company now has eight manufacturing plants in India -- two for faucet, two for sanitary ware and four for its packaging product division business.
It will also be investing about Rs 150 crore for a new plant for sanitary ware in Gujarat. The company has already acquired a 70 acre land for the purpose.
“It is a greenfield plant. The work will start in 6 months. It would have an initial capacity of 1.2 million pieces per annum. It should commence operations in two-two and a half year’s time,” Kabra said.

Coal blocks auction likely to be held in FebruaryCoal blocks auction likely to be held in February
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 19, 2014  | 20:50 IST
The keenly awaited auction of coal blocks will be held around February 11 but power tariffs are unlikely to shoot up following bidding, expected to be intense, as the government has put in place norms to regulate the bid war.
As per the draft rules of bidding for the first set coal blocks from among the 204 whose allocations were cancelled by the Supreme Court in September, the mines will be allocated only for specified end-use like power generation and there will be a cap on number of blocks a company can bid for.
"It is our endeavour that power tariff does not rise due to auction. We are in the process of evolving a system, which has not been finalised yet. It is not a revenue maximising process... It is essential to keep a lid on tariff," Coal Secretary Anil Swarup said unveiling the draft rules.
Swarup said the government will ensure that the blocks are not monopolised by one entity.
To avoid monopoly, a cap on the number of blocks a company can bid for will be put in place. The bid due date would be around February 11.
"We hope to finalise the technical bid qualification by March 3. The auction will get moving on March 6 and we hope that by March 16, we should be able to issue a vesting order," Coal Secretary Anil Swarup told reporters in New Delhi.
The government plans to auction 72 coal mines in the first lot. Of these, 42 are ones which are currently under production and where Supreme Court had allowed continuation of operation till March 31.
The remaining 32 are ones which are ready to produce. Request for proposal for these will be issued on December 22, 2014 and due date for technical bids is February 11.
Technical bids will be opened on March 3 and e-auction or price bidding will start on March 6. The government hopes to allocate the mines by March 16. The 42 producing mines currently produce about 90 million tons a year of coal and the remaining 32 ready-to-produce mine have potential of another 120 million tons.
Successful bidders, besides paying the winning price for the coal block, will also pay a fair value for the plant and equipment already installed at these mines. Existing operator of these mines will get the fair value of his investment but will not have first right of refusal or the right to match the best price, he said.

Jules Bianchi out of articial coma  back in FranceThe entrance of Saint Roch hospital where critically injured French Formula One driver Jules Bianchi has been transferred from Yokkaichi in Nice (Source: Reuters)
By: Agence-France Presse | France | Posted: November 20, 2014 11:41 am
Formula One driver Jules Bianchi has been brought out of an artificial coma and arrived back in France on Wednesday nearly seven weeks after his near-fatal crash at the Japanese Grand Prix.
The 25-year-old Frenchman’s family said in a statement that the Marussia driver was still listed as “critical” and that he could remain in a serious way for a long time.
They said they were delighted that he has stabilised enough to be flown to a hospital in Nice, near the family home.
“Jules is no longer in the artificial coma in which he was placed shortly after the accident, however he is still unconscious,” read the statement.
“He is breathing unaided and his vital signs are stable, but his condition is still classified as ‘critical’.” Bianchi, who crashed into a recovery vehicle on the rain-drenched Suzuka track on October 5, was flown back to France on Wednesday.
“Jules’ neurological condition remains stable. Although the situation continues to be serious and may remain so, it was decided that Jules was sufficiently stable to be repatriated to his native France.”
Bianchi, who had been at hospital at Yokkaichi near Suzuka, is now at the Centre Hospitalier Universitaire in Nice.
“We are thankful that the next phase of Jules’ treatment can continue close to home, where he can be surrounded and supported by his wider family and friends,” said the statement.

AIIMSs al fresco cancer wardPrint
Cancer patients and their carers waiting outside AIIMS metro station. Many of them are here for an OPD visit. (Source: Express photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 11:33 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 11:41 am
A look inside the AIIMS campus and all appears unusually tidy. Even the lanes and sidewalks are without the milling crowds. The hospital looks world-class tonight — till you go to the AIIMS Metro station. That’s where you find them: the hundreds of sick and their carers. Many of them are here for an OPD visit.
But Newsline found some are fighting for their fragile lives against cancer. The onset of winter is no help at all.
Patient Job | Create Infographics
Ravi Ranjan (2)
From Arrah in Bihar. Diagnosed with blood cancer when six months old. Has been to AIIMS many times since. On the pavement for two weeks during this current visit. Saw a doctor five days ago. Next appointment a week later.
Must sleep rough till then at least.
cancer | Create Infographics
Phoolmati (40)
From Pilibhit in Uttar Pradesh, mother of four. Has cancer of the vulva. Sick for two years. Has been sleeping outside AIIMS for four months.

Punjab and Haryana High Court cancels Rampals bail in 2006 murder casePrint
He will be later today also produced before Punjab and Haryana High Court in another contempt case. Earlier, the medical examination of Rampal, who was arrested from his Satlok Ashram in Hisar's Barwala town, was conducted at the Government General hospital at Panchkula, with a doctor describing his major health parameters as "stable". (Source: Express Photo by Sumit Malhotra)
By: Press Trust of India | Chandigarh | Posted: November 20, 2014 11:17 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 8:43 pm
Controversial ‘godman’ Rampal, who was taken into custody last night after days of confrontation with police, was sent to judicial custody by the Punjab and Haryana High Court. The next hearing on the case will be on November 28. Earlier today, the court cancelled the bail of Rampal in a 2006 murder case and ordered that he be taken into custody immediately.
The HC pronounced the cancellation of bail immediately after Haryana Advocate General and Station House Officer (SHO) of Barwala Police Station in Hisar moved an application stating that Rampal had been arrested in a contempt of court case.
The bench comprising of Justices M Jeyapaul and Darshan Singh ordered that he be arrested immediately in the 2006 murder case.
The court, which had suo motu taken up the issue of cancellation of bail on November 10 when Rampal failed to appear in the contempt case, had on November 18 reserved the order after hearing the defence, the state and amicus curiae.
Meanwhile, in his brief conversation with the media persons on Thursday after his medical examination, he rejected charges that he had asked thousands of his followers to be kept “hostage” for past several days inside his ashram at Barwala to evade police action in a contempt of court case. Read full report here.  Allegations against me are false, says ‘Godman’ Sant Rampal  
IN PICTURES: Protest breaks out between Rampal’s supporters and police, at least 100 injured
Rampal was nabbed last night at his ashram in Barwala after an over two-week tense standoff between police and his supporters, who were resisting his arrest after non-bailable warrants were issued against him for not appearing in the contempt case.
On Thursday the HC also directed that he be produced at 2pm in the contempt of court case after Attorney General B R Mahajan and Barwala SHO Anil Kumar moved an application informing the court that Rampal was arrested last night.
A large number of security personnel had been deployed around the High Court complex.
Rampal is on bail in connection with a case of murder registered in 2006 after a clash at his Ashram at Kainthola in Rohtak district where one person had died and some others were injured.
The self styled ‘godman’ had failed to appear before the High Court on three dates – November 5, November 10 and November 17.
A large number of people and media persons, including television crews, were present at the High Court where a large number of security personnel were deployed to maintain law and order.
The Punjab and Haryana High Court had earlier this week issued a fresh non-bailable warrant (NBW) for November 21 against Rampal after he failed to appear in the contempt case, with his counsel saying he was “unwell”.
It had also directed the governments of Haryana and Punjab, the Union Government and the Chandigarh Administration to file a statement detailing the expenses incurred in making security arrangements for Rampal’s court appearance.

Jeppu residents in Mangaluru can no longer tolerate the sewer stenchUpdated: November 20, 2014 11:54 IST
Jeppu residents in Mangaluru can no longer tolerate the sewer stench
Raghava M.
Tweet
The Hindu
Sewage water flowing into the storm water drainage at the residential area near Gujjara Kere, in Mangaluru on November 17, 2014. Photo: H.S. Manjunath
For Kavita Bharath, who lives in a house next to a drain in Jeppu, the stench of sewage in the drain has become unbearable, especially over the last few days with the receding of rain.
“It is difficult for us to eat in this condition. It is unbearable. Authorities know of our problems but have done little to help us,” said Ms. Bharath.
She is one among 30 families, living in Karunakara and Sanjeeva Rai compounds, who have been fighting for over a decade to stop the flow of sewage in the storm-water drain connected to the Gujjarakere.
Another resident Harish Arikere said that they had submitted umpteen petitions . “This is an underground drainage line that goes along the storm-water drain that passes across our compounds. When this line gets blocked, the sewage overflows from the manhole into the drain,” he said.
This underground drainage line carries sewage from Jeppu Market and other connected areas.
Another resident Dinesh C.P. said this perpetual flow of sewage in the storm-water drain has affected the groundwater and made water from the open wells non-potable.
Bacterial excess
An analysis report, dated October 14, from the Microbial Resources Centre for Marine Biotechnology in the Fisheries College states: “Bacteriologically, the water sample is not of potable quality” as the water sample has “faecal coliform” and “total coliform” counts that far exceeds the required count.
“We are forced to rely on water supplied by the MCC that is irregular,” he added.
Mr. Arikere and Prabha Shankar said that residents were falling sick and some had contracted dengue and malaria.
Instead of repairing the line or laying new lines, authorities have been reportedly connecting sewage lines to upcoming apartments in the area to this underground drainage line.
Deputy Mayor Kavita, who is the councillor from Hoigebazar ward, said that she has been working to resolve the issue. A new underground line has been planned and she hopes to get funds from the Asian Development Bank.
Mangalore South MLA J.R. Lobo said that he would call a meeting of residents of Gujjarakere shortly to try and resolve their problemsand also take steps to develop the old Gujjarakere.

Arpita Khan s wedding: When Aamir  Priyanka  Karan Johar left for Hyderabadentertainment
Arpita Khan’s wedding: When Aamir, Priyanka, Karan Johar left for Hyderabad
Arpita Khan tied the knot with her beau Aayush Sharma in a royal way at Hyderabad's Falaknuma Palace on Tuesday (November 18) and any Bollywood shaadi is incomplete without celebrity guests. And voila there were a host of them spotted at the Mumbai airport on tuesday afternoon.
Aamir Khan kept it casual in a pale pink shirt as he left for Hyderabad along with wife Kiran and son Azad. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Kiran Rao was dressed for comfort in a cotton shirt with black pants as she carried Azad, who was cute in a tee shirt and denims. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actress Priyanka Chopra was chic in a black top, jacket, cropped denims and heels. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
She was traveling with her mother, Dr. Madhu Chopra. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Filmmaker Karan Johar travelled with ladies Anu Dewan and Maheep Kapoor. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actress Daisy Shah, who acted with Salman Khan in ‘Jai Ho’ also took off for Hyderabad to attend Arpita’s big day. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Filmmaker and actor Satish Kaushik photographed at the airport. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Meanwhile, dad-to-be Riteish Deshmukh was seen returning to the city later in the night after attending the wedding. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

World Toilet Day focuses on hygiene across Indiapicture  others
World Toilet Day focuses on hygiene across India
Widows from Vrindavan hold toilet pots at the International Toilet festival to mark the World Toilet day organised by Sulabh International at Central park, Cannaught place in New Delhi on Nov 18th 2014. (Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Widows from Vrindavan hold toilet pots at the International Toilet festival to mark the World Toilet day organised by Sulabh International at Central park, Cannaught place in New Delhi on Nov 18th 2014. (Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Toilets near City cemetry in qurtergate. (Express Photo by Arul Horizon) 31-10-2011, Pune
Opposit HDIL office, Anant Kanekar Police chowky, Bandra East. (Express photo by Dilip Kagda) 18-11-2014, Mumbai.
Filthy condition of toilets at one of the PMC schools in city. (Express photo by Arul Horizon) 19-05-2011, Pune
Public toilet in the railway station at Bandra (Express Photo by Amit Chakravarty) 17-11-14, Mumbai
Opposit HDIL office, Anant Kanekar Police chowky, Bandra East. (Express photo by Dilip Kagda) 18-11-2014, Mumbai.
Toilets near City cemetry in qurtergate. (Express Photo by Arul Horizon) 31-10-2011, Pune
Opposit HDIL office, Anant Kanekar Police chowky, Bandra East. (Express photo by Dilip Kagda) 18-11-2014, Mumbai.
Close to Sabarmati Ashram in Ahmedabad stands the toilet cafe, the first of its kind in the country where people sit on lavatories to eat. A part of Safai Vidyalaya, started by India's “toilet man” Ishwarbhai Patel, this cafe is used by the mostly government officials and workers of NGOs who come here for training on sanitation. (Express photo by Javed Raja)
Close to Sabarmati Ashram in Ahmedabad stands the toilet cafe, the first of its kind in the country where people sit on lavatories to eat. A part of Safai Vidyalaya, started by India's “toilet man” Ishwarbhai Patel, this cafe is used by the mostly government officials and workers of NGOs who come here for training on sanitation. (Express photo by Javed Raja)
A widow from Vrindavan look at a huge toilet pot replica at the International Toilet festival to mark the World Toilet day organised by Sulabh International at Central park, Cannaught place in New Delhi on Nov 18th 2014. (Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Related

Is the Apple iPad Air 2 a worth successorStory
Fuelling desire
As part of its annual ritual of perfecting its offerings, Apple has launched iPad Air 2. But is it worth an upgrade?
Nidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Edition: Nov 23, 2014
iPad Air 2
The iPad Air 2 is out. And with it a few pertinent questions have cropped up in every tech-savvy individual's mind, especially those who have a first generation iPad Air: Is it a worthy successor? Should I spend yet again for a fingerprint scanner and a new more powerful processor? In short, do I need it as badly as I want it? The fact that most such purchases are more an outcome of a subconscious motivation than rational thinking makes it easy to decide. After all, desires are bereft of any logic. Also, there are a few enticing stuff that iPad Air 2 offers compared to its predecessor and which is why I wouldn't think twice before picking up the new one. Take a look at a few of its features:
THINNER AND WEIGHS LESS: With 6.1 mm depth, it is 1.4 mm thinner than its predecessor iPad Air and 0.8 mm thinner than iPhone 6. While nobody ever complained about iPad Air's weight, the new one is 32 gm lighter. The Air 2 Wi-Fi weighs only 437 gm compared to iPad Air that weighed 469 gm. All these cuts in iPad's size together will definitely make a huge difference if one were to hold it in hand for long durations.
REFLECTIVE COATING: The glare that iPad Air or for that matter any gadget attracts often plays a spoilsport while watching a video. To tackle this, Apple has added an anti-reflective coating to the iPad Air 2. Though it does not completely eliminate the glare, it does reduce reflection to a great extent.
A8X CHIPSET: This is one thing that makes iPad Air 2 tower above all existing Apple devices. This new chip has been built on the second-generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture. It implies that this tablet will deliver up to 40 per cent faster CPU performance. Even the graphic performance has been enhanced 2.5 times over the A7 chipset used in iPad Air. Apple has also added a new technology, Metal. It is optimised to allow the CPU and GPU to work together and make everything appear more realistic. Launching apps, playing heavy graphic games and editing videos will be fluid and smoother.
TOUCH ID: The fingerprint identity sensor that was first added to the iPhone 5S last year is now part of Apple's tablet ecosystem too. Now there is no need to key in password to unlock the device or authorise app purchases at the App Store. All this can be done with a single touch on the home key. And believe me, this is addictive. After using the fingerprint scanner in a few gadgets, going back to the traditional way of unlocking the gadgets is a pain.
CAMERA: Contrary to the belief that people don't use tablets to capture images and videos, Apple has bumped up the camera on the iPad Air 2. It has got the new iSight 8 MP camera over the 5 MP iSight camera on the previous generation iPad Air. This has been synced with the enhanced image signal processor that works with the camera to give great images and videos. There are a few added features such as slow-mo video, burst mode in still image and better face detection. Even the front facing camera has been further enhanced that makes Facetime calls look better in low-light environment.
OTHER UPCOMING TABLETS WORTH CONSIDERING
Google Nexus 9: Rs 28,900 for 16GB, WiFi
Lenovo Yoga Tablet 2: Rs 22,499

Dr Reddys Labs Visakhapatnam unit comes under USFDAlensPrint
Hyderabad | Posted: November 20, 2014 11:19 am
The US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) is conducting a surprise inspection of Dr Reddy’s Laboratories’ Visakhapatnam plant. The inspection, which started on Tuesday, is expected to continue till the end of the week. The surprise check by the regulator is at the chemical technical operation (CTO) unit VI, which manufactures both active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) and bulk drugs.
When contacted, a DRL spokesperson confirmed the developments: “We are still awaiting the report from USFDA and cannot comment on any issues,” the spokesperson said, without explaining the reasons for the sudden inspection on the unit.
“The inspection may continue till the end of the week and we are confident that we have maintained high quality standards including strict compliance,” sources in the know said. The unit, set up in 1990, has a reaction volume capacity of over 570 KL, and is USFDA-inspected and ISO-9001 certified.
“While Indian pharma companies have been meeting the good manufacturing practices (GMPs), the USFDA has put forth stringent norms to maintain quality of products as well as operations, record maintenance and housekeeping,” a pharma analyst said. To recall, there were sudden inspections recently on Ranbaxy, Wockhardt and Sun Pharma manufacturing facilities as well.
A recent report from Standard & Poor’s (S&P) said that growth for Indian pharma companies was likely to get a boost with countries increasingly focusing on affordable health care. However, failure to comply with the stringent quality requirements of developed markets was a key risk. Compliance with regulations was a key requirement for Indian pharmaceutical companies to realise their growth potential, the report notes. Failure on this front would seriously hurt credit worthiness. It could lead to disruptions in production, import bans, remediation costs, and— above all — reputational and litigation risks, Vishal Kulkarni, Standard & Poor’s credit analyst said.
Similarly, an India Ratings report said that Indian pharmaceutical manufacturers will face increased USFDA inspections. This is given the US’ increasing dependence on Indian pharmaceuticals manufacturers. India has the highest number of USFDA-approved facilities outside the US and Indian registration applications have been rising every year. India also accounted for 40% (by volume) of US generic drug imports in 2013. The country’s exports to the US have also been growing steadily.
The USFDA had issued import alerts against 21 Indian manufacturing facilities during 2013, including those of Ranbaxy Laboratories and Wockhardt. In 2014 so far, the FDA has issued import alerts against two Indian facilities, including an active pharmaceutical ingredients manufacturing facility of Sun Pharmaceutical. A total of seven Indian facilities were under an import alert in 2011. The figure was nine in 2012 and 32 in March 2014, the highest ever.
An import alert bans all exports of pharmaceutical products from the subject plants into the US and renders all the stocks of the impacted production batches unsaleable in the US market. Import alerts issued against Indian plants in 2013 accounted for 49% of the total 43 such imports alerts issued by the USFDA worldwide. Large pharma companies will spend more effort and resources to improve compliance, resulting continued…

Modi returns after three-nation tourministers (government)
During his 10-day tour the Prime Minister attended the East Asia and ASEAN-India Summits in Myanmar, the Brisbane G20 Summit and held bilateral meetings with his Australian and Fijian counterparts.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi returned home on Thursday after a nine-day three-nation tour of Myanmar, Australia and Fiji during which he had a range of international engagements.
The special Air India plane carrying the Prime Minister and his delegation landed at the airport in New Delhi at 7.15 a.m. after a 14-hour flight from Fiji capital Suva with a two-hour refuelling halt at Yangon in Myanmar.
External Affairs Minister and other dignitaries receive PM at Delhi airport. pic.twitter.com/RnLy30l9YB
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) November 20, 2014
Another picture of the PM being welcomed at Delhi airport. pic.twitter.com/Yahd6ouRES
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) November 20, 2014
Farewell friend.PM @narendramodi receives a grand send off at Suva airport, Fiji. Heads home after successful visits pic.twitter.com/0zTeYTPMcj
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) November 19, 2014
During the tour he attended the East Asia and ASEAN-India Summits in Myanmar, the G20 Summit in Australia and held bilateral meetings with his Australian and Fijian counterparts.
He held talks with his Fijian counterpart Frank Bainimarama and also announced a slew of Lines of Credit and development aid totalling $80 million for the country.
Mr. Modi also announced $1 million Special Adaptation Fund for the Pacific nations and a proposal to develop Pan Pacific Islands Project for telemedicine and tele-education.
He also addressed Fijian parliament, the first by a foreign leader, after parliamentary elections, during which he said that India was prepared to build a “Digital Fiji”.
Noting the inconvenience in travel due to Visa issues, Mr. Modi announced visa on arrival facility for all the 14 Pacific Island countries and hoped that it will facilitate exchanges and promote better understanding between the peoples.
During his four-city tour in Australia, Mr. Modi and his counterpart Tony Abbott agreed on a landmark framework for security cooperation across the spectrum in defence, cyber and maritime security and combating terrorism, including the threats posed by foreign fighters joining extremists groups.
Mr. Modi, the first Indian Prime Minister to visit Australia in 28 years, also addressed the Australian Parliament.
The two countries also decided to conclude a long-pending Free Trade pact by the end of next year and an “early closure” of the civilian nuclear deal that will facilitate uranium imports to India.
Prior to arriving in Australia, Mr. Modi attended the ASEAN-India summit and the East Asia Summit in Myanmar.
At the East Asia summit in Myanmar capital Nay Pyi Taw, Mr. Modi asserted that the world community must reject any linkage between religion and terrorism while formulating a “genuinely international” partnership in the fight against all forms of terror acts.
On India-ASEAN relationship, Mr. Modi said there were “no irritants” in their ties and they can be “great” partners.
He said there will be “major improvement” in India’s trade policy and environment and proposed a special facility for speedy implementation of connectivity projects with the 10-nation ASEAN bloc.
On the sidelines of the summits, Mr. Modi met Chinese Premier Li Keqiang, Malaysian counterpart Najib Razak, Russian Premier Dmitry Medvedev, and Thai counterpart Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha.

Jules Bianchi out of articial coma  back inFranceThe entrance of Saint Roch hospital where critically injured French Formula One driver Jules Bianchi has been transferred from Yokkaichi in Nice (Source: Reuters)
By: Agence-France Presse | France | Posted: November 20, 2014 11:41 am
Formula One driver Jules Bianchi has been brought out of an artificial coma and arrived back in France on Wednesday nearly seven weeks after his near-fatal crash at the Japanese Grand Prix.
The 25-year-old Frenchman’s family said in a statement that the Marussia driver was still listed as “critical” and that he could remain in a serious way for a long time.
They said they were delighted that he has stabilised enough to be flown to a hospital in Nice, near the family home.
“Jules is no longer in the artificial coma in which he was placed shortly after the accident, however he is still unconscious,” read the statement.
“He is breathing unaided and his vital signs are stable, but his condition is still classified as ‘critical’.” Bianchi, who crashed into a recovery vehicle on the rain-drenched Suzuka track on October 5, was flown back to France on Wednesday.
“Jules’ neurological condition remains stable. Although the situation continues to be serious and may remain so, it was decided that Jules was sufficiently stable to be repatriated to his native France.”
Bianchi, who had been at hospital at Yokkaichi near Suzuka, is now at the Centre Hospitalier Universitaire in Nice.
“We are thankful that the next phase of Jules’ treatment can continue close to home, where he can be surrounded and supported by his wider family and friends,” said the statement.

AIIMSs al fresco cancerwardPrint
Cancer patients and their carers waiting outside AIIMS metro station. Many of them are here for an OPD visit. (Source: Express photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 11:33 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 11:41 am
A look inside the AIIMS campus and all appears unusually tidy. Even the lanes and sidewalks are without the milling crowds. The hospital looks world-class tonight — till you go to the AIIMS Metro station. That’s where you find them: the hundreds of sick and their carers. Many of them are here for an OPD visit.
But Newsline found some are fighting for their fragile lives against cancer. The onset of winter is no help at all.
Patient Job | Create Infographics
Ravi Ranjan (2)
From Arrah in Bihar. Diagnosed with blood cancer when six months old. Has been to AIIMS many times since. On the pavement for two weeks during this current visit. Saw a doctor five days ago. Next appointment a week later.
Must sleep rough till then at least.
cancer | Create Infographics
Phoolmati (40)
From Pilibhit in Uttar Pradesh, mother of four. Has cancer of the vulva. Sick for two years. Has been sleeping outside AIIMS for four months.

Salman Khan to Katrina Kaif: I gave you a chance to become Mrs Khan  you chose to be MrsKapoorPrint
Reportedly, Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif have finally moved in together.
By: Entertainment Feature Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 11:30 am | Updated: November 21, 2014 12:56 pm
Pictures of Salman Khan dancing to the tunes of ‘Chikni Chameli’ with ex-girlfriend Katrina Kaif were all over yesterday and people were quite kicked about the fact that there is no animosity between the two exes and all was well.
But Salman Khan had to really work hard for that one dance with Ms Kaif at his sister Arpita Khan’s wedding. Salman, who along with good friend Aamir was on stage performing, decided to invite Katrina on stage – since her famous song ‘Chikni Chameli’ was being played.
You don’t believe us, watch this video:
Salman Khan, being the ‘Dabangg’ Khan he is, requested Katrina to come on stage for the dance. But Katrina was too shy to dance in front of thousands of guests. (Especially when her current beau Ranbir wasn’t even there)
An embarrassed Katrina hid behind Karan Johar (producer of ‘Agneepath’) but Salman Khan requested Karan to bring her on stage – “Karan please come here, and bring Katrina Kaif on stage…’
Seeing Katrina’s reluctance to join her ex-beau on stage, Salman teased Katrina and addressed her as ‘Katrina Kaif .. Kapoor’. And then the pretty lady gave up and decided to shake a leg with Sallu.
And it was then that Salman surprised one and all with this statement: ‘Mai kya karoon… itna bada chance miss kiya Khan hone ka (You missed the golden chance to become Khan).”
Salman Khan fans would have loved to see this lovely couple together in real life too. But Ms Kaif seems really happy with Ranbir and if reports are to be believed then Ranbir and Katrina will be tying the knot in 2015.

Uninor appoints Vivek Sood as Chief ExecutiveOfficerPrint
New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 11:26 am
Uninor today announced the appointment of Vivek Sood as the Chief Executive Officer. Sood will take over from Morten Karlsen Sorby who stepped down as CEO of Uninor due to illness in his immediate family and will assume a new role in Telenor Group.
Uninor also appointed a new CMO, Upanga Dutta replacing Rajeev Sethi, who moves to Grameenphone as CEO.  All the changes are effective December 1 but Morten will remain as an advisor to the Uninor top management until January 1, 2015.
“Grameenphone and Uninor are currently experiencing significant market growth and they are both delivering on the strategic ambition of Internet for All. Combined, the two companies represent nearly 90 million mobile customers. Grameenphone is an undisputed market leader in Bangladesh and Uninor continues to capture market share in India. With these executive changes, Telenor aims to stimulate further growth and strengthen our position with customers in these markets,” says Sigve Brekke, Executive Vice President and Head of Telenor in Asia.
Vivek Sood is moving back to India from his position as CEO in Grameenphone, the largest mobile operator in Bangladesh. During his two year tenure Grameenphone has significantly strengthened its market position and gained financial strength. Under him Grameenphone crossed the 50 million customer milestone and became first country within the Telenor Group to do so. Before moving to Grameenphone, Sood was the chief financial officer (CFO) at Uninor. He has more than 20 years of experience with companies such as Tata AIG Life Insurance, Hutchison Telecom, Tupperware India and Hindustan Lever Limited (Unilever).
Upanga Dutta, Uninor’s new Chief Marketing Officer, also brings operational experience from his previous assignments as senior vice president and head of company’s largest circle, UP (East). Upanga was part of the team that launched Uninor’s services in Mumbai and became the fourth largest operator in customer market share. Prior to joining Uninor in 2009, Upanga has worked with Idea, Bharti Airtel and Carrier Aircon. He has received his MBA in marketing from Narsee Monjee Institute and has an electrical engineering degree from the Delhi College of Engineering.
 

CBI gets Supreme Court rap in 2G scam caseNew Delhi, November 20, 2014
Updated: November 20, 2014 16:33 IST
Supreme Court raps CBI in 2G case
PTI
A file photo of CBI Director Ranjith Sinha.
TOPICS
investigation
“Prima facie it seems that allegations (against CBI chief Ranjit Sinha) made in the application by NGO (Centre for Public Interest Litigation that he might have tried to save some 2G accused) has some credibility"
Ticking off the CBI, the Supreme Court on Thursday observed that apparently “all is not well” and seemingly the allegations made by an NGO against CBI chief Ranjit Sinha has “some credibility“.
“For us, it appears that all is not well and prima facie it seems that allegations made in the application by NGO has some credibility,” the apex court said while hearing the case related to allegations by the NGO, Centre for Public Interest Litigation, that Mr. Sinha might have tried to save some accused in 2G spectrum scam.
Mr. Sinha had on Wednesday told the apex court that DIG-rank CBI officer Santosh Rastogi was a “mole” who passed on certain file notings and documents to the NGO on the basis of which baseless and false case was filed against him.
Special Public Prosecutor Anand Grover on Thursday said that Mr. Sinha had interfered in the 2G case which is completely inconsistent with the agendy’s stand.
“Our case in 2G could have been demolished, if Sinha’s stand was accepted,” Mr. Grover told the top court.
The Court also said that shifting Mr. Rastogi from 2G probe was overreach of it’s order.
The apex court also expressed displeasure over the presence of a number of CBI officers in the court room.
As many as eight CBI officers were present in the court room, who left after the Supreme Court’s observation.

Nexus 6 up for pre-order on Flipkart at Rs 43 999Google Nexus 6 up for pre-order on Flipkart at Rs 43,999
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 19, 2014  | 11:23 IST
Handset maker Motorola has said its latest smartphone - Nexus 6 - priced Rs 43,999 onwards, can be pre-ordered in India on Flipkart from Tuesday.
Developed by US-based Motorola, the Nexus 6 was launched globally by Google last month and will be made available in India through the online mega store from second week of December.
The 32 GB version of the device is priced at Rs 43,999, while the 64GB version will be available for Rs 48,999. The device will be available in Midnight Blue and Cloud White colours.
With Nexus 6, Motorola has worked with Google to bring users a bigger phone with more screen, speed and power, Motorola said in a statement.
"It's the best Android experience ever with the latest specs and technology built in," it added.
Nexus 6 will be available with four exclusive offers like three-month free subscription of Flipkart First, exchange offer for getting upto Rs 10,000 discount, Rs 1,500 cash back and free pre-selected Flipkart eBooks worth Rs 2,100.
Featuring a 5.96-inch display, Nexus 6 will come with the latest Android 5.0 Lollipop operating system. Weighing 184 grams, the device has a 13 MP rear and 2 MP front camera.
Motorola said once Android 5.0 Lollipop is officially released, it intends to bring this latest upgrade to many of its other devices as well.
"This includes Moto X (1st and 2nd Gen), Moto G (2nd Gen) and Moto E. We're still working out the details on timing and the upgrade depends on our partners' support," it said.
Besides, another firm Asus said its Nexus 7 tablets are among the first wave of Android devices to receive the Android 5.0 Lollipop OS update.
Upgrading to Lollipop is free of charge and available immediately as an over-the-air (OTA) update for all ASUS- manufactured Nexus 7 Wi-Fi-only models, it said in a statement.
The update will be rolled out for Nexus 7 LTE/3G models from the beginning of next month, it added.

Ten texting disasters that will make you laugh out loudPrint
Autocorrect function can be really funny at times.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 18, 2014 1:55 pm | Updated: November 18, 2014 1:56 pm
A typing mistake or an auto correction in your text message can sometimes lead to embarrassing situations. We pick ten such gems that went viral on web.
Warning: don’t read this story in office, you might disturb you colleagues with your loud cackles.
A missing alphabet can sometimes spell disaster
After all, you can’t borrow money to pay for apple sauce
You might be jumping with joy, but it can turn into a break-up if you don’t pay attention to what you are typing.
Think twice before selling Asians on ebay
Wishing a “dead” husband is not a good idea
Mondays are just Mondays not Manboobs
Can somebody actually type this?
Nazi in a soup? Naah!
We won’t exactly call this a disaster.
 

TV Anchor Wears Same Suit For A Year To Prove Sexism Is Going StrongPrevious Story
Next Story
Australian TV Anchor Wears Same Suit Every Day For A Year To Prove Sexism Is Going Strong
Updated:
11/17/2014  9:59 am EST
SYDNEY, AUSTRALIA - JULY 24:  Karl Stefanovic poses during the 'Clarkey For Kids Sports Lunch' at The Ivy on July 24, 2014 in Sydney, Australia.  (Photo by Don Arnold/WireImage) | Don Arnold via Getty Images
reddit
Australian newscaster Karl Stefanovic wore the same suit every day for a year to draw attention to an all too common form of sexism.
Co-host of the Australian morning news show "Today," Stefanovic became frustrated with the unsolicited fashion advice and appearance-based criticisms viewers regularly offered his female co-presenter, Lisa Wilkinson. He then decided to conduct an experiment. He wore the same blue suit on air every day for a year, and, as the TV personality revealed to Fairfax Media, absolutely nobody said a thing :
No one has noticed; no one gives a shit. But women, they wear the wrong colour and they get pulled up. They say the wrong thing and there's thousands of tweets written about them. Women are judged much more harshly and keenly for what they do, what they say and what they wear.
I've worn the same suit on air for a year –- except for a couple of times because of circumstance –- to make a point. I'm judged on my interviews, my appalling sense of humour – on how I do my job, basically. Whereas women are quite often judged on what they're wearing or how their hair is ... that's [what I wanted to test].
According to Debora Spar, President of Barnard College and author of "Wonder Women: Sex, Power, and the Quest for Perfection," such scrutiny of appearance is a reality for many women today.
"We are sadly still living in an era in which women's looks are just much more subject to constant appraisal than is the case for men," she told The Huffington Post last year. "Hillary Clinton and Sarah Palin and nearly every woman who has run for office wind up having their clothing and their hairstyles receive way more attention than they really should."
H/T Jezebel
More:

NTPC hits foreign debt mkt with $500 mn issueNTPC hits foreign debt market with $500 mn issue
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 19, 2014  | 21:09 IST
State-run utility NTPC on Wednesday hit the overseas debt market with a benchmark dollar-denominated bond sale issue to raise about $500 million as a part of its $2 billion medium-term note programme.
The 10-year fixed-rate unsecured bonds are being sold to global investors except resident Americans (Regulation S notes), multiple sources at the merchant bankers told PTI.
This is the third overseas bonds sale by a domestic firm within a week after ICICI Bank's $95 million or 600 million yuan dim sum bond sale last week and Axis Bank's $500 million dollar-denominated bond sale on Monday.
The state-run power firm has given an initial price guidance of 230 bps over the US 10-year treasury bills, the sources said.
A company official in New Delhi confirmed the move and said the proceeds will be used to meet capex plans, developing coal mines and ongoing projects.
The nation's largest power producer has under-construction projects worth over 23,000 mw.
The sources at the investment bankers which include Barclays, HSBC, Deutsche Bank, Citi and SBI Caps said the bonds will be listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange.
Rating agency Fitch has given BBB- rating to the issue, in line with the sovereign ratings as the company is owned by the government.
"We have assigned NTPC's notes an expected rating of BBB- and said the rating is a notch below its standalone profile of BBB as its ratings are constrained by the fact that the government is the largest shareholder with 75 per cent holding," it said.
On Tuesday, Essar Steel's Canadian arm Essar Steel Algoma said it concluded a $1.4-billion to refinance its rupee debt. Reliance Infocom (RelJio) has tied up a whopping $1.5 billion from a dozen-odd foreign banks.
In all domestic companies tied up a whopping Rs 20,000 crore in just two days, including Tata Power and state-owned MTNL together raising Rs 3,000 crore. To repay its existing debt, telecom operator MTNL on Wednesday raised about Rs 1,500 crore by selling bonds, while Tata Power on Tuesday raised Rs 1,500 crore by issuing non-convertible debentures.

Rampals forces: 300 trained by former army  police officersDevotees of Sant Rampal on their way out of his Ashram in Barwala, Hisar, on Wednesday. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Chandigarh | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:22 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 10:29 am
After two days of gunshots, teargas shelling and clashes with followers of Sant Rampal in Barwala, the Haryana police arrived at the conclusion that they were fighting a well-armed force of at least 300 “commandos” trained by retired Army and police personnel, and even former officers from elite units such as National Security Guard and Special Protection Group.
While intelligence inputs have also suggested that this force comprised mostly men in the 25-35 age group, Haryana’s principal secretary to the chief minister, Sanjeev Kaushal, said, “They have used .315 bore rifles, .32 bore revolvers and pistols, other sophisticated revolvers and pistols and country-made weapons to fire at police personnel. In fact, it appears that they have weapons of every calibre.”
At least two policemen suffered gunshot injuries while nine received burn injuries caused by petrol bombs thrown by Rampal’s followers.
A senior Haryana police officer told The Indian Express that these followers were even dressed up like the elite Black Cat commandos.
“Considering their combat skills, they have been designated as Rampal’s commandos. They also dress up like commandos and wear black clothes and even black bandanas to resemble Black Cat commandos,” he said.
Haryana’s Director General of Police, S N Vashisht agreed, “There are people who are trained by retired personnel of various security agencies. These people include retired police and Army officers who are carrying licensed weapons. There are other people as well, who possess illegal arms and ammunition.”
What the Haryana police have not been able to explain is how Rampal managed to raise and train this well-armed force in the ashram without their knowledge.
“There has not been any intelligence failure on our part. Those found guilty will not be spared,” Vashisht said.
He added that of the 280 people detained following the clashes, 22 appear to be part of this “commando force” who have played a vital role in protecting Rampal. “There are 22 such people who have been identified as major suspects in instigating the violence and forcibly holding people inside the ashram. All such people are being questioned and likely to be arrested soon,” Vashisht said.
Asked about the combat tactics used by Rampal’s followers, including throwing acid pouches and petrol bombs, Vashisht said, “LPG cylinders are used for cooking and the same can be used for blasts; acid is used for cleaning floors, and these people have used it to attack police; petrol is used to fuel vehicles, they have prepared bombs out of it. All these things are commonly used, but these people converted them into weapons.”

Congress pledges dialogue with MaoistsPrint
Written by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Ranchi | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:07 am
The Congress manifesto for Jharkhand promises to initiate a dialogue with Maoists. The Congress’s stance during its UPA governments has been that talks can happen with the Maoists only if they give up arms; what the manifesto says is, “…Along with taking taking strong action, we will keep the option of talks open”.
“We will decide the details (on whether they should lay down arms first) once we come to power. But the Congress party’s preference is that dialogue should take place along with firm action and development,” said Subodh Kant Sahay, the party’s campaign committee chairperson for the state.
In contrast, the BJP manifesto had four lines on Maoism. It said that it would explore various ways to solve the problem without going into specifics.
Other Congress promises include a television set for every BPL household, along with uninterrupted electricity. The party also promises 35 kg free rice to all households.
The populist manifesto also promises clothes and a mangalsutra for those getting married. The party promises a bicycle each to madrasa students. It has also promised to increase the number of assembly seats in Jharkhand from 81 to 140, in addition to creating a legislative council.

Sectors see mixed impact from commodity price plungeAnilesh S. Mahajan      Follow @anileshmahajan    Edition: Dec 7, 2014
(Illustration: Ajay Thakuri)
Saturday, November 8, was a working day for senior bureaucrats at the finance ministry. Minister Arun Jaitley held a meeting to review the impact of a global slump in commodity prices. He wanted to know how best India could draw advantage from it, say sources who attended it. Barring aluminium and zinc, the prices of most commodities - crude oil, coal, iron ore, tin and rubber, among others - have all been falling for many months. The brent crude oil price , for instance, fell below $80 a barrel in mid-November from $114 in August 2013.
32%
Indirect taxes collected by the government, with just four-and-a-half months of the current financial year remaining
The government has already used the opportunity to take the politically sensitive decision of lifting its control over diesel prices. With global crude oil prices down, the de-control actually lowered the price of diesel instead of increasing it. But the fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent for 2014/15 remains a concern and Jaitley wondered aloud if, given the favourable circumstances, the indirect taxes kitty could be increased by raising customs duty, as well as the cess, on oil. With just four-and-a-half months of the financial year remaining, the government has collected only 32 per cent of the indirect taxes it had targeted. He also made other suggestions such as fixing the subsidy on LPG at Rs 400 per cylinder. LPG accounted for Rs 46,458 crore of the Rs 1,38,869 crore oil subsidy in 2013/14. (Subsequently the LPG subsidy was finalised at Rs 538 per cylinder.)
Prices of many commodities have been falling for over a year
On November 13, hours before the oil marketing companies were to review the price of petrol and diesel, the finance ministry announced Rs 1.5 additional excise duty on both products. This may help the government to pocket an additional Rs 4,000 crore in the remaining days of the current financial year.
The petroleum ministry too is keen to use this chance to fill the three giant storage tanks - 'cravens' in technical parlance - it has built to keep strategic crude reserves. The three together - one in Visakhapatnam and two near Mangalore - can store 5.5 metric tonne (MT) of crude, enough to meet the country's requirements for 70 days. The cravens have been ready for the last six months but no decision on buying extra crude could be taken when oil prices were high. "It is good opportunity now," says Aditya Gandhi, Director, Sapient Global Markets, India chapter.
The slide in commodity prices has had many ramifications. For some sectors it is a boon, for others, a bane. The oil marketing companies (OMCs), for instance, are delighted. "They now require less working capital to buy crude from the international market," says a market insider. While the public-sector OMCs - Indian Oil Corporation, Bharat Petroleum Corporation and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation - are partially constrained by norms which allow them to buy only 30 per cent from the spot market, the private ones, such as Reliance Industries' OMC arm or Essar Oil, are in a better position to leverage more by hedging prices.
In contrast, oil exploration and production companies are adversely hit. Cairn India, for example, which sells oil at roughly 15 per cent discount to brent crude prices, saw its profit fall to Rs 2,278 crore in the second quarter of 2014/15, almost 33 per cent down from that in the corresponding quarter of the previous fiscal year. Interim CEO Sudhir Mathur has acknowledged that the fall in oil prices - as well as the high maintenance cost of the company's Mangla field - was responsible for the drop.
The brent crude oil price fell below $80 a barrel in mid-November from $114 in August 2013
Market leader Oil and Natural Gas Corporation's profits and net realisation per barrel rose in the first quarter of 2013/14, but market estimates suggest the rest of the year may not be the same - the company's contribution to the exchequer could fall from Rs 56,380 crore in 2013/14 to Rs 36,760 crore this time, an official at the petroleum ministry says. Its enhanced oil recovery (EOR) operations, which add a cost of $12 per barrel, may also have to be curtailed. At the same time, any oil subsidy cut - which is also being mooted - will help its margins. "The lower the subsidy, the more we can spend more on exploration and acquiring good assets," D.K. Sarraf, Chairman and Managing Director, ONGC, told Business Today in an interview earlier this year.
Again, Indian power and metal producers using imported coal have reason to smile. In October, coal was trading in the Indonesian spot market at $68 per tonne, down from $81.9 per tonne in January. In November, the Indonesian government set its benchmark coal price reference at $65.7 per tonne - the lowest in four years. Indian coal imports have already risen by around 10 per cent in the last two months compared to the same months of the previous year. Domestic coal shortage was bound to increase after the Supreme Court judgment holding 214 coal block allotments since 1993 illegal and cancelling them, but the fall in global prices has come as a breather for coal users. Aluminium major Hindalco, for instance, has decided to use imported coal for its plant in Mahan, Madhya Pradesh, rather than domestic. "It makes sense for Hindalco to do so rather than wait for local coal," says a leading industrialist who does not want to be named. JSW Steel is also taking advantage of falling iron ore prices, and has imported 10 metric tonne of the raw material already. The company doesn't have captive mines, and the imports would help it ensure adequate supply to its steel mills.
Leading business groups such as the Tatas, the Aditya Birla Group, the Adanis, the Jindals - all of whom have been sourcing commodities such as coal, iron ore and other metals globally - have been affected in different ways. The Ratan Jindal-owned Jindal Stainless, for instance, the country's biggest stainless steel maker, is hurting. "Nickel prices have fallen and the industry trend is that whenever this happens, orders dry up," says a company insider. "Customers expect prices to fall further and hold back." As it is, domestic stainless steel manufacturers had been having a tough time due to cheaper Chinese imports. "This is a double whammy for us," the insider adds.
The fall in commodities' prices should have been anticipated. "For the last two years I have been expecting this," says Sushil Maroo, CEO, Essar Energy. "Energy costs in the US have been falling. This was bound to have a cooling effect on the input costs of commodities and their prices would naturally drop." No doubt Essar Energy is a gainer, but Maroo believes the overall impact is also positive as it will lead to lower freight costs and energy tariffs. "This is a great opportunity for manufactures to respond to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' call," he adds.
Pradeep Bhargava, Director, Cummins India, agrees. "Manufacturers have been grappling with inflation, so a fall in prices will help make manufacturing more competitive," he says. It also points, some experts believe, to a fall in Chinese demand and a slowing of the Chinese economy, which in turn they hope will help India compete better with its giant neighbour. "The government should also do its bit with supportive energy policies and help industry to cut energy cost," says Maroo. The fall also portends a US manufacturing revival which - along with a widely expected increase in US interest rates in coming months - could offset some of the gains, although lower energy costs will still offer some advantage.
The big question is the future. Will the trend continue, will commodity prices level off or will they start to rise again? At least seven finance experts Business Today spoke to say the third option is the most likely. Prices will pick up again by the end of the financial year. "The fundamentals of the market are fine," says Hemal Shah, Partner, EY. "Global financial markets need commodity players."

Vivek Sood to take over as new CEO of UninorVivek Sood to take over as new CEO of Uninor, Morten Karlsen Sorby steps down
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 13:15 IST
Photo: Reuters
Uninor, the local arm of Norwegian telecom operator Telenor , on Thursday announced the appointment of Vivek Sood as its new Chief Executive Officer with effect from December 1, 2014.
Present CEO Morten Karlsen Sorby has decided to step down due to some personal issues and will assume a new role in the parent organisation Telenor Group, Uninor said in a statement.
Sood, who is currently serving as the CEO of the Bangladesh subsidiary of Telenor - Grameenphone, will replace Sorby, who has been serving in this position since January.
"Grameenphone and Uninor are currently experiencing significant market growth and they are both delivering on the strategic ambition of Internet for All," said Sigve Brekke, Executive Vice President & Head of Asia business at Telenor.
Sood had earlier served as the Chief Financial Officer at Uninor, Telenor had moved Grameenphone Chief Technology Officer Tanveer Mohammad as Chief Operating Officer of Uninor in July this year.
"With these executive changes, Telenor aims to stimulate further growth and strengthen position with customers in these markets," Brekke said.
Uninor has also appointed new Chief Marketing Officer (CMO) Upanga Dutta, replacing Rajeev Sethi, who will take over as the CEO of Grameenphone.
Sethi, an IIM-Lucknow Alumni, served as CMO in Uninor for nearly two years. Prior to this, Sethi spent more than three years as the head of Uninor's Uttar Pradesh (East) circle.
"All the changes are effective December 1, 2014, but Morten will remain as an advisor to the Uninor top management until January 1, 2015," the statement added.
Under Sood, Grameenphone crossed the 50 million customer milestone in Bangladesh.
"I am happy to return to Uninor and to work with a passionate team which is delivering strongly, both on revenues and subscriber share," Sood said.
He has 20 years of experience with companies such as Tata AIG Life Insurance, Hutchison Telecom, Tupperware India and Hindustan Lever Limited (Unilever).
Dutta, Uninor's new CMO, has earlier served as senior vice president and head of company's largest circle, UP (East). He earlier worked with Idea, Bharti Airtel and Carrier Aircon and holds an electrical engineering degree from the Delhi College of Engineering, the statement said.

Fire breaks out in URI II power project in NorthKashmirPrime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated 240MW URI II power project in July this year.
Written by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:09 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 1:22 pm
 
A major fire broke out in the 240 MW URI II power project on Thursday morning in URI town- close to the Line of Control in North Kashmir’s Baramulla District.
“At 6 am in in morning fire broke out in the URI II power project,” Deputy Commissioner Baramulla, Farooq Ahmad Lone told The Indian Express.
‘The workers who were inside were rescued. Chief Engineer has reported that there are no casualties in the incident so far”, he said.
Officials said that smoke is still coming out of power project and fire tenders are on job. “We are monitoring the situation closely,” an official said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated 240MW URI II power project in July this year.

Amit Shahs rally: BJP team to meet policecommissionerAmit Shah
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:01 pm
In adherance to the High Court directive on Tuesday, the state BJP has decided to send a seven-member team to meet the commissioner of Kolkata Police on Thursday seeking permission to organise the proposed public meeting by party president Amit Shah on November 30 in front of Victoria House in Esplanade here.
“Seven of our leaders would meet the CP tomorrow at 1 pm to tell him that time has come to act in an unbiased manner to save the reputation of police and give us permission to conduct our rally there,” state BJP president Rahul Sinha said on Wednesday.
The team comprises leaders such as Ashim Sarkar, R K Mohanty, R K Handa, R K Tripathy, Sujit Ghosh, George Baker and Joyprakash Majumder.
The Calcutta High Court had on Tuesday directed the commissioner of Kolkata Police to meet state BJP representatives and inform it about the outcome on the proposed rally on Friday.
Sinha said the police had suggested them to conduct the meeting on Rani Rashmoni Road but the BJP did not agree to this proposal alleging political bias. “There would be a few lakh people attending the meet and Rani Raashmoni Road has a capacity of only about 20,000. Moreover, why should there be any political bias in a democratic country? If TMC can hold a meeting there, why can’t we?” Sinha asked.
Reacting to Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee’s statement that she would resign from her post if her involvement in the Saradha scam was proved, Sinha said, “After it is proved, she will not have to resign. She will be removed by default. Through these statements, she is trying to strengthen her case. Why did she take so long to react in this manner? More than anyone else, her own party members such as Kunal Ghosh and Asif Khan themselves had been accusing her of being the most benefited from the Saradha Group.”
Asked if the CM’s reaction has any connection to her recent meeting with senior BJP leaders LK Advani, Arun Jaitley and Raj Nath Singh in New Delhi, Sinha said, “That is a mere speculation. I have had a word with those leaders after her meet and have come to know that it was only a courtesy visit. On the contrary I can say that she is running from pillar to post to save her skin as the CBI is closing in on her.”

Bengal government amends Land ReformsActPrint
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: November 20, 2014 11:56 am
The state government on Wednesday passed the West Bengal Land Reforms (Amendment) Bill, 2014, in which the ambit for exemption has been widened.
In addition, the state government has also been lenient with industrialists who have plans to sit idle with their land. Earlier, while industrialists were allowed to keep the allotted land unused under Section 14Y for a maximum period of three years, under the new law they will be allowed to keep it for five years.
The Land Reforms Act, 1955 stipulated that no person will be allowed to keep land above 24.7 acres. But under Section 14Y of the same Act exemptions (where land can be allotted in excess of the ceiling of 24 acres) were made in case of setting up of mill, factory, workshop and tea gardens.
A few amendments were made over the subsequent years, during both the Left front and the Trinamool Congress regimes and the areas of exemption included were livestock breeding farm, poultry farm, dairy, industrial park, or industrial hub or industrial estate etc.
On Wednesday, the areas which were added include fishery, transportation or terminal, logistic hub, township, financial hub, logistic hub, warehousing, educational and medical institutions, oil and gas products piped transportation, and mining and allied activities.
“The ambit of the bill has been widened in such a way that it seems the state government has removed the land ceiling altogether, a demand being made by some industrialists,’’ Tarun Kanti Nashkar, SUCI MLA said.
In response, to the opposition’s allegation that no new industry is coming to Bengal because of a wrong land policy, Partha Chatterjee, minister for parliamentary affairs reiterated the state’s policy: “We will not acquire land forcefully but at the same time we want to reiterate that we are very much in favour of industries. We are preparing a land bank and 99 per cent of its work is complete,’’ Chatterjee said.

Allegations against me are false  says Godman SantRampalPrint
Rampal was arrested from his Satlok Ashram after a two-week long stand off in Hisar's Barwala town on Wednesday.
By: Press Trust of India | Panchkula | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:43 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 3:24 pm
Arrested controversial ‘godman’ Rampal on Thursday rejected charges that he had asked thousands of his followers to be kept “hostage” for past several days inside his ashram at Barwala to evade police action in a contempt of court case.
READ:  Punjab and Haryana High Court cancels Rampal’s bail in 2006 murder case
“Yeah jhuthee ilzaam hein (these are false allegations),” 63-year-old godman told reporters after his medical examination was conducted at General Hospital here.
Asked about claims of his followers that they had been kept hostage by his private armed commandos and other henchmen, Rampal in his first reaction after his arrest, said, “No, this is not true….”
As journalists fired a volley of questions at him, Rampal kept walking towards a waiting police vehicle, jostling his way through the battery of mediapersons who surrounded him.
He will be later on Thursday produced before Punjab and Haryana High Court in a contempt case.
Earlier, the medical examination of Rampal, who was arrested from his Satlok Ashram in Hisar’s Barwala town, was conducted at the Government General hospital at Panchkula, with a doctor describing his major helth parameters as “stable”.
Rampal, who had refused to appear in court in a contempt case claiming he was unwell, was arrested  from his Satlok Ashram after a two-week long stand off in Hisar’s Barwala town. He was later brought to Panchkula Government hospital in Haryana in an ambulance from Barwala well past mid-night after traveling nearly 220 kms.
Immediately on arrival, doctors at the government health institution in Sector 6 here conducted tests on him.
Dr Rajesh of the Civil Hospital told reporters that the godman’s overall health parameters appeared “stable”.
Commenting on Rampal’s arrest, Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar said that priority of the government and the security personnel involved in the operation was to ensure that innocent lives are brought out safely without any harm.
“All throughout, we had to keep in mind that no innocent lives are lost,” Khattar said.

From Aamti to Vada Pav: A slice of simple yet exotic MaharashtracuisineHere's how you can define Maharashtra cuisine - Addictive. Potent Drug. Sinfully Spicy. Unforgettable.
Written by Madhulika Dash | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:41 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 12:59 pm
Addictive. Potent Drug. Sinfully Spicy. Unforgettable. Here is a slice of the simple yet unabashedly exotic Maharastrian’s cuisine.
You can always know a Maharastrian neighbour by the whiff of aamti. A rather simple yet tasteful preparation of lentils (dal), it is one of the few Maharastrian dishes that emerged from the Vidharbha region and went straight up to Goa, and some parts of Southern Karnataka too. Thanks to its simplicity – even a girl of eleven can make it with ease – the dal today has over 51 different versions, and none of it involves any complexity of chopping or grinding.
Aamti, a rather simple yet tasteful preparation of lentils (dal), it is one of the few Maharastrian dishes that emerged from the Vidharbha region
Such was the popularity of this comfort simple dal that Maharaja Shivaji – one of the true blue blood king to rule Maharastra –learnt not only how to make it, but also made it a part of his army energizing meal. It was a great source of protein, easy to carry and could be made with meager resources.
However, aamti isn’t the only legendary dish that has a history to it. The vada (of the Mumbai famous vada pav) is yet another revolutioniser. A breakfast staple from Mumbai to Nasik to Alibaug and further, the vada was a Thursday special when the fish eating Pune Saraswat Brahmin didn’t get his meat dose. But it wasn’t till Bal Keshav Thackeray put it inside the Irani bun and distributed among his party workers, that vada pav really became VADA PAV- today a signature dish that the financial city is known for. Till then vada was a “sukkha nashta” (dry breakfast) served to traders on the move. A Gaud Saraswat cuisine specialty, the vada tells the story of its city through its filling.
A breakfast staple from Mumbai to Nasik to Alibaug and further, the vada was a Thursday special when the fish eating Pune Saraswat Brahmin didn’t get his meat dose.
From the ordinary batata masala, a staple in Mumbai and nearby areas, the vada’s filling takes on the quintessential coconut batata masala as you start heading to the coastal region of the Maharastra, which is known much for its local vegetarian fare as it is known for its lip-smackingly addictive fish and meat fare. The rise of vada pav led to the rise of its other brethrens like the famous Kutchi Dabeli and Usal and Missal. The former, a Kutch delicacy, was later transformed by adding spicy chutney and sev to make it more Mumbai-ishtyle. Of course Mumbaikars did their own addition of spices and onions to make the dish more addictive.

Coal scam: Court orders further probe against firm othersPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:30 pm
A special court on Thursday ordered further investigation in a coal scam case involving a private firm and three persons in which the CBI had filed a closure report while the special public prosecutor (SPP) had differed with the agency and favoured their prosecution.
Special CBI judge Bharat Parashar directed the investigating officer to further probe the matter and file a progress report in the court on December 19.
“Vide separate detailed order matter has been sent for further investigation. Put up for filing of progress report regarding further probe on December 19,” the court said.
It added that after filing of the progress report, it would consider on the point of taking cognisance of the alleged offences against the accused.
CBI has filed a closure report in the matter in which it had lodged an FIR against Nagpur-based businessman Manoj Jayaswal, JAS Infrastructure and Power Ltd, Abhishek Jayaswal and Anand Jayaswal for alleged irregularities by the firm in acquiring coal blocks.
On October 27, SPP R S Cheema had differed with CBI’s conclusion seeking closure of the case saying the court should proceed against the accused.
He had said there was evidence against the accused and if the court feels, it can take cognisance on CBI’s closure report in which the agency has said that “no prosecutable evidence” was found against the company and others, arrayed as accused in its FIR.
The SPP, however, had clarified that no tangible evidence could be found against officials of the Coal Ministry.
On October 14, CBI had filed a revised closure report in the court.
This had come after the court had earlier observed that the probe was “incomplete” and nothing was clear in CBI’s closure report and it was irked over the agency adopting different yardsticks in different cases and not following a uniform policy in its investigation.
CBI had earlier told the court that during its probe, it had not found misrepresentation of facts by JAS Infrastructure and Power Limited.
It had lodged an FIR in the case on the allegation that the company had not disclosed to the Coal Ministry that it was already in possession of coal blocks.
The company allegedly signed memorandum of understanding for small periods with a number of companies and added their equity to project their sound financial status at the time of application for coal blocks, CBI had said in its FIR.
However, during the investigation, CBI could not find any “prosecutable evidence” against the firm and others and filed a closure report in the case.
The court had earlier sought to know from CBI whether there was “transparency” in the screening committee’s decision recommending allocation of coal blocks to JAS Infrastructure and Power Ltd.

Seer accused of rape questions police powers to conduct scientifictestsPrint
By: Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:21 pm
The head seer of the renowned Ramachandrapura Mutt in Karnataka who is facing charges of sexual assault brought against him by a singer associated with the Mutt has questioned the legal validity of powers granted to the police to conduct scientific tests on him.
Raghaveshwara Bharati the head pontiff of the Ramachandrapura Mutt approached the Karnataka high court on Wednesday questioning the validity of sections 53 and 53 A of the Criminal Procedure Code which empower the police to conduct scientific tests as part of investigations. A single judge of the high court issued notices to the Union government following the plea of the swami.
The seer has raised the question of the constitutional validity of the conduct of scientific tests on him even as the Criminal Investigation Department of the Karnataka police which is investigating the sexual assault case against the seer has sought permission for the tests.
The CID is seeking to conduct scientific tests on the seer after a singer lodged a complaint of sexual assault against Raghaveshwara Bharati on August 28 this year. The CID has obtained evidence of the presence of biological material on clothes provided by the singer.
A single judge of the court while issuing notices to the centre orally observed its unhappiness over the perceived delaying tactics employed by the counsels of the seer.
The controversy around the head pontiff of the Ramachandrapura Mutt and the singer formerly associated with the Mutt has played out over the past several weeks in Karnataka.
The seer had earlier obtained a stay order on the conduct of scientific tests on him. The CID has now sought a removal of the stay claiming it has fresh evidence in its hands in the sexual assault case which it would like to verify scientifically.
The case was earlier before another judge of the high court but was moved to a new bench after the earlier judge recused himself stating that the victim in the case had questioned his neutrality in the course of a letter addressed to the President of India seeking justice.
The singer who brought the charges of sexual assault against the seer and her husband Diwakar Shastri has been accused by the seer of attempting to blackmail him to the tune of Rs three crore. The couple were arrested and released on bail after being in judicial custody for three weeks between August 27 and September 16.
The daughter of the singer who is the original complainant against the seer has also sought to implead herself in the case for conducting scientific tests on the seer. The case has been adjourned to November 21.

From Aamti to Vada Pav: A slice of simple yet exotic Maharashtra cuisineHere's how you can define Maharashtra cuisine - Addictive. Potent Drug. Sinfully Spicy. Unforgettable.
Written by Madhulika Dash | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:41 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 12:59 pm
Addictive. Potent Drug. Sinfully Spicy. Unforgettable. Here is a slice of the simple yet unabashedly exotic Maharastrian’s cuisine.
You can always know a Maharastrian neighbour by the whiff of aamti. A rather simple yet tasteful preparation of lentils (dal), it is one of the few Maharastrian dishes that emerged from the Vidharbha region and went straight up to Goa, and some parts of Southern Karnataka too. Thanks to its simplicity – even a girl of eleven can make it with ease – the dal today has over 51 different versions, and none of it involves any complexity of chopping or grinding.
Aamti, a rather simple yet tasteful preparation of lentils (dal), it is one of the few Maharastrian dishes that emerged from the Vidharbha region
Such was the popularity of this comfort simple dal that Maharaja Shivaji – one of the true blue blood king to rule Maharastra –learnt not only how to make it, but also made it a part of his army energizing meal. It was a great source of protein, easy to carry and could be made with meager resources.
However, aamti isn’t the only legendary dish that has a history to it. The vada (of the Mumbai famous vada pav) is yet another revolutioniser. A breakfast staple from Mumbai to Nasik to Alibaug and further, the vada was a Thursday special when the fish eating Pune Saraswat Brahmin didn’t get his meat dose. But it wasn’t till Bal Keshav Thackeray put it inside the Irani bun and distributed among his party workers, that vada pav really became VADA PAV- today a signature dish that the financial city is known for. Till then vada was a “sukkha nashta” (dry breakfast) served to traders on the move. A Gaud Saraswat cuisine specialty, the vada tells the story of its city through its filling.
A breakfast staple from Mumbai to Nasik to Alibaug and further, the vada was a Thursday special when the fish eating Pune Saraswat Brahmin didn’t get his meat dose.
From the ordinary batata masala, a staple in Mumbai and nearby areas, the vada’s filling takes on the quintessential coconut batata masala as you start heading to the coastal region of the Maharastra, which is known much for its local vegetarian fare as it is known for its lip-smackingly addictive fish and meat fare. The rise of vada pav led to the rise of its other brethrens like the famous Kutchi Dabeli and Usal and Missal. The former, a Kutch delicacy, was later transformed by adding spicy chutney and sev to make it more Mumbai-ishtyle. Of course Mumbaikars did their own addition of spices and onions to make the dish more addictive.

Cost of Thanksgiving is going up  but not by much... 
J.M. HIRSCH | November 20, 2014 02:02 AM EST | Associated Press
Giving thanks will be a little costlier this year, but — and here's something you can be truly thankful for — it probably won't empty your wallet.
The price for putting Thanksgiving dinner on the table is expected to rise slightly this year, clocking in at $49.41. That's 37 cents higher than in 2013. For that, you can blame dairy products, coffee and that all-important marshmallow-topped sweet potato casserole, according to the annual informal survey of consumer grocery prices performed by the American Farm Bureau Federation.
The group found that the price of dairy — as in milk for the mashed potatoes and whipped cream for the pies — collectively jumped 25 cents over last year. Miscellaneous ingredients, such as coffee, sugar and eggs, account for another 28 cents, while 3 pounds of sweet potatoes jumped 20 cents.
The good news is that a drop in fuel prices won't just make it cheaper to drive to Grandma's house for the big meal, it also helped keep down the cost of some ingredients. Flour-based foods, such as stuffing mix, pie shells and dinner rolls, will run about 21 cents less than last year, likely due to energy cost savings by the processors, says John Anderson, the Farm Bureau's deputy chief economist.
The group estimates the cost of Thanksgiving dinner by averaging non-sale food prices around the country based on feeding 10 people a meal of turkey, bread stuffing, sweet potatoes, rolls with butter, peas, cranberries, carrots and celery, pumpkin pie with whipped cream, and coffee and milk. And yes, their estimates account for needing leftovers.
And here's something to consider: Though this year's cost is up, it's still 7 cents lower than in 2012.
News earlier this week that turkey production is at its lowest level in nearly three decades and wholesale prices are at an all-time high briefly spooked some folks. But most consumers won't see that reflected on their grocery bills. Retailers aren't likely to pass on to consumer much if any price hike that they are paying for the big birds, and the Farm Bureau actually expects the cost of a 16-pound turkey to drop by 11 cents this year.
Of course, there are plenty of ways to spend more this Thanksgiving. Upgrade that 16-pound conventional bird to an organic, free-range model and suddenly the Farm Bureau's $21.65 estimate can jump to $100 or more at specialty online retailers. Not into baking? Instead of spending about $3 on a homemade pie, you can spend $25 or more on high-end mail order versions.
Or maybe you don't want to cook at all. A complete and fully cooked Thanksgiving dinner for 12 people from Whole Foods Market will cost around $170.
Then again, maybe you want to spend less. Shop smart at a bargain retailer and you could shave more than a third off the Farm Bureau's total. Using the same menu for 10 people, Wal-Mart estimates that shopping for Thanksgiving dinner at one of its stores will cost just $32.64.
But maybe you got off the hook this year and aren't hosting Thanksgiving. If instead of cooking you'll be traveling by car, you'll see savings at the pump. Gasoline is running about 33 cents less per gallon than it was a year ago, with a national average of $2.88, according to travel tracker AAA. And it doesn't matter where you're driving. Gas can be found for less than $3 a gallon in every state in the continental U.S.
Don't want to drive? If you're traveling by train, you'll pay a bit more. Amtrak says its ticket prices have increased an average of 2 percent over last year. Same goes for flying. The average price of an airline ticket for travel this Thanksgiving is $307.52, not including an average $51 in taxes and fees, according to the Airlines Reporting Corp., which processes ticket transactions for airlines and travel agencies. That's up 1.1 percent from last year.
___
AP Travel Editor Beth J. Harpaz and AP Airlines Reporter Scott Mayerowitz contributed to this report.

Judge to take arguments on New Jersey sports books...and
versions
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) — A ruling could come Thursday after a federal judge listens to arguments for allowing sports betting in New Jersey, where Gov. Chris Christie wants to test a federal law that bans sports books at most places.
The hearing is scheduled before Judge Michael Shipp in a case that pits New Jersey officials against the federal government and major sports leagues.
Last month, Shipp issued a temporary restraining order to block the opening of sports betting systems at Monmouth Park racetrack just two days before it had planned to accept its first wagers. He's considering not just whether to lift that temporary restraining order, but also to decide the entire case.
Any ruling he makes likely would be appealed to the 3rd Circuit Court of Appeals.
Gov. Chris Christie and New Jersey lawmakers hope that sports betting could help revive the state's struggling casinos and horse tracks. So far, Monmouth Park is the only facility in the state to announce plans to take bets on sports.
Nevada is the only state where legalized sports betting takes place now.
New Jersey officials intend to allow sports betting at casinos and tracks. But because federal law bans states from sponsoring it, the state does not plan to regulate it if the judge allows gambling.
NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said in an opinion piece in The New York Times last week that he supports allowing sports gambling across the United States. But he said he still opposes what New Jersey wants to do, calling it "unlawful and bad public policy."
Silver wants a federal law that allows states to establish and regulate sports betting.

Minivans do poorly in new crash tests...and
versions
DETROIT (AP) — The Honda Odyssey was the only minivan to earn the highest safety rating in new crash tests by the insurance industry.
The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety said Thursday that the Nissan Quest, Chrysler Town and Country, and Dodge Caravan all garnered the lowest rating on the small overlap front crash test, which replicates what happens when a vehicle's front corner collides with another object at 40 miles per hour.
In each of those cases, the minivans' structure collapsed from the force of the crash. In the Quest, both of the dummy's legs were trapped and the air bag was shoved up into its face, the institute said. In the Town and Country, the dummy's head slid off the air bag and hit the instrument panel.
The Toyota Sienna earned the second highest rating of "acceptable." The institute said its structure was weak but the dummy was protected by its side air bags.
Only the Odyssey won a "good" rating. Its structure was damaged, but the dummy was protected from serious injury, the group said.
The Arlington, Virginia-based institute introduced the small overlap test in 2012. This was the first time a group of minivans was tested, and the institute said it was surprised to see some of the worst outcomes possible for this type of severe crash.
Minivans are at a disadvantage because they are wider than the car platforms they're built on. That leaves large areas that are less able to absorb the force of a crash. Minivans are also heavier than cars, so the damage they inflict can be more severe.
One other minivan sold in the U.S., the Kia Sedona, has not yet been tested. Kia is making a change to the vehicle that should improve its performance, the institute said. It will be tested in a few weeks.

Under Satya Nadella Microsoft emerges as worlds 2nd top firmUpdated: November 19, 2014 15:12 IST
Under Satya Nadella Microsoft emerges as world’s 2nd top firm
IANS
company information
Under the leadership of its new Indian-American CEO Satya Nadella, Microsoft has overtaken oil giant Exxon Mobil to become the world’s second most valuable company after iPhone maker Apple Inc.
Mr. Nadella restructured Microsoft that has been struggling with the declining market in personal computers to focus on cloud services and mobile technology while cutting jobs and company expenses, Tech Times reported.
The effort has resulted in stock surges with Microsoft now the second most valuable company in the world, it said.
Exxon’s stock currently has a market capitalization of $402.66 billion, down from $483.1 billion earlier this year.
In May, the total market value of Microsoft was $343.8 billion but it shares closed at $49.58 on Nov 14, giving it a corresponding market value of $408.7 billion, exceeding that of Exxon’s which has fallen by more than 6 per cent because of plummeting oil prices.
Although Microsoft has obviously done better compared with other tech stalwarts Oracle, IBM and Hewlett-Packard, it continues to face the challenges of Apple’s dominance, Tech Times said.
In the mobile industry, people refer to the company’s Surface tablets as “iPads” and even “knockoff iPads,” it noted.
Forbes latest list of the world’s most valuable brand is dominated by tech giants with tech companies Apple, Microsoft and Google getting the top three spots followed by Coca-Cola and IBM ranking fourth and fifth respectively, Tech Times noted.

Starc  Hazlewood bowl Australia to comprehensive winHazlewood accounted for three important wickets that of De Kock, Hashim Amla and Farhaan Behardien. (Source: AP File)
By: Associated Press | Canberra | Posted: November 19, 2014 6:20 pm
Opener Aaron Finch scored 109 and Steve Smith added an unbeaten 73 off 55 balls as Australia beat South Africa by 73 runs on Wednesday to lead 2-1 in their five-match one-day international series.
After winning the toss, Finch and David Warner (53) raced to 118-0 before Vernon Philander took the first wicket in the 20th over. Finch notched his fifth one-day century when he hit consecutive boundaries off Imran Tahir to reach 99, then took a hurried single when the spinner misfielded.
In South Africa’s reply, opener Hashim Amla scored 102 before being bowled by Josh Hazlewood.
Finch batted powerfully for 40 overs before being clean bowled as he tried to hit AB de Villiers (1-42 off six overs) out of Manuka Oval. That left Smith, later named man of the match, to guide Australia, 242-3 at the time, through the last 10 overs.
South Africa made a strong start to its run chase when Amla and Quinton de Kock (47) put on 108 for the opening wicket.
But de Kock departed after skying a Hazlewood (3-51) delivery to Mitchell Marsh in the 19th over, and Faf du Plessis (17) and Rilee Rossouw (2) fell to Marsh and Mitchell Starc (4-32) in the 27th and 28th overs.
That brought de Villiers to the crease and the in-form captain hit 52 runs off 34 deliveries as he put on 76 runs with Amla for the fourth wicket.
But when he and Amla departed in the 38th and 39th overs, de Villiers lbw to Kane Richardson and Amla bowled by Hazlewood, the chase was in trouble at 226-5.
“It’s disappointing. We were in the game and I got out at a bad time,” de Villiers said.
The South Africans lost David Miller (3), Philander (1) and Dale Steyn (12) for 21 runs and trailed by 77 runs when Morne Morkel joined Farhaan Behardien in the middle.
Behardien was out for 12 in the 45th over, leaving South Africa 256-9. No. 11 Tahir could not bat after injuring his knee in the field and Australia was handed the win.
Smith’s total included a four hit from between his legs.
“I was able to close it out,” Smith said. ‘We played really well and never gave them much of a chance to get back in the game.”
Australia was playing without captain Michael Clarke, who has a hamstring injury which could keep him out of the upcoming test series against India, and Mitchell Johnson, who is being rested for the final three one-day matches to prepare him for India.
The last two one-day matches will be on Friday at the Melbourne Cricket Ground and on Sunday in Sydney.

Chennaiyin put up all-round show to beat Pune CityPrint
During the first half, it was Chennaiyin, who dominated the proceedings with better ball possession. (Source: ISL)
By: Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: November 19, 2014 10:02 pm | Updated: November 19, 2014 10:10 pm
Chennaiyin FC produced a crushing performance to beat Pune City FC 3-1 as they pipped Atletico de Kolkata to the top spot in the points table of the Indian Super League, in Chennai on Wednesday.
Courtesy strikes from Stiven Mendoza Valencia (62nd minute), Bruno Pelissari (70th min) and India international Jeje Lalpeklhua (90th min), Chennayin moved right on top of the table with 16 points.
The Abhishek Bachchan and Mahendra Singh Dhoni co-owned team are on top having scored more goals than ATK, who are on second position, with same number of points.
For Pune, it was an unfortunate own goal by Chennaiyin’s Cameroonian mideo Eric Djemba Djemba, that had given them some hope before the final burst from ‘Blues’ buried them.
The hero of the match undoubtedly was young Balwant Singh, whose assist was key to two of the three goals scored by Chennai and he repeatedly switched flanks to keep the Pune players at bay.
During the first half, it was Chennaiyin, who dominated the proceedings with better ball possession.
In fact, it was Pune custodian Arindam Bhattacharya, who pulled off a stunning save in the 10th minute which was pure reflex work.
It was Chennaiyin’s best player Elano taking a perfect corner that fell into the melee and Jeje was quick to execute a backheel. The big-bodied Arindam was moving towards his left but arched his body back and stretched his right hand to avert the danger.
Elano, who did not look fully fit was taken off by coach Marco Materazzi along with Gourmangi Singh, who sustained a groin injury.
It was Mohun Bagan forward Balwant, who was pressed into action and the Chennayin had a lot of mibility upfront.
Chennayin’s first goal in the 62nd minute was a combination of a four-touch finish.
It was Mendoza, who received the ball on the left side of the central midfield. He quickly passed it onto Djemba Djemba and went on the overlap. The former Manchester United player’s first touch was for Balwant, who essayed a killer through pass that found Mendoza in the open.
While Arindam left his charge to narrow the angle, the Colombian placed it in with a deft chip.
In the 69th minute, Pune equalized against the run of play as Jermaine Pennant passed one to David Colomba, whose low shot saw Djemba Djemba deflect it into his own goal with goalkeeper Gennaro Bracigliano complete caught off-guard.
However Pune’s joy was shortlived as Chennayin again surged ahead in the very next minute much to the delight of the partisan capacity crowd.
It was the two Brunos from either side — Pelissari and Cirillo involved in the goal.
Chennayin Bruno Pellisari marched towards opposition goal before unleashing a powerful left-footer which deflected off Bruno Cirillo’s body to change direction and there was very little that Arindam could have done in this occasion.
The third and final goal was solely created by Balwant, who was a livewire down wide right as opposition defender Anupam Sarkar could only pull his jersey or shorts in a bid to stop the fleet-footed striker.
It was at continued…

The legacy of Clay Hunt: Marine recalled with suicide legislationBy Dan Lamothe November 19 Follow @danlamothe
Marine veteran Clay Hunt is shown here in Haiti in 2009, two years before he committed suicide. New suicide prevention introduced on Capitol Hill bears his name. (Photo released by Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America)
Marine Cpl. Clay Hunt already was a survivor when he deployed to Afghanistan in 2008. An infantryman, he’d been wounded in the wrist by an enemy sniper in Iraq in 2007, just weeks after watching a fellow Marine sustain a mortal gunshot wound to the throat by another enemy marksman.
Hunt didn’t let his wounds in Iraq hold him back, though. He recovered, went to sniper school and then deployed with 2nd Battalion, 7th Marine Regiment, a unit from Twentynine Palms, Calif., that quietly deployed to Afghanistan in 2008, before the troop “surge,” and was spread across 10,000 square miles in Helmand and Farah provinces. Sixteen Marines and a Navy corpsman were killed in combat , and scores were wounded. They eventually were reinforced with more troops sent from the United States.
Hunt left the Marine Corps afterward. He struggled with depression, panic attacks and post-traumatic stress but threw himself into veterans advocacy and humanitarian work, even traveling to Haiti in 2009 with other Marine veterans to help after a devastating earthquake.
Then it was over. Hunt, 28, committed suicide in Houston in 2011 . Family and friends said he had been battling the Department of Veterans Affairs to get his disability rating upgraded from 30 percent, as he struggled to find employment and his marriage unraveled. He locked himself in his apartment and turned a gun on himself.
“Clay’s story details the urgency needed in addressing this issue,” Hunt’s mother, Susan Selke, told the Senate during a hearing Wednesday. “Despite his proactive and open approach to seeking care to address his injuries, the VA system did not adequately address his needs. Even today, we continue to hear about both individual and systemic failures by the VA to provide adequate care and address the needs of veterans.”
Hunt is remembered in new legislation taken up by the Senate. The Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for America Veterans Act calls for independent evaluations of all mental health-care and suicide-prevention programs in VA and the Defense Department, a student loan repayment program that would offer up to $120,000 per year to recruit psychiatrists who commit to working for VA, and a program that would take back unneeded prescription drugs from patients at VA facilities.
The legislation was introduced by Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.), Richard Blumenthal (D.-Conn.), Roy Blunt (R-Mo.), Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) and Joe Manchin (D.-W.V.).
A similar bill has been introduced in the House . Combined, they seek to address troubling statistics and stories like Hunt’s. An estimated 22 veterans commit suicide every day, according to a report released last year by VA. In the active ranks, there were 320 suicides in 2012 and 255 in 2013, according to Defense Department statistics . There were 72 in 2012 and 86 in 2013 in reserve units, the Pentagon said.
Hunt’s case often has been cited as an example of the problems in VA, and it was mentioned again on Capitol Hill on Wednesday. Selke said her son struggled to get appointments with a psychiatrist and felt like a guinea pig as a variety of medications were tried to treat his post-traumatic stress. He told her in March 2011 that he could not go back because dealing with the agency was too stressful. Two weeks later, he took his own life, she said.
“After Clay’s death, I personally went to the Houston VA medical center to retrieve his medical records, and I encountered an environment that was highly stressful,” she said. “There were large crowds, no one was at the information desk, and I had to flag down a nurse to ask directions to the medical records area. I cannot imagine how anyone dealing with mental health injuries like PTS could successfully access care in such a stressful setting without exacerbating their symptoms.”
Another mother, Valerie Pallotta, asked the Senate to put an end to the bureaucracy that veterans deal with in seeking treatment. Her son, Pfc. Joshua R. Pallotta, 25, a member of the Vermont Army National Guard, committed suicide on Sept. 23 , after a four-year struggle with a traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress diagnosed after he watched two fellow soldiers die in Afghanistan in August 2010.
“Our spirit left the day our son died,” she said, choked up with emotion.
It isn’t clear what will happen with the Clay Hunt bill. On Wednesday, VA officials defended changes they have made to improve care but acknowledged, in response in questioning, that $5 billion included in a VA reform bill earlier this year isn’t set aside specifically to hire mental health professionals who could help in cases like Hunt’s.
Senators questioned whether the VA has done enough to curb wait times for veterans who need help. Data released recently shows that 600,000 veterans, about 10 percent of all VA patients — are still waiting a month or more to get an appointment, USA Today reported Monday .
Paul Rieckhoff, founder of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, urged Congress to pass the legislation bearing Hunt’s name by the end of the year.
“Combating suicide is not just an issue that the veterans community should be concerned about,” he said. “Mental health care for veterans concerns all Americans, especially as our country continues to send troops to the Middle East. Twenty-two veterans die by suicide each day. Veterans need immediate passage now.”
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Sebi tightens insider trade norms  eases delistingBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pct
The class of deemed insiders, on whom the onus lies to prove it is not guilty of insider trading has been widened, with the Sebi (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2014, in place. The regulator’s board met in Mumbai on Wednesday to approve changes to the earlier regulations.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) said the definition of insider had been made wider by including persons connected on the basis of being in any contractual, fiduciary or employment relationship. Immediate relatives will now be considered insiders as will any person who has access unpublished price-sensitive information (UPSI). Directors and employees of a company remain insiders.
In a slew of changes, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) also amended the delisting regulations. A delisting can be now be considered successful if the shareholding of the acquirer together with the shares tendered by public shareholders hits 90% of the total share capital and if at least 25% of the number of public shareholders tender in the reverse book-building process (RBB).
Gautam Gupte, director, Ambit Corporate Finance, pointed out that asking a minimum of 25% public shareholders holding demat shares to participate could potentially make delistings more difficult because of the inherent lack of participation by small shareholders. However, others believe this would thwart moves by market operators to corner shares and tender them once the delisting was announced.
Most investment bankers, including Gupte, appreciated the option of making a direct delisting offer instead of a mandatory open offer under Takeover Regulations pursuant to an acquisition, though they wanted more details. Most bankers believe that companies would not mind making the mandatory open offer if the delisting failed and paying interest of 10% per annum due to the delay.
The proposal to use the stock exchange platform to avail of securities transaction tax benefits was also applauded.
The Sebi board also approved a proposal to review the policy that restricts persons or entities categorised as wilful defaulters from raising capital after going through the public consultation process. To encourage investments in infrastructure, Sebi approved amendments to the FVCI Regulations to allow foreign venture capital investors (FVCIs) to invest in NBFC-CIC (core investment companies), as defined by Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
Explaining the term UPSI, Sebi said it refers to any information not generally available and which could impact the price of the shares. In instances where it is permissible to disclose UPSI, it must be done at least two days prior to a trade. The rules announced by the Sebi make no specific mention of whether public servants are ‘insiders’ .
Insiders, especially those likely to have access to UPSI all the year round, can now have trading plans on the lines of those prevalent in the US. Lalit Kumar, partner, J Sagar Associates, observed that it was good to see the regulator aligning Indian practices with those overseas and providing flexibility to insiders. Third-party connected persons must disclose holdings and trading in a company’s shares. Derivatives trading by directors and key managerial persons in securities of the company is prohibited.
Sebi has said that the offer price determined through RBB shall be the price at which the shareholding of the promoter, after including the shareholding of the public shareholders who have tendered their shares, reaches the threshold limit of 90%.
In order to prevent promoters from misbehaving, Sebi has mandated that the promoter or the promoter group will be barred from making a delisting offer if any entity of the group has sold shares of the company six months prior to the date on which the board approves the delisting proposal. Timelines for completing the delisting process have been reduced from 137 calendar days to 76 working days.
TAGS: Sebi
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

Yahoo to replace Google as default search engine in Firefox web browserJaguar Land Rover launches new variant of Jaguar XF at Rs 45.12 lakh
Yahoo Inc struck a deal with Firefox maker Mozilla Corp to replace Google Inc  as the default search engine on the Firefox Web browser in the United States, a move that Yahoo Chief Executive Marissa Mayer said will help boost its flagging search market share.
The deal between the two companies will start in December and is set to last five years, Yahoo said. Mayer would not disclose the financial terms other than to say that the partnership is a revenue sharing agreement and includes certain “guarantees.”
The partnership, which integrates Yahoo search into Firefox’s browser for desktop PCs and mobile devices such as smartphones, will produce a “share gain” for Yahoo, Mayer said in an interview with Reuters on Wednesday.
The Mozilla deal means that users of the Firefox browser in the U.S. will automatically be routed to search results on Yahoo’s website when they type a query into the small box that appears at the top of the browser.
“It’s one of the largest independently-directed search share opportunities available in the market,” Mayer said, declining to estimate how much of a boost Yahoo expected to receive from the deal.
Yahoo’s share of the U.S. search market on desktop PCs is currently about 10 percent, according to industry research firm comScore, compared to Microsoft’s roughly 20 percent and Google’s 67 percent.
Google previously served as the default search option for users of the Firefox Web browser on an international basis. With Google’s three-year deal coming to an end, Mozilla has struck deals with several search engines in different regions, including Baidu Inc in China and Yandex NV in Russia.
Yahoo said it has revamped the look of its search engine, making more use of rich graphics and photos, for the Firefox partnership. The Web search results will continue to be powered by Microsoft, in keeping with the 10-year partnership that Yahoo and Microsoft began in 2010.
Firefox had 10.4 percent of the U.S. browser market on desktop PCs, mobile smartphones and tablets last month, according to tech data firm StatCounter. Google’s Chrome browser was the leader with 33.5 percent.
Yahoo shares were up 1 percent at $51.10 in extended trading on Wednesday.
TAGS: Mozilla Firefox Yahoo
More from industry

Dr Reddys Lab s Visakhapatnam unit comes under USFDA lensUber cabs rape case: Govt cracks down, bans Delhi operations; India blow looms
The US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) is conducting a surprise inspection of Dr Reddy’s Laboratories’ Visakhapatnam plant. The inspection, which started on Tuesday, is expected to continue till the end of the week. The surprise check by the regulator is at the chemical technical operation (CTO) unit VI, which manufactures both active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) and bulk drugs.
When contacted, a DRL spokesperson confirmed the developments: “We are still awaiting the report from USFDA and cannot comment on any issues,” the spokesperson said, without explaining the reasons for the sudden inspection on the unit.
“The inspection may continue till the end of the week and we are confident that we have maintained high quality standards including strict compliance,” sources in the know said. The unit, set up in 1990, has a reaction volume capacity of over 570 KL, and is USFDA-inspected and ISO-9001 certified.
“While Indian pharma companies have been meeting the good manufacturing practices (GMPs), the USFDA has put forth stringent norms to maintain quality of products as well as operations, record maintenance and housekeeping,” a pharma analyst said. To recall, there were sudden inspections recently on Ranbaxy, Wockhardt and Sun Pharma manufacturing facilities as well.
A recent report from Standard & Poor’s (S&P) said that growth for Indian pharma companies was likely to get a boost with countries increasingly focusing on affordable health care. However, failure to comply with the stringent quality requirements of developed markets was a key risk. Compliance with regulations was a key requirement for Indian pharmaceutical companies to realise their growth potential, the report notes. Failure on this front would seriously hurt credit worthiness. It could lead to disruptions in production, import bans, remediation costs, and— above all — reputational and litigation risks, Vishal Kulkarni, Standard & Poor’s credit analyst said.
Similarly, an India Ratings report said that Indian pharmaceutical manufacturers will face increased USFDA inspections. This is given the US’ increasing dependence on Indian pharmaceuticals manufacturers. India has the highest number of USFDA-approved facilities outside the US and Indian registration applications have been rising every year. India also accounted for 40% (by volume) of US generic drug imports in 2013. The country’s exports to the US have also been growing steadily.
The USFDA had issued import alerts against 21 Indian manufacturing facilities during 2013, including those of Ranbaxy Laboratories and Wockhardt. In 2014 so far, the FDA has issued import alerts against two Indian facilities, including an active pharmaceutical ingredients manufacturing facility of Sun Pharmaceutical. A total of seven Indian facilities were under an import alert in 2011. The figure was nine in 2012 and 32 in March 2014, the highest ever.
An import alert bans all exports of pharmaceutical products from the subject plants into the US and renders all the stocks of the impacted production batches unsaleable in the US market. Import alerts issued against Indian plants in 2013 accounted for 49% of the total 43 such imports alerts issued by the USFDA worldwide. Large pharma companies will spend more effort and resources to improve compliance, resulting in a lower number of regulatory actions, the report added.
An industry source said there was a need for prior intimation before inspection of a plant. “Earlier, there used to be prior intimation but now there are only surprise checks even while both Indian and the US governments agreed for joint participation involving the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) during the inspection process. Both regulators have to be associated during any inspection,” the industry source said on the condition of anonymity.
TAGS: Dr Reddys Laboratories US Food And Drug Administration
More from companies

Low Vitamin D levels may lead to early deathVitamin D deficiency can also result in various other diseases leading to an early death, research shows.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | London | Posted: November 20, 2014 10:07 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 10:11 am
Vitamin D deficiency is not just bad for your bone health, it can also result in various other diseases leading to an early death, research shows.
The study based on examination of genes has established for the first time a causal relationship between low Vitamin D levels and increased mortality, the researchers claimed.
“We can see that genes associated with low Vitamin D levels involve an increased mortality rate of 30 percent and, more specifically, a 40 percent higher risk of cancer-related deaths,” said Shoaib Afzal, medical doctor at Herlev Hospital, Copenhagen University Hospital in Denmark.
“An important factor in our study is that we have established a causal relationship,” Afzal added.
When the sun shines on our skin, the skin produces Vitamin D. Evidence suggests that sunshine has a positive effect on our health, but sunburns must be avoided as they increase the risk of skin cancer.
A diet rich in Vitamin D or the intake of Vitamin D supplements can also cover our need to some extent.
The study involved 96,000 people from large-scale population studies in Denmark.
Vitamin D levels were measured using blood samples from the studies, and specific genetic defects were examined. All participants were followed for mortality from 1976 until 2014.
“Our study shows that low Vitamin D levels do result in higher mortality rates,” Borge Nordestgaard from University of Copenhagen said.

India to have 100 million online users by 2016: GooglereportPrint
Google India MD Rajan Anandan said almost all the Internet growth in india is happening on mobile.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:14 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 2:22 pm
If you thought the Indian e-commerce boom has reached its peak, then you could not be further from the truth. The country will have 100 million online shoppers by 2016, according to the Google annual online shopping growth trends report released on Thursday. The figure was 8 million in 2012 and is 35 million this year, showing how the ecommerce industry has grown.
Incidentally, India is expected to cross 300 million Internet users by the end of the year overtaking the second largest web economy. Google India MD Rajan Anandan said almost all the Internet growth in india is happening on mobile. “Mobile is driving growth in every single Internet product entity. In other markets Internet took off on the desktop, in India its happening on mobile,” he said underlining the need for creating different products for thse users.
The survey, conducted in collaboration with Forrester Research, covered 6859 respondents across 50 cities using a mixed methodology format.
The key takeaways of the study are below:
-The growth in coming years will come from Tier 1 as 71 per cent of respondents in this segment said they will buy online in next 12 months. In Tier 1, women buyers outspend men by 2x. And 1 in 4 women are buying on mobile.
-In Tier 3, 1 out of 2 is already on mobile. This figure is just one out of 3 in Tier 1. Shopping queries from mobile has grown from 24 per cent in 2012 to 57 per cent in 2014.
-By 2016 industry size will be close to $15 billion.
-About 65 per cent people buy online for convenience and a similar number like the variety on offer. About 60 per cent think it is cool to shop online.
-While electronics is a popular segment now, the growth areas are clearly home furnishing, cosmetics and baby care.

Govt faces heat in House over power tariffhikePrint
By: Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:13 pm
State assembly’s question hour session on Wednesday yet again witnessed BSP leaders walking out, this time over the hike in power tariff, even as Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav blamed the central government for the continuing power crisis in the state, accusing it of supplying inadequate coal and less power from the central pool.
“State does not have coal. Central ministers circulate lot of messages on Twitter that the chief minister cannot be approached,” Akhilesh said in response to a supplementary question by BJP’s Satish Mahana. Some BJP legislators tried to interrupt Akhilesh at which he remarked: “There is no effect of your saffron clothes.” When reminded by the BJP that he is making a personal comment, Akhilesh retorted: “Yes, I am a making personal comment.” “You got support from UP (referring to BJP’s Lok Sabha win) and so could at least do this much (provide power). People are angry with us as we could not provide power,” the CM said.
BJP state president Laxmikant Bajpai said Union power minister had called up the CM four times but he could not be contacted. Akhilesh again responded: “Are you taping our phones about what is going on between the CM and Union minister?”
“The coal quota of state is still the same. We had posted daily information about the supply of coal on Twitter. Even less power was allocated from central pool. I am saying this on record on the floor of the House,” Akhilesh stated. Parliamentary Affairs Minister Azam Khan presented the detail regarding the coal supplied to each power plant in UP, depicting a shortage of nearly 40 per cent. “You are giving money to other countries and not giving coal to us. Keeping our own country in dark and hungry and showering money to other nations is not fair,” Khan said. Bajpai then said that the BJP will ensure that UP gets its stipulated share.
In another question raised by BSP’s Dr Dharampal Singh, minister of state for power Yasir Shah informed the House that power tariff has been revised as per recommendations by Electricity Regulatory Commission. BJP’s Manish Aseeja demanded that state government forfeit the security money of Rs 100 crore of JP group which had quit the Karchhana power project.
Leader of Opposition Swami Prasad Maurya blamed both BJP and SP for diverting the issue from power tariff hike and staged walkout with BSP members.

Bono suffers multiple fractures after bicycleaccidentU2 frontman Bono suffered fractures in the orbit of his eye, left shoulder blade and in one in his upper arm following a bicycle accident. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:05 pm
U2 frontman Bono suffered fractures in the orbit of his eye, left shoulder blade and in one in his upper arm following a bicycle accident.
Bono, 54, underwent a five-hour-long surgery at New York-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell Medical Center’s Emergency Department. His humerus broke in six different places and tore through the skin of his arm, said The Hollywood Reporter.
The hospital referred to the mishap as a ‘high energy bicycle accident’ after the singer tried to avoid another
rider. “(Bono) was taken urgently to the operating room… where the elbow was washed out and debrided, a nerve trapped in the break was moved and the bone was repaired with three metal plates and 18 screws. The singer also underwent a second surgery to repair a fractured left pinky finger on Monday,” said orthopaedic trauma surgeon Dean Lorich.

Sharon Stone mourns the death of nephew ColinStone'Basic Instinct' star Sharon Stone is mourning the loss of her 22-year-old nephew, Colin Stone, who died from a suspected heroin overdose earlier this month.
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:01 pm
‘Basic Instinct’ star Sharon Stone is mourning the loss of her 22-year-old nephew, Colin Stone, who died from a suspected heroin overdose earlier this month.
The 56-year-old actress is devastated after her older brother Michael Stone’s son, Colin Stone, was found dead in Los Angeles earlier this month from a suspected heroin overdose, reported Us magazine.
Stone’s family confirmed the tragic news in a statement, saying: “Colin was a wonderful talented son. Unfortunately he had an addiction bigger than himself. He will be greatly missed. Our prayers go out to all families coping with children facing addiction.”
A spokesperson for the LA County Coroner’s office said that Colin was found dead in his apartment in Hollywood on November 10 ‘during a welfare check by his apartment manager.’
His death was recorded as a ‘possible overdose, pending toxicology reports.’ Stone had just finished filming ‘Life on the Line’ with John Travolta when she got the news.

Unfortunate to lose Rudhraiya:SripriyaBy: Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:55 pm
Actress Sripriya, who featured in Rudhraiya-directed critically acclaimed 1978 Tamil film “Aval Appadithan”, says the sudden demise of the filmmaker is very “unfortunate”.
Rudhraiya, 67, passed away here Tuesday following an illness.
“It’s unfortunate to lose this unique filmmaker Rudhraiya who created ‘Aval Appadithan’ ahead of its time, which was not only a great film of my career but also one-of-its-kind in the history of Indian cinema,” Sripriya said in a statement.
Sripriya, who is currently out of the country, has passed on her condolences to Rudhraiya’s family.
In “Aval Appadithan”, which featured Kamal Haasan and Rajinikanth in the lead, Sripriya played a very strong role.
The film touched upon themes such as women’s liberation, sex and chauvinistic male attitude.

Domestic air traffic grew in October; Air India 2nd  SpiceJet followsAir India, which carried 11.56 lakh passengers, took the second spot followed by SpiceJet, which carried 10.27 lakh passengers with Jet Airways 9.73 lakh taking the fourth spot. (Reuters)
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: November 18, 2014 10:27 am
Domestic air traffic grew by over 18 per cent last month compared to October last year as Air India’s passenger load factor overshot that of IndiGo which had the largest number of flight cancellations, official data showed today.
Domestic airlines flew 59.25 lakh passengers in October this year registering a growth of 18.31 per cent over the 50.08 lakh passengers flown during the same period in the previous year, the latest data released by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) showed.
However, the total number of passengers carried by domestic airlines during January-October period was 550.68 lakh as against 507.03 lakh during the corresponding period of 2013, registering a growth of 8.61 per cent.
Though no-frills airline IndiGo continued to remain the market leader having flown 18.90 lakh passengers during the month, its passenger load factor was just over 76 per cent compared to Air India’s 83.5 per cent, the highest among all Indian carriers. Load factor is a measure of how much of an airline’s passenger carrying capacity is used or average percentage of seats filled in an aircraft.
An official said the national carrier’s low-cost wing Air India Express has logged a load factor of 80 per cent compared to 73 per cent last year.
IndiGo also recorded the highest percentage of flight cancellations at 2.35 per cent, as against Air India’s 1.45 per cent, the data showed.
Air India, which carried 11.56 lakh passengers, took the second spot followed by SpiceJet, which carried 10.27 lakh passengers with Jet Airways 9.73 lakh taking the fourth spot, the figures showed.
GoAir flew 5.04 lakh passengers, Jet’s low-cost arm JetLite flew 2.42 lakh, Air Costa (0.67 lakh) and Air Asia (0.66 lakh) being neck and neck the data shows.
In October, the airlines paid Rs 88.67 lakh as compensation to over 1,800 passengers who were denied boarding apart from paying another Rs 58.20 lakh as compensation and facilities to over 9,700 passengers affected by cancellations.

Divorce from Tata Motors brings good tidings for perennial laggard FiatPrint
Posted: November 18, 2014 10:35 am
Italian carmaker Fiat, which has found the going tough in India despite riding on Tata Motors’ distribution network, has posted robust growth in sales for FY14, the first full fiscal of operations since the company went solo.
It has reported an 88% year-on-year jump in revenues from India at Rs 3,863 crore for fiscal 2014, according to data with the Registrar of Companies (RoC). The carmaker’s profitability before extraordinary, exceptional and prior period items also rose significantly to Rs 237.6 crore, 30% higher than the year earlier. Net profit, however, fell 19.5% to Rs 216.6 crore. The decline in net profit was due to an exceptional gain of Rs 860 crore that Fiat made in fiscal 2013, and which was absent in the last financial year.
The Italian carmaker, which also owns marquee brands like Ferrari and Maserati, saw car sales in India decline from 22,587 units in 2009 to 8,801 cars at the end of 2013, due to poor visibility and a thin product portfolio. It had entered into a tie-up with Tata Motors to use the latter’s distribution and after sales service network for its cars in India.
The association didn’t yield any favourable results for Fiat and it came to an end in March 2013. Since then, Fiat has been focusing on improving its marketing and distribution channel in India. It has also established its own dealer network and opened showrooms branded as Fiat Caffes across India.
An email sent to the company seeking comment did not elicit any response. However, sources within Fiat India claimed that dealers showed more enthusiasm once Fiat moved away from Tata Motors to market and distribute its cars. This gave more clarity to the dealers in terms of Fiat’s future strategy and led to a rise in volumes, they said.
Following the separation from Tata Motors, which has been finding it difficult to sell its own cars in the Indian market, Fiat’s sales in the country have improved. It sold 11,980 cars in FY14, 87% more than in FY13, at the end of FY14.
During the period under review, the company’s employee benefit expense more than doubled over the year earlier to Rs 127, an indication that the company is ramping up manpower in the country, though there was no official confirmation of this.
The carmaker is now focusing on scaling up its dealer network and product lineup. After setting up 108 standalone dealerships since April 2013, the company is aiming to set up 150 dealerships by December 2014.
At present, the carmaker has four models for sale in India, including the recently launched Punto Evo. Fiat aims to have a lineup of nine models in India by 2016, which will include the soon-to-be-launched Avventura, a crossover utility vehicle, based on the Punto platform.

Aurobindo Pharma looks to enhance focus on peptidesPrint
Posted: November 18, 2014 10:40 am
Aurobindo Pharma is set to up the focus on its peptide business and will be filing its first set of drug master files (DMFs) by the end of this fiscal. A DMF is a submission to the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) used to provide confidential detailed information about facilities, processes, or articles used in the manufacturing, processing, packaging, and storing of one or more human drugs.
“We are planning to file our first set of DMFs by the end of the financial year. We will be filing at least two products and two more products will be filed six months from then,” N Govindarajan, MD, said during the recent Q2FY15 earnings call.
“So, clearly, we have created a facility where we have two modules; now we are expanding it to a third module because there is pressure in terms of filing more number of products,” he said. The company expects the regulatory inspection in the next 18 months.
“Once we file the DMFs by the end of this financial year, we expect inspection to happen within 15-18 months while, parallelly, DMFs are also reviewed; so from there the business would kick in. But there is a good amount of excitement because there are enough customer requirements.
From a technology perspective, we are among the top 3-4 in the global arena in terms of capability, which has been established by supplying samples and being qualified through the sample evaluation,” he said.
“From a commercial perspective, we hope FY17 or FY18 is when these two products will start performing. Further, during the filing phase of DMF, we will be supplying enough quantity of validation batches as well. So, from a revenue perspective, we do not need to necessarily wait till the product gets commercialised,” he added.
“We are right now focusing on the US and Europe but, interestingly, even now there is some sale happening in the domestic market and some non-regulated countries,” he said.
The company is looking at a capex of Rs 600 crore for FY15 for various capacity expansions, including developing the peptide business and spreading out across APIs and the formulations business.
On market potential, he said that of the 30 products, if they reach 15-20, it can result in at least $70-80 million in top line or,  even, $100 million.
Peptides are one of the most profitable businesses in the entire spectrum.
Govindarajan had earlier said during an analyst call that,  globally, there were two large companies in peptides — one based out of Europe and the US, and the other in the US. And peptide companies were at this juncture in the $100-$300 million range.
“By 2018, the peptide industry itself could be $15-18 billion. In the next few years, we should be reaching the range of $100-$200 million,” he had said.
According to estimates, the worldwide market for peptide therapeutics was valued at $14.1 billion in 2011 and is expected to grow to $25.4 billion in 2018 at a CAGR of 8.7%. The prevalence of cancer, Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s disease and metabolic disorders have grown in continued…

Facebook groups now has an appFacebook Groups will still be part of the main Facebook app and on desktop.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 19, 2014 2:21 pm
Following up on the stupendous success of the Facebook Messenger app, the social media giant has launched a Facebook Groups apps for the 700 million people who used the service.
“With the Facebook Groups app, you can easily discuss, plan and collaborate – nothing gets lost in the shuffle of text messages or email, and you can choose how and when to receive notifications. You can still use Facebook Groups in the main Facebook app and on desktop, and over time we’ll continue to make those experiences faster and better, too,” said a release from Facebook.
In a blog post, Product Manager  Shirley Sun said the app helps people share faster and more easily with all the groups in their life. “When you open the app, you’ll see all your Facebook Groups in one place. Groups you use most frequently are at the top, and you can quickly move between each group.”
Plus there is a Discover tab, where you’ll see groups suggested to you based on Pages you’ve liked, groups your friends are in and where you live.
Facebook Groups will still be part of the main Facebook app and on desktop.

Retirement: reverse mortgages with a twist0
If like the Rooneys you're 62 or older, you can use an HECM for purchase to help buy a new home (it must be your primary residence for at least half the year). Lenders will determine the maximum payout, or principal limit, for which you'll qualify based on the price of your new home (the lesser of the purchase price or appraised value, up to $625,500), your age and your spouse's age, and the interest rate on the loan. (To get an estimate, use the reverse-mortgage calculator at http://www.mtgprofessor.com .)
With current interest rates, a HECM for purchase will pay for roughly half of the purchase price of the home for a 62-year-old, says Shelley Giordano, of Security 1 Lending. The older the homeowner and the lower the interest rate, the more you may get. You must cover the remainder from your own funds.
If you take the payout as a lump sum, you'll incur a fixed rate of interest, which recently hovered around 5 percent. Or you could reserve part of your payout as a line of credit with a variable rate that was recently 2.5 percent to 3 percent. The interest tab accrues over the life of the loan, as does an annual mortgage insurance premium (1.25 percent of the outstanding loan balance) and any servicing fees. All are payable when the loan comes due.
At closing, you must pay the lender's origination fee and closing costs, as well as an up-front mortgage insurance premium equal to 2.5 percent of the home's purchase price. (If you take less than 60 percent of the maximum payout, the insurance premium falls to 0.5 percent.) You can roll those costs into the loan. You're still responsible for hazard-insurance premiums and property taxes.
When the second spouse moves, dies or sells the home, the loan must be repaid -- either the mortgage balance (including accrued charges) or 95 percent of the current appraised value of the property, whichever is less. Options include selling the home to pay the debt, covering it out of pocket or simply handing the keys over to the lender.
Before you can shop an HECM, you must be counseled about the program (visit http://www.hud.gov and search for "Find an HECM Housing Counselor"). To find lenders by state, visit http://www.reversemortgage.org .
(Patricia Mertz Esswein is an associate editor at Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

A Global FactcheckathonBy Glenn Kessler November 19 Follow @GlennKesslerWP
 
As world leaders gathered in Brisbane, Australia, to discuss the world economy, fact-checking organizations held their own virtual summit — to check the claims made by those leaders. The Factcheckathon is intended to show the reach and breadth of the growing journalistic fact-checking movement . It was organized through the initiative of  Alexios Mantzarlis of Pagella Politica , an Italian fact-checking organization, and Cristina Tardaguila of Preto No Branco , a fact-checking blog of the Brazilian newspaper O Globo.
All told, nine fact-checking Web sites, including The Fact Checker and PolitiFact in the United States, participated in a joint fact check of statements made by eight members of the Group of 20. We have provided summaries of the fact checks below, as well as links to the original fact check. The interactive Prezi above will also link to the fact checks.
As readers will see, the G-20 leaders had a tendency to inflate statistics that put their country’s performance in a better light.
The Fact Checker has also vetted two other statements made by President Obama during his news conference at the G-20. He earned  an Upside-Down Pinocchio for flip-flopping on using executive action on immigration and Three Pinocchios for comments about the destination of oil that would flow through the proposed Keystone XL pipeline.
(AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
Barack Obama, president of the United States
“Over the last few years, we’ve put more people back to work than all the other advanced economies combined.”
From publicly available data, we know that since 2009, the United States has created roughly the same number of jobs as the 35 other advanced economies combined, and more than the other six biggest economies. This is due in part to the fact that the United States is the most populous of the advanced economies. However, it’s not as clear-cut that this recovery involves putting “more people back to work,” as Obama suggests. The labor force participation rate has consistently declined during this period, suggesting that more unemployed Americans are dropping out of the workforce, rather than taking new jobs. 
 
“The United States is in the longest stretch of uninterrupted private-sector job growth in its history.”
Obama carefully says “private-sector” jobs, which allows him to exclude federal and state government jobs. (Obama is the only recent president under whom cumulative public-sector job creation is negative.) Under that specific criteria, there have been 56 straight months of job gains, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, which is a longest period since records started being kept in 1939. Presidents Bill Clinton and Ronald Reagan would have longer and stronger periods of growth, but each suffered a one-month relapse that spoiled their records. Thus, even with those caveats, we award a Geppetto Checkmark to the president’s statement. 

Innings win for Indian womenUpdated: November 20, 2014 01:06 IST
Innings win for Indian women
C. K. Muralidharan
Tweet
THE HINDU
V FOR VICTORY: The jubilant Indian women’s team after its win over South Africa in the one-off Test at Mysuru on Wednesday. PHOTO: M.A. SRIRAM
TOPICS
cricket
WOMEN'S CRICKET: Harmanpreet Kaur dazzles with a nine-wicket haul
Indian women registered an innings and 34-run win over the visiting South African women’s team in the one-off Test which concluded at the SDNR Wadiyar Platinum Jubilee University grounds here on Wednesday.
Part-time off-spinner Harmanpreet Kaur with figures of four for 41 spearheaded the Indian attack. She was ably supported by leg-spinner Punam Yadav (two for 22) and medium-pacer Jhulan Goswami (two for 21) and helped India bowl out the South Africans for 132 in 78.2 overs on the final day.
Good stand
Resuming at 83 for six, Trisha Chetty and Chloe Tryon batted confidently and negotiated the Indian bowlers well to add 53 runs for the seventh wicket.
India got its breakthrough in the 28th over of the day, when Trisha (35, 158m, 131b, 5x4) snicked medium-pacer Shika Pandey to ’keeper Sushma Verma, which opened the floodgates for the Indian win.
Yolani Fourie (0) was castled by a Harmanpreet delivery and South Africa went for lunch at 131 for eight.
The South African innings came to an end in the second over after lunch, with the fall of the wickets of Sunette Loubser (5) and Marcia Letsoalo (0) to two successive deliveries bowled by Harmanpreet, who returned with impressive match figures of nine for 85 (five for 44 & four for 41). A happy India skipper Mithali Raj said, “it’s a great Test win and I am extremely satisfied with the way the Indian spinners responded to the task, with Harmanpreet, Poonam Yadav and Rajeshwari Gayakwad performing well.”
Mignon du Preez said, “the Indian spinners bowled well and it is a learning experience for the South Africans playing in Indian conditions.”
The scores:
India — 1st innings: 400 for six wkts. decl.
South Africa — 1st innings: 234.
South Africa — 2nd innings: Nadine Moodley b Jhulan Goswami 9, Dan van Niekerk c Sushma Verma b Jhulan Goswami 7, Marizanne Kapp lbw b Rajeshwari Gayakwad 19, Mignon du Preez st. Sushma Verma b Punam Yadav 17, Trisha Chetty c Sushma Verma b Shika Pandey 35, Lizelle Lee c N. Niranjana b Punam Yadav 2, N. Thabethe lbw b Harmanpreet Kaur 0, Chloe Tryon (not out) 30, Yolani Fourie b Harmanpreet Kaur 0, Sunette Loubser c Mithali Raj b Harmanpreet Kaur 5, Marcia Letsoalo c N. Niranjana b Harmanpreet Kaur 0; Extras (b-6, lb-2): 8; Total (in 78.2 overs): 132.
Fall of wickets: 1-13, 2-26, 3-59, 4-59, 5-62, 6-67, 7-120, 8-121, 9-132.
India bowling: Jhulan Goswami  12-5-21-2, N. Niranjana 2-0-7-0, Harmanpreet Kaur 25.2-10-41-4, Rajeshwari Gayakwad 22-12-26-1, Punam Yadav 15-6-22-2, Shika Pandey 2-0-7-1.

Following more record and near-record cold  a chilly night ahead of moderation on ThursdayBy Ian Livingston November 19 Follow @islivingston
Today’s highs in the low-and-mid 30s felt a little better than yesterday’s readings in a similar range, largely due to lower wind speeds. Still pretty darn cold though. For many spots west of D.C., only a brief period above freezing has occurred in the past two days. Everyone’s in the icebox again tonight before we thaw out a bit on Thursday.
Through Tonight: Skies remain mostly clear this evening, but we may see periods of cloudier times overnight. That doesn’t help us much on the temperature front though as lows still dip to the mid-20s and near 30. Winds are from the southwest around 10 mph with higher gusts.
Tomorrow (Thursday): We’re greeted by mostly sunny skies and that’s the way we spend most of the day. It almost feels toasty out there, with highs rising to the low-and-mid 40s most spots. Winds are from the west around 10-15 mph, and they help it feel a bit cooler than it is at times.
See Dan Stillman’s forecast through the weekend . And if you haven’t already, join us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter . For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock.
Rain falls in Arlington on Monday. (Erinn Shirley via Flickr )
More records: Both Dulles and Baltimore broke record low maximum temperatures for November 19 today. The high at both was 34 degrees. Dulles bested the prior record of 38 in 2008. BWI beat the previous record of 35 waaaaaay back in 1880. D.C. hit
at least 37
38 for a high, which misses the record, but still makes it a top 5 coldest November 19 in history. It also becomes the coldest day so early in the season since 1996 for the city.
Model analyzed temperatures at 3 p.m. near daytime highs. (Weatherbell.com)
Ian Livingston is a forecaster/photographer and information lead for the Capital Weather Gang. By day, Ian is a defense and national security researcher at a D.C. think tank.

As NBC distances itself from Cosby  a decades-long career crumblesBy Paul Farhi November 19 Follow @farhip
Comedian Bill Cosby speaks at the Jackie Robinson Foundation annual Awards Dinner at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in New York. (Stan Honda/AFP/Getty Images)
Bill Cosby’s dazzling, decades-long career as one of America’s most beloved entertainers appeared to be toppling this week amid a succession of allegations painting Cosby as a serial sexual predator.
On Wednesday, NBC — the network that roared back to television supremacy in the 1980s thanks to Cosby’s warmhearted family sitcom — joined the list of entertainment companies and TV programs that have abandoned projects or distanced themselves from the 77-year-old comedian and actor amid the cascade of shocking headlines.
NBC scrapped development of an upcoming TV sitcom starring Cosby, one day after Netflix, the video streaming service, backed away from a special that would have saluted Cosby for his long career and comic gifts. Also on Wednesday, cable’s TVLand channel said it would stop airing re-runs of “The Cosby Show,” his iconic, career-making sitcom. Scheduled appearances on “The Queen Latifah Show” and “Late Show with David Letterman” have also been canceled in recent weeks.
Cosby’s growing isolation from an industry that once embraced and profited from him comes amid a series of testimonials from women who said he drugged them and sexually abused them over three and a half decades — an image diametrically opposed to the affable father and humorous grandpa figures that Cosby cultivated.
The allegations, which date from 1969 until 2005, have been remarkably consistent in their details. In each alleged instance, Cosby supposedly lured a young, ambitious woman seeking career counseling, plied her with an unknown substance that disabled her, and then abused her when she was unconscious or unable to resist.
Cosby has rarely spoken in public about the allegations. That includes earlier this month when he simply shook his head when asked repeatedly about them in an interview with NPR. His representatives have denied them repeatedly, and he has never been charged with a crime.
The Associated Press reviewed an on camera interview with Bill Cosby earlier this month and made the decision to publish his full reaction to questions about sexual assault allegations which has recently received increasing attention. (AP)
In 2005, a Philadelphia woman, Andrea Constand, filed a civil suit that claimed Cosby had sexually assaulted her and offered her money to keep her allegations from becoming public. More than a dozen women were reportedly prepared to testify in that case, saying Cosby had assaulted them, but the suit was settled out of court.
On Wednesday, Cosby’s camp denied renewed sex-assault allegations by TV host and former supermodel Janice Dickinson, and Cosby attorney Martin Singer, in a new letter, warned journalists who are covering this story: “You proceed at your own peril.”
The reversal of Cosby’s fortunes surely represents one of the hardest downfalls in contemporary American life. Cosby’s breakthrough as a stand-up comic and TV star of the 1960s marked him not only as an entertainer of the first rank but as an avatar of African-American advancement. His popularity among black and white audiences has bridged generations and virtually every medium: Recordings, television, movies, books and nightclub appearances.
Cosby’s early comedic performances and best-selling albums earned him comparisons to Mark Twain as a humorous storyteller. His best-selling books about family life and fatherhood, as well as his role as Cliff Huxtable, the wise and affable patriarch on “The Cosby Show” in the 1980s, turned him into a genial sage, America’s de facto dad.
Though Netflix’s decision to disassociate itself from Cosby came at the 11th hour — its Cosby comedy special was set to begin streaming on Thanksgiving next week — NBC’s abandonment of its latest Cosby project may have been the deepest blow of all.
The network is the most closely associated with Cosby’s career. It broadcast three hit series with him as the star, including his first, “I Spy,” (1965-68), which was daring for its time in its casting of an African-American actor in a leading role. Cosby played an espionage agent whose cover was as a tennis trainer; he shared top billing with a white counterpart (Robert Culp).
Cosby also starred for NBC in a solo sitcom, “The Bill Cosby Show,” (1969-1971), in which he played a high-school physical education teacher.
But it was the ensemble “The Cosby Show” (1984-92) that proved to be a juggernaut, not just for its star but for its network. The program helped boost the sitcom format generally, and NBC in particular after its disastrous run in primetime from the late 1970s through the mid-1980s. “Cosby” topped the Nielsen ratings for five of its eight seasons, and sparked NBC’s “Must-See TV” renaissance of the 1990s, an era that included “Seinfeld,” “Friends,” and “ER.”
At one point in the early 1990s, Cosby discussed buying NBC from its then-owner, General Electric Co.
In a conference with reporters this summer, NBC entertainment president Jennifer Salke described the network’s unnamed new Cosby vehicle as a “multi-generational family show” in which Cosby would play “the patriarch of the family, dispensing his classic wisdom on relationships and parenthood.”
Though the project was still in its early stages — there was no script and it had not been officially set for production by network executives — further development was apparently impossible in the wake of the latest allegations. The network confirmed that it was stopping development Wednesday but had no further comment
On Tuesday, former “America’s Next Top Model” judge Janice Dickinson became the fifth woman to publicly say that she was sexually assaulted by Cosby. “Stuffing feelings of rape and my unresolved issues from this incident . . . drove me into a life of trying to hurt myself,” the former supermodel told “Entertainment Tonight.” Cosby’s lawyer called Dickinson’s claims “a complete lie.”
The allegations against Cosby have been reported periodically and sporadically since Constand’s suit in 2005. They got renewed buzz this fall, ironically, when a new Cosby biography, “Cosby: His Life and Times,” by former CNN and NBC executive Mark Whitaker, conspicuously failed to mention them.
The story burst back into the mainstream in October when comedian Hannibal Buress called Cosby a rapist in his stand-up act, and a video of his routine went viral.
The tipping point may have been reached last Thursday when former actress Barbara Bowman wrote a first-person account for The Post called “Bill Cosby raped me. Why did it take 30 years for people to believe my story?” The story was widely shared on social media and sparked numerous follow-up stories by the mainstream media.
Cosby’s career as a live performer may be his last haven, albeit a tenuous one. He is scheduled to perform a show in Melbourne, Fla., on Friday. The show, which was booked in 2013, is sold out. Promoters said Wednesday that they intend to proceed with it. Calls to Cosby’s publicist were not returned.
RELATED READING:

Trai recommends online registration for  platform servicesTrai recommends online registration system for 'platform services' by DPOs
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 10:55 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
To create a regulatory framework for platform services offered by Distribution Platform Operators (DPOs), the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India ( Trai ) has recommended that Information and Broadcast Ministry should establish a simple online registration system for such services.
In recommendations, released on Wednesday, the broadcasting sector regulator said that unlike private satellite TV channels, which are regulated under guidelines, neither the platform services nor channels distributed by ground-based broadcasters are presently subject to any specific regulations or guidelines.
Since there is no registration system in place for platform services offered by DPOs or the ground-based channels, neither the I&B ministry nor any other agency has full information about what is being shown on TV networks, Trai said.
Therefore, the regulator said, there is an urgent need to ensure that these programming services are brought within a "robust and fair" regulatory system.
Earlier, the I&B ministry had sought Trai recommendations on issues including those related to ground based channels being operated at the level of cable TV operators.
In its recommendations, the regulatory body defined 'Platform services', as those programs transmitted by DPOs like MSOs, local cable operators, DTH operators etc exclusively to their subscribers and does not include Doordarshan channels and registered TV channels. These services however shall not include foreign TV channels not registered in India, the Trai definition said.
The sector regulator recommended that all DPOs shall register their 'Platform Services' channels with the MIB on a simple online registration system, set up by it.
As far as carrying local news and current affairs bulletins on Platform Services is concerned, information about local events sourced locally, traffic, weather, cultural events and public announcements will be treated as non-news and current affairs broadcast and therefore, be permissible, Trai said.
In the recommendations, it also suggested that DPOs desirous of providing platform services must be incorporated as a company under the Indian Companies Act, 2013.
In a statement issued in the national capital, Trai said that in addition to the recommendations on platform services, it had suo motu made recommendations for a regulatory framework for ground based broadcasters as well.
This has been done to ensure that any TV channel that is distributed on any TV network in the country is covered by a regulatory framework, whether it is obtained from a satellite based broadcaster, produced by a network operator or sourced from a terrestrial broadcaster.
The recommendations for the ground-based broadcasters are largely the same as that for the satellite broadcasters, barring the requirements of seeking spectrum and approvals in that regard from Department of Telecom and Department of Space, Trai said in the statement.
Retransmission of FM radio channels on TV channel distribution networks has been recommended provided that all the legal rights to do so are obtained, Trai said.
However, the Authority has said that this matter will be revisited at a later point in time, once the FM radio industry fully develops in the country.

Srikanth retains his midas touchIn a battle that lasted one hour and six minutes, Kidambi Srikanth could wear down Chen to claim the decider 21-16 (Source: AP)
By: Express News Service | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:56 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 11:04 am
China Open champion Kidambi Srikanth continued his big-hunting run, bringing down Taipei’s World No.8 Chou Tien Chen at the season’s last Super series event at Hong Kong, fighting back against the seventh seed to win 18-21, 22-20, 21-16.
The Indian, who scored a sensational victory over Chinese Olympic champ Lin Dan three days ago, was a few moments and two points away from exiting in the opener at Hong Kong, but riposted fighting back from the corner at 20-all, a set down in the second to down the pugnacious Taipese.
In a battle that lasted one hour and six minutes, Srikanth could wear down Chen — who incidentally had troubled Lin Dan with his stubborn game last week — to claim the decider 21-16, and move into the second round. Srikanth, ranked No.16, next plays Tanongsak Saensomboonsuk of Thailand, who outran Parupalli Kashyap 16-21, 21-17, 21-14 in 58 minutes.
Clinical Sindhu
World Championship bronze medallist PV Sindhu returned from illness and played a typical 21-15, 16-21, 21-19 thriller against Busanan Ongbumrungpan as she brought drama into the third set, after leading 19-16.
The unseeded Thai threatened to close the gap as the match neared 50 minutes, but Sindhu held on to proceed to the next round where she meets the tricky Japanese Nozomi Okuhara.
Ajay Jayaram returning from a long injury lay-off however, could not hold up to the blitzing challenge of Chen Long, going down 21-13, 21-7.
RMV Gurusaidutt did well to level the sets against Sho Sasaki, but could not finish out going down 15-21, 21-15, 20-22 in an hour long encounter where the experienced Japanese denied the Indian the last kill. Women’s champ from China last week, Saina Nehwal, was clinical in dismissing Jamie Subandhi of the US 21-17, 21-11 in a mere 27 minutes.
She is up against another American — this time of Chinese origin, Beiwen Zhang, an obdurate player who came from a set down against Russian Ksenia Polikarpova. Saina is drawn in the same half as Shixian Wang and will be looking to conserve energy in her second straight week on the courts as she attempts to win a title she last won in her dream season of 2010.
Jwala-Ashwini flounder
Doubles continued to flounder on the Super Series circuit this year with Jwala Gutta-Ashwini Ponappa unable to make good their good start and going down 21-16, 14-21, 21-23 against Yin Loo Lim and Lee Meng Yean of Malaysia. The men’s doubles pairing of Manu Attri- B Sumeeth Reddy were overpowered by World No 2 Mohammad Ahsan and Hendra Setiawan of Indonesia 21-15, 21-17.

Asia shares hurt by soft China data  yen slidesThe disappointing economic developments abroad overshadowed Friday's robust U.S. jobs report, which revived bets the Federal Reserve might consider ending its near-zero interest rate policy in mid-2015.
Even so, Wall Street stocks proved to be fairly resilient.
"The other side of it, too, is many of these other countries are taking some efforts to stimulate as well. People are looking at is as temporary, and somewhere down the line as those economies get stronger, everybody will be in pretty good shape," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle, Illinois
In early U.S. trading, the Dow Jones industrial average fell 5.52 points, or 0.03 percent, to 17,953.27, the S&P 500 slipped 0.88 point, or 0.04 percent, to 2,074.49, and the Nasdaq Composite shed 9.00 points, or 0.19 percent, to 4,789.75.
The FTSEurofirst 300 fell 0.6 percent to 1,396.79, while Toyko's Nikkei eked out a 0.08 percent gain.
The MSCI world equity index, which tracks shares in 45 nations, fell 1.21 points, or 0.28 percent, to 423.54.
In the currency market, the euro fell to a more than 2-1/2-year low against the greenback at $1.2247 before rebounding to $1.2292 in U.S. trading.
The dollar also retreated against the yen and other major currencies as traders booked some profits on the greenback's recent gains linked to expectations the Federal Reserve might raise interest rates sooner in 2015 than had been expected.
The dollar was down 0.5 percent at 120.80 yen.
Bets on a fresh round of ECB stimulus in the first quarter of 2015 helped boost the prices of U.S. and German government bonds. Benchmark 10-year U.S. yields fell 2.29 percent and 10-year Bund yields declined to 0.72 percent.
In the energy market, Brent crude fell more than $2 a barrel to a five-year low of $66.35 on predictions that oversupply would keep building until next year after OPEC decided not to cut output.
Spot gold prices edged up 0.07 percent at $1,192.44 an ounce on some safe-haven demand on the modest losses in U.S. and European equity prices.
(Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak in New York; John Geddie, Patrick Graham in London; Blaise Robinson in Paris; and the China economics team; Editing by Leslie Adler)

Cleveland preps for fastest Internet available...and
versions
CLEVELAND (AP) — Sometime next year, Cleveland will become the first city in the country to offer commercial Internet service at 100 gigabits per second, city and local officials said.
An announcement about the project is scheduled for Friday in Cleveland. Officials hope the availability of exponentially faster Internet service will be a catalyst for attracting startups and existing technology companies to the city's burgeoning Health-Tech Corridor.
One hundred gigabits per second is more than 300 times faster than the average download speed of residential Internet service in the U.S. The increased speed should allow health care providers and technology companies to move high-definition image files much faster than currently available speeds allow.
Those involved in the project acknowledge there's currently not much demand in Cleveland for speeds of 100 gigabits. But they say that the evolution of technology should soon make it relevant and that the network provides a strong selling point when courting companies to locate to Cleveland.
The nonprofit OneCommunity worked with the city to obtain a $714,000 grant from the U.S. Economic Development Administration to help pay for the $1 million project.
"We're building a network for the art of the possible," said OneCommunity CEO Lev Gonick said.
Plans call for completion of the 3-mile Internet "pipeline" between Case Western Reserve University and ideastream, Cleveland's public radio and television organization, by next summer.
Sue Workman, Case Western's vice president of information technology services, said upgrading to a 100 gigabit network will allow for greater use of high-performance learning applications and will help feed the school's ever-growing need for bandwidth.
Ohio colleges and universities have had for the past two years limited access to a 100-gigabit network through the Ohio Technology Consortium based at Ohio State University. Gonick said Cleveland's new network will provide connectivity to Columbus and other Ohio cities that currently does not exist.
ByteGrid, a national company that is expanding an existing data center near downtown Cleveland, will be connecting with the 100 gigabit network. That will allow the company to sell data storage and retrieval services at speeds not previously available.
"It's going to be a big opportunity for Cleveland," said Don Goodwin, Bytegrid's executive vice president of sales and marketing. "We're excited to be part of it."

China: Australia trade deal won t hurt New Zealand...and
versions
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — Chinese President Xi Jinping said Thursday that his country's trade deal with Australia won't hurt neighboring New Zealand because demand from the world's No. 2 economy remains strong.
Xi spoke to media as he swung through New Zealand at the end of a month of courting international leaders. He went so far as to write an open letter to New Zealanders, describing their country as a "shining pearl" on the Pacific Ocean.
China and Australia signed a preliminary free-trade deal earlier this week. Xi said people have been asking him if that will have a negative impact on New Zealand, which signed a free trade agreement with China in 2008.
"China has 1.3 billion people and our market is huge," he said. New Zealand's dairy products and other exports including wool, beef and seafood remain very popular in China, Xi said.
"So worries that New Zealand does not have a market for its products in China are totally unnecessary," he said. "On the contrary, possibly New Zealand will have to worry about the fact that there is more Chinese demand than you can possibly supply."
Xi's comments drew laughter and were among the less scripted moments of his carefully orchestrated visit.
Earlier, Xi had been greeted with an indigenous Maori welcome at Government House.
His motorcade, featuring the distinctive Red Flag limousine, drove past both supporters and protesters, some of whom held signs of the Falun Gong spiritual movement, which is banned in China.
Trade between New Zealand and China has grown rapidly since the 2008 agreement which was China's first free trade pact with a developed nation. China recently displaced Australia as New Zealand's largest trading partner.
Some New Zealanders have become concerned about the growing level of Chinese investment in their country. Prime Minister John Key said Thursday he believes it benefits both countries.
"My view is we've got a lot of room to move yet before we would get anywhere near feeling uncomfortable," he said.
This month, Xi hosted international leaders at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Beijing and attended the G-20 summit in Australia.

Surrogate sushi: Japan biotech for bluefin tuna... 
ELAINE KURTENBACH | November 20, 2014 02:07 AM EST | Associated Press
TATEYAMA, Japan (AP) — Of all the overfished fish in the seas, luscious, fatty bluefin tuna are among the most threatened. Marine scientist Goro Yamazaki, who is known in this seaside community as "Young Mr. Fish," is working to ensure the species survives.
Yamazaki is fine-tuning a technology to use mackerel surrogates to spawn the bluefin, a process he hopes will enable fisheries to raise the huge, torpedo-shaped fish more quickly and at lower cost than conventional aquaculture. The aim: to relieve pressure on wild fish stocks while preserving vital genetic diversity.
Yamazaki, 48, grew up south of Tokyo in the ancient Buddhist capital of Kamakura, fishing and swimming at nearby beaches. His inspiration hit 15 years ago while he was out at sea during graduate studies at the Tokyo University of Marine Science and Technology, and a school of bluefin tuna streaked by.
"They swam just under the boat, and they were shining metallic blue. A beautiful animal," Yamazaki said. "Before that, tuna was just an ingredient in sushi or sashimi, but that experience changed bluefin tuna into a wild animal to me."
An animal, that like so many other species, is endangered due to soaring consumption and aggressive modern harvesting methods that have transformed the bluefin, also known as "honmaguro" and "kuromaguro," from a delicacy into a commonly available, if pricey, option at any sushi bar.
This month, experts in charge of managing Atlantic bluefin met in Italy and raised the quota for catches of Atlantic bluefin tuna by 20 percent over three years. Stocks have recovered somewhat after a severe decline over the past two decades as fishermen harvested more to meet soaring demand, especially in Japan.
But virtually in tandem with that, the International Union for Conservation of Nature put Pacific bluefin tuna on its "Red List," designating it as a species threatened by extinction.
About a quarter of all tuna are consumed by the Japanese, according to the United Nations Food and Agricultural Organization. They gobble up most — between 60 percent and 80 percent — of all bluefin.  Rosy, fatty "chu-toro" from the upper part of bluefin bellies, is especially prized for sushi and sashimi.
Out at his seaside lab in Tateyama, on the far northern rim of Tokyo Bay, Yamazaki and other researchers are hoping their latest attempt to get mackerel to spawn bluefin will prove a success. An earlier attempt failed due to what he thinks was a problem with the water temperature.
Yamazaki's technique involves extracting reproductive stem cells from the discarded guts of tuna shipped by cold delivery from fish farms and inserting them into mackerel fry so tiny they are barely visible.
The baby fish are put in an anesthetic solution and then transferred by dropper onto a slide under the microscope. Researcher Ryosuke Yazawa deftly inserts a minute glass needle into one's body cavity to demonstrate.
Under the right conditions, the tuna stem cells migrate into the ovaries and testes of the mackerel. The team is now waiting to see if the mackerel, when mature, will spawn tuna, and if the tuna will survive. Following that, they could be released into the sea or farmed.
The research team has already succeeded in using surrogate technology to produce tiger puffer fish, the poisonous "fugu" used in sashimi and hotpot, using smaller grass puffer fish. It has produced trout spawned by salmon. Companies that import rare and tropical fish also are interested in the technology.
The method could help reduce pressure on wild populations, Yamazaki hopes, and also help ensure the greater genetic diversity needed to preserve various species.
Though he started out working in the field of genetic modification, Yamazaki emphasizes that his techniques involve only surrogate reproduction, not GM.
The main "tricks," as he calls them, are using baby fish as future surrogates, because their immature immune systems will not reject the tuna cells, and relying on the natural tendency of the reproductive stem cells to mature and produce viable offspring. To simplify matters, the lab is using triploid, or sterile hybrid fish commonly bred at fish farms, that will not develop eggs or sperm of their own species.
Yamazaki expects his research to be useful for commercial purposes. Though researchers elsewhere have succeeded in breeding tuna in captivity, the process is costly and survival rates are low. Mackerel, less than a foot long when caught, are much easier to handle and keep in land-based tanks than tuna, which can grow to nearly the size of a small car and require far more food per fish. The mackerel also mature more quickly and spawn more frequently, if they are well fed and kept at the right temperature.
Not all experts favor such high-tech solutions for the bluefin.
Amanda Nickson, director of global tuna conservation for The Pew Charitable Trusts, said the partial recovery of Atlantic bluefin stocks shows that enforcement of catch limits, backed by threats of trade bans, can work.
Earlier this year, the multi-nation fisheries body that monitors most of the Pacific Ocean recommended limiting the catch of juvenile bluefin tuna to half the average level of 2002-2004. Scientists found that stocks of the species had dwindled to less than 4 percent of their original size. It also found that most fish caught were juveniles less than 3 years old, before they reach reproductive maturity.
The group set a 10-year target of rebuilding the population to 8 percent of its original size.
"As long as you don't take too many, those populations can rebuild and rebuild fairly effectively," she said.
Perhaps so, said Yamazaki, but over the centuries, humans have repeatedly over consumed resources, sometimes past the point of no return.
"Japanese people eat tuna from all over the world. We have to do something. That is the motivation for my research."
___
Elaine Kurtenbach on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/ekurtenbach

PM Modi crosses 8 mn followers on Twitter  25 mn on FBPM Modi crosses 8 million followers on Twitter, 25 million on Facebook
ANI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 13:59 IST
Photo: Reuters
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has crossed the 8-million followers milestone on the micro-blogging network, Twitter and 25 million mark on social- networking site, Facebook.
As per reports Prime Minister Narendra Modi remains the third-most followed world leader on the Twitter after US President Barack Obama and the Pope Francis.
He is the second-most followed politician in the world after Barack Obama on Facebook .

Commodity price plunge has mixed impact on sectorsAnilesh S. Mahajan      Follow @anileshmahajan    Edition: Dec 7, 2014
(Illustration: Ajay Thakuri)
Saturday, November 8, was a working day for senior bureaucrats at the finance ministry. Minister Arun Jaitley held a meeting to review the impact of a global slump in commodity prices. He wanted to know how best India could draw advantage from it, say sources who attended it. Barring aluminium and zinc, the prices of most commodities - crude oil, coal, iron ore, tin and rubber, among others - have all been falling for many months. The brent crude oil price , for instance, fell below $80 a barrel in mid-November from $114 in August 2013.
32%
Indirect taxes collected by the government, with just four-and-a-half months of the current financial year remaining
The government has already used the opportunity to take the politically sensitive decision of lifting its control over diesel prices. With global crude oil prices down, the de-control actually lowered the price of diesel instead of increasing it. But the fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent for 2014/15 remains a concern and Jaitley wondered aloud if, given the favourable circumstances, the indirect taxes kitty could be increased by raising customs duty, as well as the cess, on oil. With just four-and-a-half months of the financial year remaining, the government has collected only 32 per cent of the indirect taxes it had targeted. He also made other suggestions such as fixing the subsidy on LPG at Rs 400 per cylinder. LPG accounted for Rs 46,458 crore of the Rs 1,38,869 crore oil subsidy in 2013/14. (Subsequently the LPG subsidy was finalised at Rs 538 per cylinder.)
Prices of many commodities have been falling for over a year
On November 13, hours before the oil marketing companies were to review the price of petrol and diesel, the finance ministry announced Rs 1.5 additional excise duty on both products. This may help the government to pocket an additional Rs 4,000 crore in the remaining days of the current financial year.
The petroleum ministry too is keen to use this chance to fill the three giant storage tanks - 'cravens' in technical parlance - it has built to keep strategic crude reserves. The three together - one in Visakhapatnam and two near Mangalore - can store 5.5 metric tonne (MT) of crude, enough to meet the country's requirements for 70 days. The cravens have been ready for the last six months but no decision on buying extra crude could be taken when oil prices were high. "It is good opportunity now," says Aditya Gandhi, Director, Sapient Global Markets, India chapter.
The slide in commodity prices has had many ramifications. For some sectors it is a boon, for others, a bane. The oil marketing companies (OMCs), for instance, are delighted. "They now require less working capital to buy crude from the international market," says a market insider. While the public-sector OMCs - Indian Oil Corporation, Bharat Petroleum Corporation and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation - are partially constrained by norms which allow them to buy only 30 per cent from the spot market, the private ones, such as Reliance Industries' OMC arm or Essar Oil, are in a better position to leverage more by hedging prices.
In contrast, oil exploration and production companies are adversely hit. Cairn India, for example, which sells oil at roughly 15 per cent discount to brent crude prices, saw its profit fall to Rs 2,278 crore in the second quarter of 2014/15, almost 33 per cent down from that in the corresponding quarter of the previous fiscal year. Interim CEO Sudhir Mathur has acknowledged that the fall in oil prices - as well as the high maintenance cost of the company's Mangla field - was responsible for the drop.
The brent crude oil price fell below $80 a barrel in mid-November from $114 in August 2013
Market leader Oil and Natural Gas Corporation's profits and net realisation per barrel rose in the first quarter of 2013/14, but market estimates suggest the rest of the year may not be the same - the company's contribution to the exchequer could fall from Rs 56,380 crore in 2013/14 to Rs 36,760 crore this time, an official at the petroleum ministry says. Its enhanced oil recovery (EOR) operations, which add a cost of $12 per barrel, may also have to be curtailed. At the same time, any oil subsidy cut - which is also being mooted - will help its margins. "The lower the subsidy, the more we can spend more on exploration and acquiring good assets," D.K. Sarraf, Chairman and Managing Director, ONGC, told Business Today in an interview earlier this year.
Again, Indian power and metal producers using imported coal have reason to smile. In October, coal was trading in the Indonesian spot market at $68 per tonne, down from $81.9 per tonne in January. In November, the Indonesian government set its benchmark coal price reference at $65.7 per tonne - the lowest in four years. Indian coal imports have already risen by around 10 per cent in the last two months compared to the same months of the previous year. Domestic coal shortage was bound to increase after the Supreme Court judgment holding 214 coal block allotments since 1993 illegal and cancelling them, but the fall in global prices has come as a breather for coal users. Aluminium major Hindalco, for instance, has decided to use imported coal for its plant in Mahan, Madhya Pradesh, rather than domestic. "It makes sense for Hindalco to do so rather than wait for local coal," says a leading industrialist who does not want to be named. JSW Steel is also taking advantage of falling iron ore prices, and has imported 10 metric tonne of the raw material already. The company doesn't have captive mines, and the imports would help it ensure adequate supply to its steel mills.
Leading business groups such as the Tatas, the Aditya Birla Group, the Adanis, the Jindals - all of whom have been sourcing commodities such as coal, iron ore and other metals globally - have been affected in different ways. The Ratan Jindal-owned Jindal Stainless, for instance, the country's biggest stainless steel maker, is hurting. "Nickel prices have fallen and the industry trend is that whenever this happens, orders dry up," says a company insider. "Customers expect prices to fall further and hold back." As it is, domestic stainless steel manufacturers had been having a tough time due to cheaper Chinese imports. "This is a double whammy for us," the insider adds.
The fall in commodities' prices should have been anticipated. "For the last two years I have been expecting this," says Sushil Maroo, CEO, Essar Energy. "Energy costs in the US have been falling. This was bound to have a cooling effect on the input costs of commodities and their prices would naturally drop." No doubt Essar Energy is a gainer, but Maroo believes the overall impact is also positive as it will lead to lower freight costs and energy tariffs. "This is a great opportunity for manufactures to respond to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' call," he adds.
Pradeep Bhargava, Director, Cummins India, agrees. "Manufacturers have been grappling with inflation, so a fall in prices will help make manufacturing more competitive," he says. It also points, some experts believe, to a fall in Chinese demand and a slowing of the Chinese economy, which in turn they hope will help India compete better with its giant neighbour. "The government should also do its bit with supportive energy policies and help industry to cut energy cost," says Maroo. The fall also portends a US manufacturing revival which - along with a widely expected increase in US interest rates in coming months - could offset some of the gains, although lower energy costs will still offer some advantage.
The big question is the future. Will the trend continue, will commodity prices level off or will they start to rise again? At least seven finance experts Business Today spoke to say the third option is the most likely. Prices will pick up again by the end of the financial year. "The fundamentals of the market are fine," says Hemal Shah, Partner, EY. "Global financial markets need commodity players."

Imran Tahir in doubt for fourth ODI againstAustraliaImran Tahir injured his knee on Wednesday (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | Sydney | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:20 pm
South Africa could be without frontline spin bowler Imran Tahir for the fourth one-dayer against Australia at the Melbourne Cricket Ground after he injured his knee in the 73-run defeat in Canberra on Wednesday.
The 35-year-old leg spinner did not bat in the loss at Manuka Oval, which left the tourists 2-1 down in the World Cup warm-up series with matches to come in Melbourne on Friday and Sydney on Sunday.
“I think he sprained his knee a little bit,” Proteas skipper AB de Villiers told reporters in Canberra. “We’ll assess him over the next day and see what he’s like on Thursday night and make the call on the morning of the game.
“I’m not sure how serious it is.”
South Africa are already without part-time spin option in all rounder JP Duminy, who was ruled out for the series when he aggravated a long-standing knee problem during the Twenty20 series against Australia.
The 30-year-old should be sidelined for about six weeks and has returned to South Africa for intensive treatment to ensure he is fit for the Feb. 14-March 29 World Cup.
“That’s why he went home, to get ready for end of the year cricket and that World Cup,” De Villiers added.
“He plays a big part in our team. It really balances the team nicely when he’s here, it gives us that extra option.
“Obviously his finishing ability in that middle order is priceless, looking forward to getting him back at the end of the year.”

Supplementary Budget passed; Akhilesh says focus on developing infrastructure villagesPrint
By: Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:17 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 1:21 pm
Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav said on Wednesday that the supplementary budget which was passed by voice vote in the state assembly, had focused on infrastructure projects and development of villages.
The supplementary budget for Rs 14,856.13 crore was passed by state assembly before it was adjourned till November 25 by speaker Mata Prasad Pandey. “House has been adjourned till November 25 as per the recommendations of Business Advisory Committee which met today,” Pradeep Dubey, principal secretary, Vidhan Sabha stated.
“We have made efforts to focus on infrastructure projects and development of villages. Some new schemes have been proposed. It is a wrong allegation by opposition that we did not utilise our previous budget. It was delayed but we had spent it and SP government is functioning and fulfilling its election manifesto,” Akhilesh stated on the floor of the house replying to the debate on supplementary budget.
Akhilesh also denied leader of opposition Swami Prasad Maurya’s claim that he had copied schemes from previous BSP government.
“Both Samajwadi Pension Scheme and Agra-Lucknow Expressway are different. We will complete the expressway in our tenure and no land parcel has been given for it. You took three tenures for completing Yamuna Expressway and handed over land parcel resulting in farmers’ agitation. Nothing of that sort happened in our expressway,” he stated.
Pointing towards BSP benches, Akhilesh said an elephant rescue centre will also be set up near Lion Safari in Etawah where elephants in danger will be rescued and kept. BSP’s poll symbol is elephant. For the BJP, Akhilesh said lions from Gujarat are healthy and safe, and soon their family will increase. “We are sorry we could not save two lions despite using all our resources.” The CM also said UP has great prospects in medical, IT and tourism sector and his government is making all efforts.
The debate had lighter moments, too, when SP MLA Zahid Beg first sought permission and delivered his speech loudly. He also continued despite the Speaker stopping him several times. “We now have a member who can match Leader of Opposition (Swami Prasad Maurya) in voice. I feel they resemble each other,” he said. There was a slip of tongue when he praised the government for development which SP members reciprocated by thumping desks. Maurya soon corrected his error.
RLD Dalbir Singh also triggered laughter when he demanded salary hike for legislators. “Either you scrap this salary or make it equivalent to legislators in other states. At least give us salary hike as gift on 75th birth anniversary of Mulayam Singh Yadav. Raise your hands who want salary hike,” he stated and all the legislators raised their hands.

Michael Clarke not ready to play at the momentmight be right for first India Test:physioMichael Clarke has missed just one of Australia's 39 Tests since he assumed the captaincy in 2011 (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | Sydney | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:16 pm
Australia are hopeful that captain Michael Clarke will be available for next month’s first Test against India despite a recurrence of his hamstring injury, physiotherapist Alex Kountouris said on Thursday.
Clarke has missed just one of Australia’s 39 Tests since he assumed the captaincy in 2011 despite a degenerative long-term back condition which contributes to his frequent hamstring injuries.
The 33-year-old damaged his hamstring for the third time in 12 weeks in the first one-dayer against South Africa in Perth last Friday and Kountouris said he was not yet ready to play cricket again.
“As he is right now, he hasn’t started running, he hasn’t started doing any of the functional things that we want him to do,” Kountouris told reporters at the Sydney Cricket Ground nets.
“So he’s not ready to play at the moment … (but) I’m still hopeful that he might be right for the first Test because that’s two weeks away.”
Australia play India in four Tests, starting in Brisbane on Dec. 4, before turning their focus towards the Feb. 14-March 29 50-over World Cup, which they are co-hosting with New Zealand.
Kountouris said Clarke was highly frustrated by the injury but was not at the stage where he needed to consider retirement because of the recurring injuries.
He also thought it unlikely that Cricket Australia would be forced to choose between Clarke playing against India or in the World Cup.
“Time is not the magic healer here,” Kountouris added.
“There comes a point when there’s no more healing to be done, it doesn’t give you any more benefits
“He could rest now for five months and the first time he comes back he could tear his hamstring again.”
Clarke’s leadership has been integral to the turnaround in Australia’s fortunes since the humiliating 2010-11 Ashes series and the World Cup that followed, where Ricky Ponting’s team went out in the quarter-finals.
Regarded as one of the most tactically astute captains in international cricket, Clarke has also led from the front with his batting and scored 13 centuries and 3,555 runs at an average of 57.33 in Tests since succeeding Ponting.
Test vice captain Brad Haddin, who will stand in for Clarke if he is unfit, was training in the nets as Kountouris was speaking and the physio said he was approaching full fitness after damaging his shoulder.
“He’s pretty good,” he said. “We’re hopeful he’ll play Sheffield Shield next week.”

Hate your job It may be good for yourmemoryThe study found that people who held jobs with higher levels of complexity with data and people, such as management and teaching, had better scores on memory and thinking tests. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:50 pm
If you hate your job because it requires complex work with other people or data, you may now discard the negative thoughts as researchers have found that complex jobs help people retain their memory and thinking skills even after retirement.
The study found that people who held jobs with higher levels of complexity with data and people, such as management and teaching, had better scores on memory and thinking tests.
“These results suggest that more stimulating work environments may help people retain their thinking skills, and that this might be observed years after they have retired,” said study author Alan Gow from Heriot-Watt University in Edinburgh, Scotland.
“Our findings have helped to identify the kinds of job demands that preserve memory and thinking later on,” Gow added.
For the study, the researchers tested memory and thinking abilities of 1,066 Scottish people with an average age of 70.
The tests looked at memory, processing speed and general thinking ability.
Researchers also gathered information about the jobs participants held. The job titles were assigned scores for the complexity of work with people, data and things.
For example, complex jobs might involve coordinating or synthesizing data, while less complex jobs might involve copying or comparing data.
In terms of working with others, more complex roles might involve instructing, negotiating or mentoring, while less complex jobs might involve taking instructions or helping.
The analysis used levels of complexity according to the Dictionary of Occupational Titles.
Examples of jobs that score highly for the complexity of work with people are: lawyer, social worker, surgeon.
Examples of jobs that score highly for the complexity of work with data are: architect, civil engineer, graphic designer or musician.
The study appeared in the journal Neurology.

Cleaning industry eyes 40% growth after PMs Swachh BharatAbhiyaanPrint
Written by Avinash Nair | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:47 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan will benefit the country’s Rs 4,500 crore cleaning equipment and waste management industry. In the next three years, this industry — most of which operates in the unorganised sector — eyes a 40 per cent growth, firms associated with this segment said here on Wednesday.
“Till a few months back, cleanliness was an uninteresting subject. Then Modi came along and gave it a national impetus,” said Jayaraman Nair, chairman of Mumbai-based Virtual Info Systems Pvt Ltd that has been organising the annual ‘Clean India Show’, an exhibition connected with the cleaning industry since 2005.
“When our exhibition started off, we were about 30 companies who did a few crores of business. The transactions at the show grew to over Rs 200 crore in 2013 and this year we expect a 50 percent growth in business with over 100 companies participating in our show in Ahmedabad” said Nair while crediting the PM’s cleanliness initiative for the growth in business of the industry he is associated with. The show aims to bring together representatives from the cleaning industry and end users including officials from state  departments and municipal corporations.
Players from the industry whom The Indian Express spoke to felt that the cleaning equipment and waste management industry will grow exponentially in the years to come. “Cleaning will be one of the best businesses. It will be a billion dollar industry in no time and will never go out of business,” said Paresh Parekh of Vadodara-based Sort India Enviro Solutions Limited, who recently launched a portal service to collect paper and plastic waste in Ahmedabad and collected 4,500 tonnes of paper and plastic waste.
“There has definitely been a spurt in our business ever since the Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan was launched. Though it is still premature to give out figures, there has definitely been a visible growth in the number of inquiries coming to us,” said JPS Bakshi, Group Chairman of Delhi-based Global Excellence Group which offers specialised cleaning services and also deals with washroom hygiene solutions, power sweeping, infection control and other facilities.
Stating that there has been a visible improvement in the cleanliness and sanitation among industrial units in and around Ahmedabad, the president of Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industries, Rakesh Shah said, “In the industrial units, we can see a visible improvement. People are working towards improving cleanliness and sanitation in their respective premises. In the coming days, we feel that there will be a lot of demand for products that can help clean dust, grease, colour and chemicals.”

Aladdin writer to pen Robert Downey Jrsnext'Aladdin' scribe Terry Rossio has been roped in to pen the film based on unfinished notes developed by Hollywood star Steve McQueen before his death, which will star Robert Downey Jr.(Source: Reuters)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:44 pm
‘Aladdin’ scribe Terry Rossio has been roped in to pen the film based on unfinished notes developed by Hollywood star Steve McQueen before his death, which will star Robert Downey Jr.
‘Yucatan’ is described as an ‘epic adventure heist’ film. It is based on a 1700-page treatment written by the iconic in the late 160s, reported Deadline.
McQueen’s detailed template for the movie was found in two leather-bound trunks after his death. His vision involved a renegade salvage expert’s search for Mayan treasure in the Yucatan Peninsula in Southern Mexico.
“To imbue a McQueen project with a sense of how he might have made it nowadays is a challenge and a thrill. Rossio is more than a great writer, he’s the perfect fit to embrace the existential nature of the project with the action, story and characters that drive ‘Yucatan’,” Downey, 49, said in a statement.
The updated plot is under wraps, but Rossio and Downey Jr are using the original premise as a jumping-off point for a mind-bending adventure story.
Downey Jr’s wife Susan Downey is producing with him and David Gambino, along with Dan Lin from Lin Pictures.

After five years  BSF intercepts Pakistani boat at SirCreekPrint
Written by Ujjwala Nayudu | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:42 pm
Five years after the last intrusions stopped from Pakistan in Harami Nala and Sir Creek at Gujarat-Pakistan border, the Border Security Force (BSF) intercepted a Pakistani boat at Sir Creek on Wednesday.
On finding a boat coming close to the Indian waters at the Sir Creek, the Creek Crocodiles, a commando force of the BSF, intercepted the boat and found it empty. Immediately, they started combing operations at the spot and nearby creek areas.
A senior officer from the BSF said, “Though the boat was intercepted at Sir Creek, the Gujarat Frontier, the first layer of security in the creek area, had failed to detect the boat. When the boat was intercepted, it was found empty. It was checked thoroughly and nothing was found on it. We suspect that the fishermen or those who were on board fled.”
The BSF officials said the boat is 30 to 40 feet long and comparatively smaller to the fishing boats that come from the Pakistani waters. Since there were no crew members on board the boat, the BSF has alerted the State police, the Indian Navy and the Indian Coast Guard to increase their vigilance. It was suspected that the crew members of the boat might have entered from the Creek side and abandoned it to mislead the BSF.
According to the BSF sources, the boat was seen coming at around 12:30 am by the BSF commandos. After keeping a close watch for about an hour, the empty boat was found floating in Indian waters at Sir Creek. This has raised the suspicion of the BSF.  Usually, the fishermen who go astray in Indian waters and are caught within minutes of their touching the Indian maritime zone.
The BSF suspected that the crew members of the boat had fled sensing their presence or they had left the boat near the Indian waters giving a signal of possible intrusion in coming days. The intelligence wing of the BSF had been on alert for more than a one month for possible Pakistani intrusion from the border areas in Kutch through land or marshy waters of the creeks between Kutch and Pakistan.
The Indian Coast Guard had apprehended a Pakistani boat ‘Al-Rahimo’  with six fishermen off Jamnagar coast in October. It had left Karachi on October 1 and was found near the Indian maritime border. with 150 kilograms of fish. Though the fishermen had caught a huge quantity of fish within first three days of their fishing, they were found near the Jamnagar coast leading to the suspicion of the ICG.
During interrogation by the ICG, the fishermen had failed to explain why they came deeper into the Indian waters even after having a huge stock of fish.
The fishermen were interrogated by several agencies where they claimed that they wanted to collect huge stock of fishing so that they had enough stock for two months. However, the ICG suspected that the Pakistani crew members had used the stock of fish as a continued…

Tahir in doubt for fourth ODI against AustraliaImran Tahir injured his knee on Wednesday (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | Sydney | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:20 pm
South Africa could be without frontline spin bowler Imran Tahir for the fourth one-dayer against Australia at the Melbourne Cricket Ground after he injured his knee in the 73-run defeat in Canberra on Wednesday.
The 35-year-old leg spinner did not bat in the loss at Manuka Oval, which left the tourists 2-1 down in the World Cup warm-up series with matches to come in Melbourne on Friday and Sydney on Sunday.
“I think he sprained his knee a little bit,” Proteas skipper AB de Villiers told reporters in Canberra. “We’ll assess him over the next day and see what he’s like on Thursday night and make the call on the morning of the game.
“I’m not sure how serious it is.”
South Africa are already without part-time spin option in all rounder JP Duminy, who was ruled out for the series when he aggravated a long-standing knee problem during the Twenty20 series against Australia.
The 30-year-old should be sidelined for about six weeks and has returned to South Africa for intensive treatment to ensure he is fit for the Feb. 14-March 29 World Cup.
“That’s why he went home, to get ready for end of the year cricket and that World Cup,” De Villiers added.
“He plays a big part in our team. It really balances the team nicely when he’s here, it gives us that extra option.
“Obviously his finishing ability in that middle order is priceless, looking forward to getting him back at the end of the year.”

Country of origin label for meat cuts endangered...and
versions
WASHINGTON (AP) — Package labels on fresh cuts of meat that identify where animals were born, raised and slaughtered face an uncertain future after successful trade challenges from Canada and Mexico.
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack says the U.S. is running out of options for the meat labels, which are required under a 2008 law. A label might say, for example, that the animal was "born in Canada, raised and slaughtered in the United States" or "born, raised and slaughtered in the United States."
The World Trade Organization has agreed more than once with Canada and Mexico that the labels on steaks, ribs and other cuts of fresh meat give the U.S. livestock industry an unfair advantage. In its most recent ruling Oct. 20, the WTO said the labeling requirement forced meatpackers to segregate and keep detailed records on imported livestock, giving them an incentive to favor U.S. livestock.
The trade organization ruled in 2011 and upheld in 2012 that an earlier version of the labels was discriminatory.
A spokesman for U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman said the United States has not decided whether it will appeal the latest WTO decision. If the October ruling stands, Canada and Mexico could retaliate against the United States with other trade sanctions if the labels aren't changed or scrapped.
Vilsack said he believes Congress either needs to change the law or Mexico and Canada need to negotiate a settlement with the United States.
"There is no apparent regulatory solution available that could make this rule compliant with the WTO's recent decision and also uphold the law Congress passed," Vilsack said in a statement.
Canada and Mexico need to tell the U.S. "more clearly and more specifically, what, if any, variation of this will work for them," the agriculture secretary said last week at an event in Kansas City, Missouri.
The embattled labeling rules have support from consumer groups and some farm groups. U.S. ranchers who raise cattle near the northern border and compete with Canadian ranchers have pushed hardest for the labeling law, which Congress originally wrote in 2002 and revised in 2008 after years of haggling with the meat industry. Ranchers and meatpackers in the Southwest who do a lot of business with Mexico have traditionally opposed it.
It's unclear what lawmakers will do. But the new Republican Congress is expected to be friendly to the meat industry, which has called for repeal of the country-of-origin labeling law, saying it is burdensome. Meatpackers have sued the government to block it, so far unsuccessfully.
Farm-state lawmakers said earlier this year that they didn't have the votes for repeal. But Rep. Mike Conaway, R-Texas, the incoming chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, and Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., expected to head the Senate agriculture panel, are both from cattle-heavy states and have championed the meat industry.
After the ruling was issued, more than 100 meat, agriculture and food industry groups concerned about sanctions down the road called on Congress to immediately repeal parts of the rule.
"Given the negative impact on the U.S. manufacturing and agriculture economies, we respectfully submit that it would be intolerable for the United States to maintain, even briefly, a rule that has been deemed non-compliant by the WTO," the industry groups wrote.
Canada is also calling for congressional action.
"The onus is now on the United States to put forward a solution acceptable to all parties that removes the unfair segregation and discrimination against Canadian cattle and hogs," Canadian Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz said in a statement to The Associated Press. He said Canada "will take whatever steps may be necessary, including retaliation, to achieve a fair resolution."
___
Follow Mary Clare Jalonick on Twitter: http://twitter.com/mcjalonick

Country-of-origin label for meat cuts endangered...and
versions
WASHINGTON (AP) — Package labels on fresh cuts of meat that identify where animals were born, raised and slaughtered face an uncertain future after successful trade challenges from Canada and Mexico.
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack says the U.S. is running out of options for the meat labels, which are required under a 2008 law. A label might say, for example, that the animal was "born in Canada, raised and slaughtered in the United States" or "born, raised and slaughtered in the United States."
The World Trade Organization has agreed more than once with Canada and Mexico that the labels on steaks, ribs and other cuts of fresh meat give the U.S. livestock industry an unfair advantage. In its most recent ruling Oct. 20, the WTO said the labeling requirement forced meatpackers to segregate and keep detailed records on imported livestock, giving them an incentive to favor U.S. livestock.
The trade organization ruled in 2011 and upheld in 2012 that an earlier version of the labels was discriminatory.
A spokesman for U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman said the United States has not decided whether it will appeal the latest WTO decision. If the October ruling stands, Canada and Mexico could retaliate against the United States with other trade sanctions if the labels aren't changed or scrapped.
Vilsack said he believes Congress either needs to change the law or Mexico and Canada need to negotiate a settlement with the United States.
"There is no apparent regulatory solution available that could make this rule compliant with the WTO's recent decision and also uphold the law Congress passed," Vilsack said in a statement.
Canada and Mexico need to tell the U.S. "more clearly and more specifically, what, if any, variation of this will work for them," the agriculture secretary said last week at an event in Kansas City, Missouri.
The embattled labeling rules have support from consumer groups and some farm groups. U.S. ranchers who raise cattle near the northern border and compete with Canadian ranchers have pushed hardest for the labeling law, which Congress originally wrote in 2002 and revised in 2008 after years of haggling with the meat industry. Ranchers and meatpackers in the Southwest who do a lot of business with Mexico have traditionally opposed it.
It's unclear what lawmakers will do. But the new Republican Congress is expected to be friendly to the meat industry, which has called for repeal of the country-of-origin labeling law, saying it is burdensome. Meatpackers have sued the government to block it, so far unsuccessfully.
Farm-state lawmakers said earlier this year that they didn't have the votes for repeal. But Rep. Mike Conaway, R-Texas, the incoming chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, and Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., expected to head the Senate agriculture panel, are both from cattle-heavy states and have championed the meat industry.
After the ruling was issued, more than 100 meat, agriculture and food industry groups concerned about sanctions down the road called on Congress to immediately repeal parts of the rule.
"Given the negative impact on the U.S. manufacturing and agriculture economies, we respectfully submit that it would be intolerable for the United States to maintain, even briefly, a rule that has been deemed non-compliant by the WTO," the industry groups wrote.
Canada is also calling for congressional action.
"The onus is now on the United States to put forward a solution acceptable to all parties that removes the unfair segregation and discrimination against Canadian cattle and hogs," Canadian Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz said in a statement to The Associated Press. He said Canada "will take whatever steps may be necessary, including retaliation, to achieve a fair resolution."
___
Follow Mary Clare Jalonick on Twitter: http://twitter.com/mcjalonick

AP Exclusive: Some in NSA warned of a backlash...and
versions
WASHINGTON (AP) — Dissenters within the National Security Agency, led by a senior agency executive, warned in 2009 that the program to secretly collect American phone records wasn't providing enough intelligence to justify the backlash it would cause if revealed, current and former intelligence officials say.
The NSA took the concerns seriously, and many senior officials shared them. But after an internal debate that has not been previously reported, NSA leaders, White House officials and key lawmakers opted to continue the collection and storage of American calling records, a domestic surveillance program without parallel in the agency's recent history.
The warnings proved prophetic last year after the calling records program was made public in the first and most significant leak by Edward Snowden, a former NSA systems administrator who cited the government's deception about the program as one of his chief motivations for turning over classified documents to journalists. Many Americans were shocked and dismayed to learn that an intelligence agency collects and stores all their landline calling records.
In response, President Barack Obama is now trying to stop the NSA collection but preserve the agency's ability to search the records in the hands of the telephone companies — an arrangement similar to the one the administration quietly rejected in 2009. But his plan, drawing opposition from most Republicans, fell two votes short of advancing in the Senate on Tuesday.
A now-retired NSA senior executive, who was a longtime code-breaker who rose to top management, had just learned in 2009 about the top secret program that was created shortly after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. He says he argued to then-NSA Director Keith Alexander that storing the calling records of nearly every American fundamentally changed the character of the agency, which is supposed to eavesdrop on foreigners, not Americans.
Alexander politely disagreed, the former official told The Associated Press.
The former official, who spoke only on condition of anonymity because he didn't have permission to discuss a classified matter, said he knows of no evidence the program was used for anything other than hunting for terrorism plots in the U.S. But he said he and others made the case that the collection of American records in bulk crossed a line that had been sacrosanct.
He said he also warned of a scandal if it should be disclosed that the NSA was storing records of private calls by Americans — to psychiatrists, lovers and suicide hotlines, among other contacts.
Alexander, who led the NSA from 2005 until he retired last year, did not dispute the former official's account, though he said he disagreed that the program was improper.
"An individual did bring us these questions, and he had some great points," Alexander told the AP. "I asked the technical folks, including him, to look at it."
By 2009, several former officials said, concern about the "215 program," so-called for the authorizing provision of the USA Patriot Act, had grown inside NSA's Fort Meade, Maryland, headquarters to the point that the program's intelligence value was being questioned. That was partly true because, for technical and other reasons, the NSA was not capturing most mobile calling records, which were an increasing share of the domestic calling universe, the former officials said.
The dissent prompted NSA leaders to examine whether the agency could stop gathering and storing domestic landline calling records and instead access the records as needed from the telephone companies, Alexander said. The NSA consulted with the Justice Department, Congress and the White House, newly occupied by President Barack Obama.
But the government ultimately decided against changing what most officials still view as a necessary bulwark against domestic terror plots, Alexander and other former officials said. The program collects and stores so-called metadata on every landline phone call made in America — the phone number called from, the phone number called and the duration of the call. Some estimates have estimated the program collects records on up to 3 billion calls a day.
In 2006, the program came under the supervision of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. The agency, which continues to obtain the records from telephone companies under a court order, says it searches them only for connections to phone numbers suspected of association with overseas terror groups.
Under a process known as "contact chaining," analysts examine the numbers that had been in contact with the "dirty number" and then the numbers in contact with those. Sometimes the circle is expanded to a "third hop" — a process that could include analysis of millions of American phone calls. Only 30 intelligence employees are permitted to access the database, officials have said, and it is done about 300 times a year.
Current and former intelligence officials disagree about whether the phone record searching has been important in stopping terror attacks. The U.S. has been able to point to a single terrorism case that came to light exclusively through a domestic phone records match — that of a San Diego cab driver who was sentenced earlier this year to six years in prison for sending money to Somalia's al-Qaida affiliate.
To address their concerns, the former senior official and other NSA dissenters in 2009 came up with a plan that tracks closely with the Obama proposal that the Senate failed to pass Tuesday. The officials wanted the NSA to stop collecting the records, and instead fashion a system for the agency to quickly send queries to the telephone companies as needed, letting the companies store the records as they are required to do under telecommunications rules.
In a departure from the bill that failed Tuesday, however, they wanted to require the companies to provide the metadata in a standardized manner, to allow speedy processing and analysis in cases of an imminent terror plot. The lack of such a provision was among the reasons many Republicans and former intelligence officials said they opposed the 2014 legislation.

Toyota Motor aims to replicate Prius success with fuel cell MiraiNEWPORT BEACH, November 18, 2014
Updated: November 19, 2014 09:29 IST
Toyota Motor aims to replicate Prius success with fuel cell Mirai
Reuters
Tweet
REUTERS
Toyota Motor Corp's Executive Vice President Mitsuhisa Kato with the company's new fuel cell vehicle (FCV) sedan car Mirai. — PHOTO: REUTERS
TOPICS
cars
Mirai to go on sale in Japan first on December 15
Toyota Motor Corp will introduce its first mass-market fuel cell car next month, hoping to replicate the success of its Prius hybrid with a vehicle that runs on hydrogen instead of gasoline.
The four-seater sedan, named Mirai, the Japanese word for ‘future’, will first go on sale in four cities in Japan on December 15. Sales in the United States and Europe will follow in the fourth quarter of 2015, the world’s biggest automaker said, unveiling the car simultaneously in California and Tokyo.
The ultimate ‘green car’, fuel cell vehicles (FCVs) run on electricity made by mixing hydrogen fuel and oxygen in the air — a technology first used in the Apollo moon project in the 1960s. Its only by-product is heat and water — water so pure the Apollo astronauts drank it.
“This technology is going to change our world,” Toyota Managing Officer Satoshi Ogiso said at the launch in Newport Beach.
Mirai will cost 6.7 million yen ($57,460) before taxes in Japan, which, on Tuesday, announced a subsidy of 2.02 million yen on FCV purchases. In the United States, it will cost $57,500, which could drop to $45,000 after federal and state incentives.
Toyota aims to sell just 700 globally next year, mainly due to a dearth of hydrogen fuel stations, executives said. It expects cumulative U.S. sales to reach 3,000 by the end of 2017. Toyota Chairman Takeshi Uchiyamada, who led development of the first-generation Prius, said he expected global sales to rise to “tens of thousands” in the 2020s. A day earlier, Honda Motor Co unveiled a pre-production version of its first mass-market FCV in Tokyo but stopped short of giving a price or sales target.

Oil falls as mkt awaits OPEC meet outcomeOil falls to $78 as mkt awaits OPEC meet outcome
Christopher Johnson     London   Last Updated: November 19, 2014  | 16:39 IST
Brent crude oil slipped towards $78 a barrel on Wednesday as data showed Saudi Arabia increased crude exports in September despite signs of an oversupplied market and producers appeared divided ahead of an OPEC meeting to discuss output.
All eyes are on OPEC's response to a drop in oil prices of nearly one-third in recent months, with some smaller members calling for production cuts at the November 27 meeting in Vienna.
OPEC heavyweight Saudi Arabia has so far shown no indication that it will support a reduction in OPEC production.
Diplomatic and market sources say Saudi officials said in recent private briefings that the kingdom could live for some time with current, or even lower, price levels.
Even seasoned OPEC veterans say they do not know how the cartel will respond to the collapse in oil prices this year.
"For the first time, I really do not know what is likely to happen at the meeting. It is not clear," one long-serving senior OPEC delegate told Reuters.
Brent was down 10 cents at $78.37 a barrel at 0815 GMT, after settling 84 cents lower in the previous session.
US crude was down 60 cents at $74.01 a barrel. The US crude futures contract closed $1.03 lower on Tuesday.
"It is a guessing game," said Carsten Fritsch, senior oil and commodities analyst at Commerzbank in Frankfurt.
"There are so many opinions and views on what OPEC will do next week. The most reasonable response for investors is to stay on the sidelines and wait for guidance," Fritsch added.
Saudi Arabia increased crude oil exports in September by around 59,000 barrels per day (bpd), official data showed.
Oil prices fell on Tuesday after data from the American Petroleum Institute (API) showed U.S. crude stockpiles rose 3.7 million barrels in the week ending November 14, including a 1.4-million-barrel build at the Cushing oil hub.
A closely watched report from the US Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration (EIA) was due at 1530 GMT on Wednesday. A Reuters poll of seven analysts forecast crude stocks fell 800,000 barrels last week.
Unseasonably cold weather in the United States could boost demand for heating oil, with temperatures in all 50 states dipping to freezing or below on Tuesday.
(Additional reporting by Jacob Gronholt-Pedersen in Singapore)
 

Pro-gender policies could bring up Indian economy: OECDemployment
Survey moots reviving 2002 proposal on extending gender quotas
OECD estimates that the annual growth of the economy could be up to 2.4 percentage points higher if India implements a package of pro-growth and pro-gender policies. It recommends reviving the 2002 proposal on extending gender quotas at the national and State parliamentary levels.
Female entrepreneurship is increasing in India, especially in manufacturing, where women account for 40 per cent of entrepreneurs, according to the OECD Economic Survey of India. This spurt in female entrepreneurship is facilitated by education, work experience and role models, including through quotas in political representation on rural councils, says the Survey.
Though encouraging the increase in entrepreneurship, however, is almost entirely accounted for by subsistence self-employed entrepreneurs, who work from home or as street vendors, the Survey finds. This is because the number of female entrepreneurs who have one or more employees has remained broadly stable.
OECD Chief Economist Catherine L. Mann released this Survey here on Wednesday. Also present at its presentation was Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian.
Aside of rising incidence of entrepreneurship, female economic participation in India remains exceptionally low, holding down incomes and resulting in severe gender inequalities, says the Survey. India stands out with less than a third of working-age women in work; this is, for example, half that of Brazil.
Unemployment
Weak demand is also contributing to lack of job opportunities. Double-digit unemployment among highly educated women suggests that many are willing to work if they had access to jobs that matched their skills, the Survey says.
The fact that most jobs were created in India in construction that tends to employ men has meant fewer opportunities for women.
India has pioneered many creative programmes to raise female status and participation in the economy, including training, gender budgeting, quotas for women in local councils, requiring women on boards in the 2013 Companies Bill and a Women’s Bank. India has also pledged to raise female economic participation in its G20 commitments. However, to realise the potential of higher female labour market participation, stronger gender-specific measures are needed, the Survey recommends.
It also recommends reinforcement of the implementation of the many existing laws that provide for gender equality and women’s rights, and removal of discriminatory legal measures.
Specific recommendations include: expansion of the Aadhaar programme to enlarge women’s opportunities by providing bank accounts for more women, raising the social protection, maternity benefits, as well as child and elderly care to free more women to enter the formal labour force and reinforcing the policies by the Ministry of Women and Child Development to promote training and access to credit to further increase entrepreneurship, including from home.
The Survey says that female quotas in local councils (from 30 to 50 per cent of seats and rotating chair) have raised women’s status by showing that women can do the job, and has improved decision making.

Britain says not optimistic about Iran nuclear deal by deadlineBritish Foreign Secretary said he was not optimistic that world powers and Iran would clinch a deal by November 24.
By: Reuters | Riga | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:27 am
British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said on Wednesday he was not optimistic that world powers and Iran would clinch a full nuclear deal by November 24 but that there may be a way of extending the self-imposed deadline.
“I’m not optimistic that we can get everything done by Monday,” Hammond told reporters in the Latvian capital.
“But I think if we make some significant movement we may be able to find a way of extending the deadline to allow us to get to the final deal if we’re making a good progress in the right direction.”
A final nuclear deal would see Iran offer assurances that it could not quickly pursue a path to a nuclear bomb, in exchange for a phased lifting of tight international sanctions on Tehran.

German envoy meets Sanskrit teachers  Batra too presentPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:01 am
Amid controversy over replacing German with Sanskrit as a third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas, a German delegation, led by Ambassador Michael Steiner, on Wednesday reached out to the Sanskrit Shikshak Sangh (SSS) in a bid to resolve the issue.
RSS ideologue Dina Nath Batra, convener of Shiksha Bachao Andolan Samiti, was present during the meeting.
Steiner had sought a meeting with the SSS, which had moved the Delhi High Court alleging that the Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan introduced German as a third language replacing Sanskrit, to seek cooperation for promotion of the two languages.
The SSS claimed Batra was present at the meeting merely because they were using “his office space”.
“We had very cordial discussions. He asked us why we were against German and we explained to him that it was not German that we were against, but that we only wanted to ensure our National Education Policy and Three Language Formula were not violated. He was satisfied with what we said,” D K Jha, president of the Sanskrit teachers body, told The Indian Express.
“Batraji had no role to play (in the meeting)…. he did not contribute to the discussion at all,” Jha asserted.
The Ambassador, it has been learnt, made it clear that he was not seeking a solution from the SSS, and the solution would be found within the government framework.
During the meeting, which lasted for more than one hour, both the sides asserted that they were on the “same page”, sources said. They also agreed that the two languages could “co-exist”.
The German delegation sought more cooperation for promotion of the two languages with Steiner proposing a conference for promotion of German and Sanskrit for fostering closer cultural ties, to which both sides agreed.
After the meeting, Steiner tweeted: “In-depth exchange with Sanskrit Shikshak Sangh leaders on Sanskrit & German in very friendly atmosphere.”
“Sanskrit Shikshak Sangh supported my idea to organize, early 2015, conference on Indo-Germanic language family (sic),” he said in another tweet.  This meeting comes a few days after German Chancellor Angela Merkel raised the issue with PM Narendra Modi on the sidelines of the G-20 Summit in Brisbane.

Family-run companies show how to thrive togetherStory
Thicker than water
Five families behind four businesses show that blood need not necessarily be shed, that it is possible to thrive together.
Suveen Sinha and Ajay Modi        Edition: Dec 7, 2014
(Imaging: N Ravishankar Reddy; Photos: Vivan Mehra and Shekhar Ghosh)
The families of Malvinder and Shivinder Mohan Singh, the brothers behind the Fortis and Religare companies, often go on holidays together. And more often than not, the brothers end up sharing a room. As they get lost in their conversations, their wives are known to jest that the "husband and wife are together".
The women have got used to it since they got married, two days apart, to the brothers. Shivinder and wife went to honeymoon in the Maldives, but not for long; they soon joined the other newlywed couple in Thailand. The brothers often dress alike, at times for board meetings, too, right down to the necktie. On one of those days it will take a careful eye to mark them apart by Malvinder's slightly wider jawline.
Shyam Bhartia of Jubilant group, 62, with his black hair and moustache, looks different from brother Hari, four years younger, who does not colour his salt-and-pepper beard and hair. All the three brothers of DCM Shriram - Ajay, Vikram and Ajit Shriram - wear spectacles, but that's where the similarity ends. The two Radhe Shyams, whose families control and run Emami, look similar only in the way all benign, bald, bespectacled old men look similar. Otherwise, they do not even have the same surname: one is Agarwal and the other Goenka.
And yet, the Bhartias, Shrirams, and Agarwal-Goenka are similar to the Singhs in that they have all stuck by the same recipe: strong family ties, harmony among wives and children, and seamless communication resulting in a thriving business that is showing no signs of strain.
The role of family businesses is indisputably significant. A third of Fortune 500 and S&P 500 companies are family-owned. Their ilk accounts for over 60 per cent of the US GDP. In India, 70 to 80 per cent of all companies are family-owned.
Among them, the five families of Fortis-Religare, Jubilant, Emami, and DCM Shriram present a heartwarming contrast to the all around upheaval. The harshest spotlight has been on brothers Ambani, whose feud painted all media red until 2011. It was only in December of that year that Kokilaben Ambani managed to bring her sons Mukesh and Anil under one roof in Chorwad, the Gujarat village where the Ambani saga began, and declare, "Hum sab saath hain."
Many others have been worse off. The Mafatlal family continues to suffer from a prolonged feud that dates back to the 1970s. The Modi clan is no longer mighty. Not all branches of the storied Birla clan are successful. The Bajaj family of Pune and the Kanwar family of Delhi have had their own share of internal battles. Why, even Malvinder-Shivinder's father, grandfather, and uncles generated their share of sound and fury before these two began to show how to do it right.
It is globally accepted that only a third of family businesses survive beyond the third generation. Our picks here appear poised to be part of the surviving, thriving one third.
There is no one formula for it. Leo Tolstoy had very different intentions when he said at the beginning of Anna Karenina that happy families were all alike. But his words ring just as true here. And just as layered. Beneath the surface, all happy and successful business families are happy and successful in their own way.
THE MIRROR HAS TWO FACES
It is not just about the way Malvinder and Shivinder look. They really have more in common than not. The two have been together since play school, went to the same school and college, and - not surprisingly - have common friends.
Shivinder and Malvinder Mohan Singh: They have more in common than not
Soon they will have one more thing in common. The corporate office they are building for Fortis on Gurgaon's Golf Course Road will have one large cabin that the brothers will share, albeit with separate desks and secretaries. Already they draw the same salary and the exact same perks. Their company cars are the same make and model. Their houses face each other across the road. "Our salary is ours, everything else is joint property," says Shivinder.
And yet, he adds, they are different persons. "We approach the same thing differently and our interests are different." That, he believes, is just as well. "When everyone wants to do the sexy thing irrespective of their capabilities, it becomes a problem."
Depending on how you look at it, the brothers may have done the sexy thing twice over. First they made history of sorts by selling family jewel Ranbaxy, set up by their grandfather Bhai Mohan and nurtured by father Parvinder into India's biggest pharmaceutical company with sizeable overseas footprint, to Japan's Daiichi Sankyo in 2008. And then they refused to spend the rest of their lives spending the Rs 10,000 crore they made in the deal. They have made Fortis one of the largest hospital chains in the country, while Religare is a leading financial services firm. And they have done it by being different persons.
Fittingly, the idea of Fortis was conceived in hospitals, some of the world's best, to which the brothers took father Parvinder after he was diagnosed with cancer in 1997. As attendants, they observed the way those places worked and planned to bring modern health-care to India some day.
When Parvinder passed away in 1999, Fortis was still on the drawing board, with just a 500 square foot office in New Delhi's Connaught Place and a letter of intent to build a hospital in Mohali, near Chandigarh. Just before he died, Parvinder sold 50 per cent equity in the company to IL&FS. "Dad assumed Ranbaxy would be the golden goose," says Shivinder.
In July 1999, after the father's death, the two were travelling in a blue Toyota Land Cruiser on Delhi's Ridge Road when the conversation turned to Mohali. "We debated if we should continue with the hospital idea. Spontaneously and simultaneously we decided to do it. Events like these are life-changing moments," says Shivinder.
They bought back the 50 per cent from IL&FS, after coughing up a premium, and Shivinder got down to building the company from scratch. It grew from hospital to hospital, many of which were acquired. Malvinder, meanwhile, rose through the ranks at Ranbaxy, working his way up first under D.S. Brar and then Brian Tempest, finally becoming the CEO in 2006. Then the brothers took all the eggs out of the golden goose in 2008 and Malvinder came to Fortis as its Executive Chairman, with Shivinder as the Executive Vice Chairman.
Now that both are together in the same company, leaving Sunil Godhwani to run Religare as the Chairman and Managing Director, they have each other's back. "I can take a break to sculpt six-pack abs, or take care of my son. I can shut my phone for a month. All because he is there. He can go on a world tour if he wants," says Shivinder.
All strategic, growth-related, and resource-allocation decisions are taken jointly. "There won't be an instance where one of us takes a decision without getting the other on board. There are however many instances where we haven't taken a decision because we did not agree," says Shivinder.
Communication, formal and informal, is unhindered. Just the other day, Malvinder walked into office for a meeting to find Shivinder eating his lunch. The older brother delayed his meeting to catch up with the younger one. In 15 minutes, they had cleared up a few things and moved on: the older with his meeting and the younger with his food.
At some point they may want to have a written code, especially if the children - seven, among the two brothers - choose to come into the company. Then again, maybe not. "The seven of them study in the same school. They don't need friends. For us the value of the family being together is important," says Malvinder.
Flowing communication, mutual respect and complementary skills are the ingredients that Pranav Sayta, Partner in charge of family businesses at consultancy firm EY, picks as critical to keep a business family together. "Individuals could have different strengths and interests," he says. "Some enjoy the limelight and being the public face. Others may be averse to it. Recognising and respecting these complementary strengths could be a win-win."
START-UP SPIRIT
Neither Shyam Bhartia nor younger brother Hari seems to enjoy the limelight. Search Google News for "Shyam Bhartia" and you get exactly one result, a regular executive profile on businessweek.com. "Hari Bhartia" throws up a couple of results, both about him being part of a business delegation with several other industrialists. That despite Shyam's wife being newspaper baroness Shobhana, who runs HT Media. Hari is married to Kavita, a fashion designer, and was many years ago seen at some Page 3 parties.
But in communication - a lot of it in Bangla; the Bhartias were among the early Marwari businessmen to settle in Kolkata - is as flowing as the English and Punjabi of the Singh brothers. And they share responsibilities just as equally.
Hari and Shyam Bhartia take all important decisions together (Photo: Vivan Mehra)
"If a decision is taken, Hari and I own it jointly. It is not his or my decision. There must be no blame game if things go wrong later. That is the most important aspect of a relationship," says Shyam, Chairman and Managing Director of Jubilant Bhartia Group.
He at times takes the lead in a conversation of which both are a part. And though Hari addresses him as SSB, not as Dada, the expression Bengalis use for older brother, Shyam is the one who has shown the way from the beginning. So much so that Hari chose to tether his fortunes to Shyam and not to either of his two other older brothers: Ajay and U.S. Bhartia.
For good reason. Look at what corporate icon Krishna Kumar Birla says in his autobiography: "My youngest son-in-law, Shyam Sundar Bhartia, is a very successful businessman. Starting from scratch, he established Vam Organic Chemicals, now called Jubilant Organosys Ltd. After the company was established, he approached financial institutions and banks for loans to put up the plant. All these financial bodies were hesitant to give loan to a company whose managing director was so young (Shyam was 25 then). Shyam then told them to ask him any question concerning the company and after that if they were dissatisfied with this answers, they were free to express their opinion. After discussing the matter with Shyam they were so impressed that they immediately agreed to his managing the company. I always say of him, of course in a lighter vein, that he can make money from anything that he touches."
This was 1976 and the bankers' initial scepticism was understandable. Shyam came from a family that traded in steel wires and Rolex watches. Vam Organic was to be in the very different area of chemicals.
After touching chemicals with Vam - the name of the company is the abbreviation for what it made: vinyl acetate monomer - Shyam moved into pharmaceuticals as Vam morphed into Jubilant and developed other interests like food retail - it is the franchisee for Domino's and Dunkin' Donuts - and oil and gas. All this while Hari, who joined Shyam at Vam after passing out of IIT Delhi, has been shoulder to shoulder with him.
The other two brothers separated in a family settlement of 1998. U.S. took away India Glycols, another chemicals firm, and Ajay Insilco. Insilco later went into German company Evonik's hands.
Jubilant thrives, especially the food retail part of it. India is poised to become the second-biggest market for Domino's in terms of the number of stores, next only to the US, overtaking the UK. It is the largest chain of quick service restaurants in the country with 16 per cent share of the market.
They also made mistakes. Hot Breads, another food retail venture, turned out to be a cold turkey. And a foray into software proved to be too late. "You can't be successful in everything," says Hari.
Their visits to the dining table, though, are very successful. "The dining table plays a very important part in family businesses," says Shyam. "You learn a lot there."
The other place where they come into their own is their companies' boardrooms. The day-to-day operations have been left to professional managers. The brothers focus on strategy, long-term planning, annual budgeting, and mergers and acquisitions - together, just as the Singh brothers.
"We disagree many times. Every day. If there is a disagreement, the idea is to respect the other's opinion because our interests are the same. If we disagree we just don't do that business and don't regret it later. What is gone is gone," says Hari.
The two families take at least one vacation together every year. It was Cape Town last year. The next is due this December. This year's destination may be decided over the course of the dinners, birthdays, and anniversaries that keep bringing the two families together. The meetings with the families of the other two brothers are less frequent, mainly at weddings.
Just like the Singhs, Shyam and Hari, too, feel they can step into each other's shoes. In the corporate office, in one corner of Noida's Film City, both sit on the same floor and freely walk into each other's rooms. For years they stayed in the same house. It was only 10 years ago that Hari moved out with his family. The children are almost equally attached to both. "They come to us with their ideas. We listen to them and guide them. The final decision is theirs," says Shyam.
Some of those decisions have led to entrepreneurial ventures in retail. Succession, though, is not something to worry about at this point in time. "The children are young. There is no definite plan but four of them will succeed the two of us. Theirs will also be a governance role and involve managing the businesses as shareholders," says Shyam. There is no business family council. "There are only two [principal] shareholders. We have not felt the need for a formal structure," says Shyam. And there is always the dining table.
ALL FOR THREE THREE FOR ALL
Ajay, Ajit, and Vikram Shriram: They leave their egos at home (Photo: Shekhar Ghosh)
DCM Shriram has three principal shareholders and a formal structure. Ajay, Vikram and Ajit have gone on a "Brothers Retreat" every year for 15 years, where they spend time in sessions conducted by consultant Sushanta Banerjee.
"You open up, as you are out of the office mode," says Ajay Shriram. Banerjee holds one-on-one sessions with them before bringing all three into one room.
The retreat takes place between July and September. Its duration has increased from two days to four as business has expanded and one of the principles is that there should be no unfinished agenda. There was some once and the brothers, after returning to Delhi, spent a day at the family farmhouse to tie up the loose ends. Last year they could not go out of town for the retreat. So they checked into Leela Kempinski in Gurgaon for four days.
Among the exercises Banerjee sets for them is one in which each of the three brothers has to talk about what he thinks of the other two and about the areas causing stress. "We are put into a deep-thinking mode. It gives us balance and understanding. If family members begin to have differences, business is the first to suffer. We have differences of opinion; we are human beings. But we talk openly about them and sort them out," says Ajay.
The wives and children do not come to this retreat. For them there is the annual holiday the three families take together. There are also periodic dinners.
"The point we have been addressing consistently is that the next generation is more influenced by external factors. We make efforts to share our experiences of growing up with them," says Ajay.
The next generation also spends time in training at the factories. Discussions are still on about how to get them into the family business. For now, each brother makes a conscious effort to spend time his nephews and nieces. When Ajay's son got married, it was difficult to pick out the cousins from the siblings. The house in which Ajay lives now was found by Vikram in 1992.
According to Vikram, the brothers leave their ego at home before walking into their offices, which are on the same floor in the Kanchenjunga building on New Delhi's Barakhamba Road, and have lunch together as often as they can. "We swim together and sink together. The wellbeing of the company is supreme."
Ajay, 60, and Vikram, 55, also did all media interviews together until this year, when Ajay became president of the Confederation of Indian Industry and had to make public appearances on his own. Ajit, 13 years younger to Ajay, has always been less visible.
Ajay says it is one of the challenges of family businesses to bring everyone on board. "It takes longer, but is worth it."
Technology helps. The three brothers share their calendars on the mobile and have a Whatsapp group. "Suppose Ajit is meeting someone and I have something in mind, I brief him since I am aware of his appointments," says Vikram. "Our biggest strength is the ability to talk openly."
All family assets are owned jointly by the three with their mother. The family kitty provides housing, education, and medical care to all three families and pays for marriages. There is a written constitution that lays down the value system, objectives, expectations from youngsters, and so on. The Family Council meets once every four months.
Ajit came into the company after DCM Shriram took shape in 1990 after a split in the fabled DCM family. For the next seven years, he learned the ropes at the factories, away from the corporate office.
Not surprisingly, he does not want to step on his brothers' toes. But he has his own wisdom about business families. "Families try to part ways when the goal is not common or when the wives influence the husbands," he says. "In our case the wives do not have any idea what goes on in office."
WHAT'S IN A SURNAME
The people behind the Kolkata-based Emami have no qualms about their women playing a role in the family business, although so far it is a daughter who has come in and not yet a daughter-inlaw. But then, this is a family with a difference. It is actually two families that look like one.
The company's founders, Radhe Shyam Agarwal and Radhe Shyam Goenka, met 60 years ago in school. They have not only the same first and second names but also the same birthday, January 6, though the 1946-born Agarwal is a year older to Goenka. They are not related by blood, yet their ties are no less thick. And the ties remain just as strong even as the next generation takes charge of the businesses.
Agarwal's sons, Aditya and Harsh, and daughter Priti Sureka take care of the group's businesses in tandem with Goenka's sons, Manish and Mohan, and nephew Prashant. Every business vertical is run jointly by an Agarwal and a Goenka. All of them have the same designation: director. The exception is Emami's real estate business, run by Raj Sureka and Rajesh Bagaria, the sons-in-law. Sureka is married to Priti and Bagaria to Goenka's daughter Rachna.
Manish Goenka and Aditya Agarwal take care of health-care, edible oil, paper and cement. "We went to the same school and college and have been taking care of a common vertical since our first day in business," says Manish.
(L-R) Manish Goenka, Aditya Agarwal, Prashant Goenka, RS Agarwal, RS Goenka, Mohan Goenka, Harsh Agarwal, and Priti Sureka: This is one big happy family (Photo: Shekhar Ghosh)*
He and Aditya have different cabins in the 10-storey Emami Tower on Kolkata's E.M. Bypass road. They used to sit in the same cabin before moving into this building. In the new building, their cabins have just a glass wall between them.
One of the two cabins is empty most of the time, because either Manish is sitting in Aditya's or Aditya in Manish's. "We used to sit at the same desk in school," says Manish. They often go on business trips together, many of which these days are to Chhattisgarh, where the two are setting up a cement plant.
When they look out of their cabins, they can see the other four family members, all of whom sit on the same eighth floor of Emami Tower. "We have lunch together. If one is hungry he waits till the others get free. There are times when five or six of us take one car back home," says Aditya.
Loud voices can emanate from that car, or from the lunch room, because the promoters believe in expressing their opinions freely, which are at times different. At times there are heated arguments, but the decision is always unanimous.
Communication among the second generation is good, but they have still not caught up with the two founders. "If you share a piece of information with Agarwal uncle now, you can be sure that my father will have it in the next 15 minutes," says Manish.
The two families have equal equity holdings in every venture. There is a Business Council that includes the promoters, senior executives of the groups, and some consultants. It meets once a quarter to take stock of businesses and approve investment proposals. There is also a Family Council that has put tobacco and liquor on the list of taboo businesses. Members of the two families cannot invest in stocks or real estate in their individual capacity.
Both families regard Agarwal senior as the head, though both he and Goenka senior together keep a benevolent eye over the families. "If I have to go on a business trip, I seek permission from Agarwal uncle," says Manish. If Aditya asks the cashier for money, he gets a call from his father to know the purpose. "If my wife has to buy jewellery she needs approval from Goenka uncle."
The Agarwals recently moved to a new house in Kolkata's Ballygunge area. All the expenditure on this house was approved by Goenka. Goenka also approves everyone's salaries.
"I talk to Agarwal uncle more than to my father. As kids, we used to think that our father and Agarwal uncle were brothers," says Mohan.
The two families meet every alternate Friday to review businesses. They take a holiday together every Dussehra, all 50 of them. One of those days is the women's day out. That day the men prepare a fourcourse meal. "Business battles, like most other battles, take place when you want to take," says Agarwal senior. "If you start giving, there will be no fights." The group, he says, employs 27,000 people, but has never faced labour trouble.
Trouble came from a different quarter. AMRI Hospital, in which Emami Group is the largest shareholder, caught fire in December 2011. Eighty-five patients and four staff members died. West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee swung into action against the hospital's directors. Emami's two founders were jailed, though Agarwal was put under police custody in hospital due to his fragile health. Manish and Prashant, too, were put behind bars.
For six months no one from the two families attended office, not even Goenka's son Mohan and Agarwal's son Harsh, who were not directors of the hospital and therefore not arrested. "It was unbearable to see all the cabins on our floor empty. Business continued as usual but my focus was on the case," says Mohan. By the time the arrested got bail and normal business resumed at Emami Tower, six months had passed.
Such tragedies can test and strain bonds among families, but these two stayed together. Throughout the case, which is still open before the Alipore court, the two families have had the same lawyer.
Agarwal's daughter Priti says the two families share a bond stronger than blood. "A husband and wife won't discuss things the way the two founders do," she says, sounding quite like the women do when Malvinder's and Shivinder's families go on holidays.
Family businesses, in spite of their preponderance, are notoriously fragile. Kavil Ramachandran, India's foremost expert in the area, and Wayne Rivers, head of the US-based Family Business Institute, explain why. And, also, how to avoid splits.
Q. WHAT ARE THE THORNY ISSUES THAT ARISE BETWEEN BROTHERS RUNNING BUSINESSES TOGETHER? HOW ARE THEY RESOLVED? OR, DO THEY PROVE IMPOSSIBLE TO RESOLVE?
RAMACHANDRAN: The issues could range from differences on strategic matters, like the speed and direction the business should take, to key recruitments, to investments. They could also be around differences in the style of management and decision-making processes. This is dynamic, too, when the business changes as also when people change after getting married or when they grow older. Resolution requires admitting that there are issues to discuss and resolve. A lot of these things can be anticipated.
RIVERS: First, brothers in business together generally have a hard time holding each other accountable. Second, usually each sibling has a specifi c turf. The normal means for keeping peace in the business family is for me to look after my turf and you to look after yours with very little interaction between us. It's easy to see why this system - engineered to keep peace in the family - presents serious limitations to a growing business. The third issue is the introduction of sons and daughters into the business. Fathers are genetically predisposed to prefer their own offspring to their nephews or nieces.
Q. OFTEN THE OLDER BROTHER HAS THE HIGHER DESIGNATION. iS THAT BECAUSE OF iNDIAN FAMILY VALUES? IS THAT AN IMPORTANT FACTOR IN KEEPING THEM TOGETHER?
RAMACHANDRAN: The elder is normally the fi rst entrant and occupies the more important chair. It's primarily cultural and in many families there is also a strong sense of consultation that makes hierarchy less relevant, particularly when they complement talents (like different fi ngers of a hand). The elder as well as the younger ones should feel comfortable both personally and professionally. The moment the quality of sharing drops, you can anticipate squabbles.
RIVERS: In the United States, it is often the case that the older sibling has the larger role or responsibility in the family business. The criterion for selection of who has the higher designation in the family business should be merit, not birth order, gender, or any other. In the US, we are seeing more and more often, for example, women becoming chief executives of their family businesses. That was not the case in the past. It is in the interest of everyone in the business family to have people of merit in positions of responsibility in order to preserve the long-term health of the organisation. If the business prospers, the family reaps the benefi ts.
Q. HOW CRITICAL IS IT FOR THE BROTHERS' WIVES TO GET ALONG WELL?
RAMACHANDRAN: Very important, indeed. There is always a strong infl uence of the spouse on the perceived image of the partner. Families where the wives show emotional maturity, there will be no issues. Also, if they are busy with other things, there are much less of challenges. It also depends on the way the person holding the senior position in business and the spouse (read wife) make the other pair comfortable in social settings. Hence, smooth relationship among the wives is very critical.
RIVERS: It's not critical, but it is most helpful. It depends on how much the spouses are willing to assert themselves. We have a clichÃ© in America: "The squeaky wheel gets the grease." Often spouses become infl uential in family business matters not because of the merit or strength of their arguments but simply because they are assertive, and others in the group seek to appease them. Certainly there's nothing wrong with a wife or mother advocating for her husband or children in a family business setting; however, mere assertiveness or attempts at dominance should not be rewarded. Reiterating my previous point, merit should be the deciding factor when advancing family members of any generation.
Q. WAS THE AMBANI BROTHERS' BREAK-UP AVOIDABLE?
RAMACHANDRAN: Yes, of course. There was no mechanism to keep the business matters separate from family matters. The brothers should have recognised that there were differences of many kinds between their wives which could affect their own relationship. They should have consciously kept the business relationship separate from personal issues. That was easily possible because the business had already grown so big and they could have managed the empire without personal involvement in operations. They should have developed strong governance practices in family and business.
RIVERS: I know comparatively little about the Reliance Industries story other than that it was a phenomenon in India. Speaking generally, not all sibling partnership break-ups are avoidable and some are, indeed, quite wise. Often, in hindsight, family members should never have been in business together in the fi rst place. Family pressures sometimes forge partnerships where none would've existed in the absence of the family pressure. The saddest stories are those where a once loving family is torn apart by the pressures of business. Preventing it requires intentionality and hard work. The good news is that there are tools and resources to help them.
*The print version of the story had incorrectly identified Mohan Goenka as Manish Goenka and vice-versa. The image caption has been updated with the correct information. The error is regretted.
- Follow the authors on twitter @suveensinha and @ajaymodibt.

Volkswagen recalls 442 000 Jettas  Beetles to fix suspension problemVolkswagen is recalling 442,000 Jettas and Beetles to fix a problem that can cause rear suspension failure if the cars aren’t fixed properly after a crash.
The recall covers 2011 through 2013 Jettas and 2012 through 2013 Beetles.
VW says in documents posted by US safety regulators that if rear trailing arms are damaged in a crash and not repaired correctly, they can fracture suddenly. That can cause loss of control and possibly a crash. Trailing arms connect the axle to the frame.
The company says there have been no crashes or injuries in the US, but there were reports of fractured trailing arms mainly in Asian countries.
Dealers will inspect trailing arms for damage and install sheet metal to help prevent a loss of vehicle control.
The sheet metal will be installed at no cost to customers, but customers will have to pay for repairs if their suspension was damaged, VW said.
Parts currently aren’t available, but VW will notify customers to take their cars to dealers for a free inspection. Customers can call VW at (800)893-5298.
TAGS: Volkswagen
More from automobiles

Mozilla replaces Google as default search engine on YahooYahoo to replace Google as default search engine for Mozilla Firefox
Alexei Oreskovic     San Francisco   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 16:56 IST
Photo: Reuters
Yahoo struck a deal with Firefox maker Mozilla to replace Google as the default search engine on the Firefox Web browser in the United States, a move that Yahoo Chief Executive Marissa Mayer said will help boost its flagging search market share.
The deal between the two companies will start in December and is set to last five years, Yahoo said. Mayer would not disclose the financial terms other than to say that the partnership is a revenue sharing agreement and includes certain "guarantees."
The partnership, which integrates Yahoo search into Firefox's browser for desktop PCs and mobile devices such as smartphones, will produce a "share gain" for Yahoo, Mayer said in an interview with Reuters on Wednesday.
The Mozilla deal means that users of the Firefox browser in the US will automatically be routed to search results on Yahoo's website when they type a query into the small box that appears at the top of the browser.
"It's one of the largest independently-directed search share opportunities available in the market," Mayer said, declining to estimate how much of a boost Yahoo expected to receive from the deal.
Yahoo's share of the US search market on desktop PCs is currently about 10 percent, according to industry research firm comScore, compared to Microsoft's roughly 20 per cent and Google's 67 per cent.
Google previously served as the default search option for users of the Firefox Web browser on an international basis. With Google's three-year deal coming to an end, Mozilla has struck deals with several search engines in different regions, including Baidu in China and Yandex NV in Russia.
Yahoo said it has revamped the look of its search engine, making more use of rich graphics and photos, for the Firefox partnership. The Web search results will continue to be powered by Microsoft , in keeping with the 10-year partnership that Yahoo and Microsoft began in 2010.
Firefox had 10.4 per cent of the US browser market on desktop PCs, mobile smartphones and tablets last month, according to tech data firm StatCounter. Google's Chrome browser was the leader with 33.5 per cent.
Yahoo shares were up 1 per cent at $51.10 in extended trading on Wednesday.

India to have 100 million online users by 2016: Google reportJaguar Land Rover launches new variant of Jaguar XF at Rs 45.12 lakh
If you thought the Indian ecommerce boom has reached its peak, then you could not be further from the truth. The country will have 100 million online shoppers by 2016, according to the Google annual online shopping growth trends report released on Thursday.
The figure was 8 million in 2012 and is 35 million this year, showing how the ecommerce industry has grown.  Incidentally, India is expect to cross 300 million Internet users by the end of the year overtaking the second largest web economy.
Google India MD Rajan Anandan said almost all the Internet growth in India is happening on mobile. “Mobile is driving growth in every single Internet product entity. In other markets Internet took off on the desktop, in India its happening on mobile,” he said underlining the need for creating different products for the users.
The survey, conducted in collaboration with Forrester Research, covered 6859 respondents across 50 cities using a mixed methodology format.
The key takeaways of the study are below:
The growth in coming years will come from Tier 1 as 71 per cent of respondents in this segment said they will buy online in next 12 months. In Tier 1, women buyers outspend men by 2x. And 1 in 4 women are buying on mobile.
In Tier 3, 1 out of 2 is already on mobile. This figure is just one out of 3 in Tier 1. Shopping queries from mobile has grown from 24 per cent in 2012 to 57 per cent in 2014.
By 2016 industry size will be close to $15 billion.
About 65 per cent people buy online for convenience and a similar number like the variety on offer. About 60 per cent think it is cool to shop online.
While electronics is a popular segment now, the growth areas are clearly home furnishing, cosmetics and baby care.
TAGS: E-commerce India Google Online Shopping
More from industry

Rift between coal unions paves way for CIL stake saleRift between Coal India unions may pave way for govt's stake sale plan
Krishna N Das     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 14:29 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
A rift between the five powerful labour unions at Coal India (CIL) is set to clear the way for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government to complete a stake sale in the state company that is critical to hitting budget targets.
A strike is scheduled to be held on Monday to oppose plans to sell 10 per cent stake in CIL and let private firms to mine and sell coal. Hoever, one of the unions, close to the Prime Minister's nationalist party, says it has the backing of half of CIL's 3,70,000 workers and will not join the strike.
"A strike is not the right process to get your demands met," Baij Nath Rai, president of the Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh (BMS) trade union, told Reuters.
The share sale could fetch the government a third of its US $9.5 billion annual disinvestment target . Asset sales are running behind schedule, pressuring a deficit target of 4.1 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP) for the financial year ending March 31, 2015.
Officials have marketed the sale in the United States and roadshows will follow this week in London and Singapore. However, no date has been set for the actual launch of the sale, sources with knowledge of the matter said.
The stake sale in Coal India would follow a 5 per cent divestment in state-run Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), worth US $2.8 billion and slated for December.
SECOND TIME LUCKY
In 2013, the unions thwarted the previous government's attempt to sell a stake in the public sector undertaking. Officials are now counting on PM Modi's clout to push the sale through as part of broader efforts to end the country's coal production crisis.
The unions rarely break ranks. With the BMS staying away, union leaders and company officials told Reuters, the one-day strike is likely to have little impact on CIL's daily output of up to 1.5 million tonnes.
The BMS is part of the same Hindu nationalist umbrella group to which the Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party belongs.
"The divestment will go through soon and worker unions will come on board. Coal India officials are in talks with them," said a senior government official.
Hoever, the official, who spoke on conditions of anonymity, said the government did not believe in "steamrolling" anyone and was working on other ways to make the strike fail. He did not elaborate.
A senior CIL official said the BJP's election victory in May had boosted the BMS's influence over other unions, helping stem opposition to government measures and curb output losses.
"We don't want to quarrel with the BMS but their leadership is under pressure," said Jibon Roy, general secretary of the All India Coal Workers Federation.
"We oppose divestment, we oppose commercial mining by private firms, and we oppose anything that will lead to the demise of Coal India and bring slavery to India".
(Reuters)

Until Nov 17  UT spent Rs 3.29 cr to stop RampalfollowersWomen followers sheild the Satlok Ashram of Sant Ram Pal in Hisar after the news of police approaching it. (Source: PTI Photo)
Chandigarh | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:04 pm
BY SANJEEV VERMA
The defiant attitude shown by Sant Rampal of Satlok Ashram in Barwala and his followers against orders of the Punjab and Haryana High Court has cost the Chandigarh Administration and city police Rs 3,29,20,639 by way of expenditure on maintaining law and order till November 17.
To prevent Sant Rampal’s followers, carrying ‘acid bottles’ apart from sticks and stones, from marching towards the high court, the Chandigarh Police also had to take assistance from the police forces of Punjab as well as Haryana to seal the inter-state borders. Besides, services of the Rapid Action Force and the Central Reserve Police Force were also taken.
Around 50,000 followers reached Chandigarh by adopting various modes of transportation like buses, train and private vehicles on the dates when hearing of the contempt case against the godman was scheduled in the high court. This was despite the court’s directions to the godman to ensure that none of his followers came to the city in connection with the hearing.
Rampal’s followers were fully prepared to fight against the Chandigarh Police personnel deputed for maintaining law and order, says a report by Chandigarh SSP Sukhchain Singh, filed in the court registry on Wednesday.
The report says that the presence of a large number of Rampal’s followers on these dates adversely affected the life of general public. Many people failed to reach their destinations as they were stopped by Rampal’s followers, causing great inconvenience, reads the report.
On November 4 and 5, a total of 3,160 Chandigarh Police personnel were deployed at various places, especially the bus stands, the railway station and the high court premises, to prevent any breach of peace and security. Similarly, on November 9 and 10, as many as 4,517 policemen, and on November 16 and 17, a total of 4,317 police personnel were deployed across the city.

Delhi HC to pass order on dastarbandi of Jama Masjid deputyimamPrint
The Imam of India’s largest mosque had recently roused controversy by announcing that his 19-year-old son would be appointed the deputy imam.
, Reported by Aneesha Mathur | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:01 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 6:09 pm
The Delhi High Court on Thursday deferred its judgment by tomorrow on the pleas against dastarbandi ceremony of naib imam of Jama Masjid.
Three petitions seeking a stay on the dastarbandi ceremony (anointment) for the son of Jama Masjid’s “Shahi Imam” Ahmed Bukhari as the “deputy” or naib Imam have been filed before the Delhi High Court.
Hearing the pleas, the court questioned why the Waqf board has not taken any action on the issue. It also asked whether any legal rights arise after the dastarbandi ceremony.
Additional solicitor general Tushar Mehta, who is representing the Archeological Survey of India, told the court that the ceremony should not be held in the ancient monument as cultural sanctity is attached to the place.
Member and Delhi Waqf board advocate Rana Parveen Siddiqui told the court that Imam has no legal position unless ratified by the Waqf board. The Waqf board counsel Wajid Shafiq said the board has not given any permission.
The Imam of India’s largest mosque had recently roused controversy by announcing that his 19-year-old son would be appointed the deputy imam and had later said that the dastarbandi was a “private religious ceremony”.
Alleging that the post of an imam cannot be hereditary under Islam or under Indian law, the pleas state that Imam Bukhari is an “appointee” of the Waqf Board and cannot be allowed to appoint his own successor.

India retain numero uno status while Virat Kohli stays at No.2 in ICC ODIRankingsPrint
Virat Kohli leaves for Australia. The stand-in skipper would look to commence the series on a good note in the first Test, starting 4th December (Source: Varinder Chawla)
By: Press Trust of India | Dubai | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:59 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 5:49 pm
India retained the number one spot in the latest Reliance ODI team rankings while Virat Kohli maintained the number two position with skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni static at the seventh place in the batting chart released.
Meanwhile, following third ODI in Canberra in which Australia defeated South Africa by 73 runs, George Bailey’s charges have leapfrogged into second place on the Reliance ICC ODI Team Rankings and are just two points adrift of leader and 2011 World Cup champion India who have 117 points.
If Australia win the two remaining ODIs, they will move into first place on 117 points, edging out India by one-fifth of a ratings point. A Proteas victory on Friday and then on Sunday would see South Africa return to second place, a point adrift of India and Australia drop to third.
Kohli is at second place in batting with 862 points, behind South Africa’s A B de Villiers (888), and ahead of another Protea Hashim Amla (845).
Indian captain Dhoni remains constant at seventh with 738 points.
Seamer Bhuvneshwar Kumar is the best-placed Indian at eighth with 641 points in the bowling chart topped by suspended Pakistan off-spinner Saeed Ajmal. Another suspended spinner, West Indian Sunil Narine, is at second followed South Africa pace spearhead Dale Steyn.
No Indian features among the top 3 allrounders in world cricket at the moment.
Meanwhile, in the team rankings, Bangladesh and Zimbabwe have the opportunity to gain vital rankings points as they go head to head in five One-Day Internationals (ODIs) starting Friday in Chittagong.
Ninth-placed Bangladesh currently hold an 11-point lead over Elton Chigumbura’s charges, and can further increase their lead while also reducing the gap with New Zealand and West Indies, who lie level on 96 points.
A 5-nil series win for Bangladesh would open up a 22- point gap over Zimbabwe, while a 4-1 scoreline would lead to a lead of 17 points. A 3-2 series win would see the hosts retain a nine-point advantage.
Zimbabwe will be eyeing a move up the rankings, as a 5-0 series win would see them leapfrog Bangladesh into ninth position, six points clear. In the event of a 4-1 series win, the two sides would be level on 63 points, with the host holding a fractional advantage.

PMC to conduct counselling session for school bus drivers  parents principalsNearly 1,100 schools under the board will participate in the workshop on Saturday.
Written by Ardhra Nair | Pune | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:56 pm
 
In the wake of cases of sexual assault of schoolchildren by school bus drivers and attendants being reported, the Pune Municipal Corporation School Board will conduct a workshop that will include drivers of school buses, parents and principals at Ganesh Kala Krida Manch on Saturday.
The workshop will be a counselling and awareness exercise. Psychologists will hold counselling sessions and traffic police officials will talk about rules, regulations and punishment.”
“We held a meeting with education board officials at our 15 ward office. It is very unfortunate that sexual crime against children in cities is increasing. Many a times such crimes are not reported. Hence we found a need to educate parents, teachers, bus owners, drivers and attendants. That is why the workshop,” said Pradip Dhumal, chairman, PMC School Board.”
“We have sent letters to all private schools under our jurisdiction regarding the workshop. All school representatives and commissioner of education for the state will attend. We have psychologists and social workers to five talks. We have invited officials from traffic police, regional transport office etc who will talk about laws regarding school transport and how stringent the punishments,” said Noordin Ali Somji, deputy chairman, School Board.
There have been three cases reported in 10 months (Erandwane school, Wanowarie school and recently Warje school). There are about 1,100 schools under the School Board that will participate in the workshop.

19-year-old Dalit girl gangraped by boyfriend  his friends in UP; 4 arrestedPrint
Written by Manish Sahu | Lucknow | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:18 am
Four youths allegedly gangraped a Dalit girl late on Tuesday night at an under-construction building in Agra, following which the girl, in an attempt to escape her captors, one of whom is reportedly her boyfriend, jumped from the second floor of the building.
The police were called to the spot by locals who spotted the girl around 11 pm screaming for help. The 19-year-old has suffered a fracture in her leg apart from other injuries.
On Wednesday evening, the police arrested Akash, reportedly the girl’s boyfriend, and his three friends — Narendra, Chhotu and Monu, all residents of Dehtora — on charges of gangrape and under the SC/ST Act. They will be produced before a court Thursday.
Additional SP, City, Sameer Saurabh said that the medical examination of the girl has been conducted and that the report is awaited.
Station House Officer, Sikandra Police Station, Ashish Kumar Singh said the girl told them she had a heated argument with her parents following which she had gone to her boyfriend’s house at around 6 pm on Tuesday.
ASP Saurabh said Akash was alone in the house when the girl reached. Initially, he asked her to go back to her parents but she refused and insisted on staying. After a brief argument, Akash asked her to go the nearby under-construction building and wait for him, the ASP said.
The SO said Akash first joined her there and a few minutes later, his three friends also arrived. They overpowered the girl and took her to the terrace of the building where they allegedly raped her. Based on the details provided by the girl, Akash and his friends were arrested, the ASP said.

Fibre-rich diet helps you lose weightPrint
Certain fibres contained in prepared foods such as cereals, cereal bars, baking mixes, and drinks may cause a shift towards beneficial bacteria in the gut. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New York | Posted: November 20, 2014 10:03 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 10:04 am
Certain fibres contained in prepared foods such as cereals, cereal bars, baking mixes, and drinks may cause a shift towards beneficial bacteria in the gut and assist in weight loss when made part of a long-term, daily diet, says a new research.
The researchers focused on two fibres – polydextrose, which is a common fibre food additive and soluble corn fibre.
“We need more fibre in our diets from lots of different sources,” said Hannah Holscher from the University of Illinois in the US.
“These two fibres look like they could be beneficial when included in a balanced diet along with whole grains, fruits, vegetables and legumes,” Holscher added.
The researchers found that there were significant shifts in the gut bacterial populations with fibre supplements and when the supplements were stopped populations seemed to go back to where they were before.
What was most surprising and novel in the recent study was a shift in the Bacteroidetes:Firmicutes ratio towards more Bacteroidetes, something the researchers had not viewed previously.
“This was of particular interest to us because other research works have shown that having more Bacteroidetes may be beneficial because the higher that proportion is, the individual tends to be leaner. With higher Firmicutes, that individual tends to be more obese,” Holscher said.
The researchers used whole-genome sequencing to explore the full range of bacterial genomic information in the gut after fibre supplementation.
Previous research has shown that dietary fibre can also help reduce the risk of colon cancer, type 2 diabetes and other diseases.
The study appeared in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition.

45% Indian will be on LTE by 2020: Ericsson MobilityReportWith 18 million new mobile subscriptions, India was ahead of all other countries in Q3 2014.  (Reuters)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:17 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 3:33 pm
India is leading mobility growth globally and has the fastest growth for new mobile subscriptions with 18 million net additions in Q3 2014, according to the Ericsson Mobility Report. This is a substantial chunk of the 180 million connections added globally, just under rest of Asia (excluding China) and Africa as a whole, and largest for any country.
However, the most interesting aspect of this growth will be that by 2020, 45 per cent of the country’s population will be covered by LTE. At present the number under LTE in India is insignificant. By then, more than 95 per cent of the Indian population will be covered through GSM/EDGE technology, and over 90 per cent on WCDMA/HSPA networks, says the report. Globally, the growth of LTE will be at the cost GSM/EDGE, shows the report.
The report says “mobile data user demographics are evolving fast in India, with mobile broadband starting to bridge the digital divide  between the rural and urban populations”. “Mobile data usage and services are becoming increasingly mainstream, with a growing proportion of people from lower-income groups now downloading apps and streaming video content from the internet using mobile devices,” it adds.
The report shows that mobile usage is becoming increasingly data driven. In fact, mobile broadband users now send 40 out of every 100 messages through instant messaging apps, rather than SMS, thanks to lower cost, ease of use, ease of content sharing, and a better overall user experience. Similarly, on an average, 3G smartphone users download 10 new apps per month, of which chat and gaming apps account for more than 35 percent
While 61 percent of mobile broadband users are more willing to pay extra for an improved indoor connectivity experience, 80 per cent of mobile broadband users in India want to pay more for rich experience indoors.
Find the full report here
 

Express LOL: Heres how India can save itself fromEbolaPrint
By: Express LOL | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:15 pm
It was only a matter of time. Ebola has visited more countries recently than Narendra Modi and, just like him, it might soon be in India. We need a plan to fight this deadly disease, and stop it from becoming an epidemic.
But this plan must be unconventional – we need out of the box thinking. Here are 6 great ideas.
1)  Use Rajinikanth: Because human beings are afraid of an Ebola epidemic, but Ebola is constantly afraid of a Rajini epidemic.
2) Hold a special screening for Ebola: Of the movies Happy New Year and Kick back to back. In less than a day, the virus will run away screaming.
3) Send it to Rampal’s hideout in Hisar: It will take 8 years before it is able to escape, and even then it’ll need a squadron of policemen.
4) Make sure it gets washed away: By the wave which reduced the Congress Party to a group of hobbyists, the Modi Wave.
5) Call in Virat Kohli: Maybe Ebola needs an adversary who is young, confident, and is not shy about kissing it goodbye?
6) Give it a really bad headache: By asking it to explain every plot twist and physics loophole in the 180 minute experience that is Interstellar. And, when we say explain, we mean ‘…to Kim Kardashian’.

His inadvertent admission  Mehram kins casual remark made copssuspiciousPrint
Written by Gagandeep Singh Dhillon | Mohali | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:11 pm
Although without a criminal record, Ganju planned the crime well and almost got away with it. The police checked him once in the initial days of investigation and let him off.
However, his own inadvertent admission before the police after he was rounded up for questioning that he saw Mehram around 6.30 pm before the boy disappeared on October 28, and that he was one of the few people whom Mehram always obeyed turned the suspision on him, said police sources.
On Sunday, Mehram’s mother Harinder Kaur and her parents were questioned at length, during which it came up that a few days before Diwali, Mehram had gone missing for around half an hour, but had returned home with Ganju, who had bought him a chocolate. Both of them were scolded by Mehram’s family.
Although the family did not suspect Ganju, the police immediately called Ganju for questioning. Mehram was suspected to have been kidnapped around 6 pm, but Ganju told the police that he saw Mehram there around 6.30 pm, before leaving to meet his friends at Kumbra. His call detail record showed that his phone was switched off during this time.
“He has friends at Kumbra who work at a private hospital in Sector 69. When they were called for questioning, I recognised one of them as somebody who was present at the crime scene when the body was discovered. Although it later turned out to be a coincidence, we sensed something was fishy. His friends were not involved, but Ganju, after interrogation, confessed that he killed the boy after taking him to Sector 69 to buy a chocolate,” said a senior police officer.
The officer added, “The times when Ganju switched off his phone matched with the occurrence of the crime and his visits to the site. On Tuesday night, we made him reconstruct the scene, which he did accurately. He knew exactly what Mehram was wearing, and accurately described the piece of cloth used for strangulation which was later found on the body. He knew each and every path in the dense forest area. There was no doubt left in the end.”
The families of the boy and the accused had good relations. Ganju’s mother was part of the same religious group as that of Mehram’s grandmother Jaswinder Singh and they served in the gurdwara together. Ganju’s nephew Anmol was of Mehram’s age and his friend.
Expressing shock over the incident, Mehram’s maternal grandfather Balwinder Singh said, “I have known Ganju ever since he was a kid, and I was like his father. I find it hard to believe that he would do this for ransom, as we had no money. We still suspect the involvement of Harinder’s in-laws.” His wife Jaswinder Kaur seconded his views, and said, “Mehram’s killer should be hanged to death.”
Ganju stayed with his parents, two elder brothers and a sister while another sister is married. His father is a retired government employee while one of his brothers had earlier been convicted in an NDPS case. He mostly stayed continued…

CME: Medical council makes 30-min ethics sessionsmandatoryPrint
Written by Anuradha Mascarenhas | Pune | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:09 pm
Continuing medical education (CME) programmes to upgrade professional skills now comes with a rider. Every CME programme will include a half-hour session on ethical conduct. Not only that, the Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC) on Wednesday gave
a strong push to introduce ethics as a subject in MBBS curriculum.
“Students are taught to diagnose and treat patients as part of the MBBS curriculum. We want to reinforce that he/she has several roles to play in the world of medicine,” Dr Kishore Taori, President of MMC told The Indian Express.
“As per the code of medical ethics of the Medical Council of India (MCI) — reward or financial gain is a subordinate consideration and we want to stress professional conduct, etiquette and ethics by doctors,” he said.
The code has been in existence for some years but there is a need to reinforce it and MMC at its executive committee meeting on Wednesday decided to make it compulsory for CMEs to set aside a half-hour session on ethical conduct. It may be recalled that it was mandatory for doctors and medical associations to participate and organize CMEs to gain credit points for renewal of registrations after every five years.
“Apart from learning about new modalities of treatment and getting exposure to recent advances in various branches of medicine, doctors will have to undergo sessions on ethical conduct as part of the CMEs,” Taori added. “The aim is to revert to our original objective outlined in the code of ethics to render services with full respect for the dignity of the profession.”
Physicians should command confidence of patients and for that, a course in communication skills has been introduced in the MBBS curriculum, Dr Arun Jhamkar, Vice-Chancellor of the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences told The Indian Express. “We floated the concept of reinforcing values in medical education by organising a four-day course on yogic practice and meditation.”
While the University of Sydney has decided to emulate this concept, Jhamkar was surprised at objections raised by some groups.
“However, we will continue efforts to introduce modules on professional ethics and conduct in MBBS curriculum,” Jhamkar said.
A meeting of the academic council on November 25 will decide, he added.

India on cusp of financial revolutionSave this video
Copy URL
RBI governor Raghuram Rajan said that the it is fair to say India is a cusp of financial revolution.
97

Infosys in race to buy Airbus unit CIMPASave this video
Copy URL
CIMPA's acquisition will help Infosys deepen its presence in the engineering services space, a segment that currently contributes to less than 5% of its revenues. If finalised, this would be the first acquisition after Vishal Sikka took charge as CEO over three months back.
172

Rupee ends at 61.74 against dollarUpdated: November 18, 2014 18:57 IST
Rupee ends at 61.74 against dollar
PTI
market and exchange
The rupee on Tuesday weakened for the fourth straight session and ended at a one-month low of 61.74 against the US dollar.
In line with lacklustre trade in local equities, the rupee closed one paisa down against the greenback on alternate bouts of buying and selling, despite a sharp fall in dollar overseas. In four straight days, the rupee has depreciated by 23 paise.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local unit resumed lower at 61.79 a dollar from previous close of 61.73. It declined further to a low of 61.8750 on initial dollar demand from importers.
Later, it met with strong resistance and recovered to a high of 61.69 before settling at 61.74, showing a fall of one paisa or 0.02 per cent. This was its weakest close since 61.83 on October 16, 2014.

Aamir Khan croons  Aati Kya Khandala  at Arpita Khans weddingPrint
Post the wedding nuptials, Aamir Khan and singer Mika Singh entertained the guests.
Written by Sunitra Pacheco , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Mumbai | Posted: November 19, 2014 1:33 pm | Updated: November 19, 2014 6:20 pm
Bollywood superstar Aamir Khan was an enthusiastic participant in good friend Salman Khan’s sister Arpita’s wedding celebrations. Arpita Khan tied the knot to Delhi-based businessman Aayush Sharma in an extravagant wedding ceremony on Tuesday (November 18), at the Taj Falaknuma hotel in Hyderabad.
Read: Salman Khan’s special guests at Arpita’s wedding: Aamir, ex Katrina, Priyanka
Post the wedding nuptials, Aamir Khan and singer Mika Singh entertained the guests with a special rendition of the actor’s famous song from ‘Ghulam’, ‘Aati Kya Khandala’.
Aamir Khan’s wife Kiran Rao also joined in the fun as she danced a jig on stage along with Aamir.
But that was not all, brother-of-the-bride, Salman Bhai, who is known to be a bit shy when it comes to crooning in public, made an exception and sang ‘Jumma Chumma’. His father, Salim Khan also sang for the guests.

Rajnikanth  Amitabh Bachchan and a slice of Gandhi this IFFIThe 45th edition of the IFFI, which gets underway on Thursday, is all set to host a coming together of two celestial objects, Rajnikanth and Amitabh Bachchan, who have helped millions of Indian cinema lovers soar into orbit over decades.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Posted: November 19, 2014 3:16 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 10:26 am
On Thursday, if you are in Goa, you may just be in chance to collect some stardust.  The 45th edition of the IFFI, which gets underway on Thursday, is all set to host a coming together of two celestial objects, Rajnikanth and Amitabh Bachchan, who have helped millions of Indian cinema lovers soar into orbit over decades.
The duo, two supreme stars of a galaxy called Bollywood will attend the inauguration ceremony at the Syama Prasad Mookerjee indoor stadium on the outskirts of the state capital on November 20.
While Big B will be the chief guest at the event, the Nizam of the Southern cinema Rajnikanth will be present to accept the Centenary award for Indian Film personality of the year at a ceremony which will be attended attended Union ministers for Information and Broadcasting Arun Jaitley (cabinet) Rajyavardhan Rathore (state) and Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar, among others.
Bachchan’s entry this year is significant because the tenure of his absence from IFFI, India’s biggest state-backed film festival has coincided with his falling out with the Congress-led central governments in the recent past.
‘The President’ directed by Mohsen Makhmalbaf will be the opening film of the fest, while “The Grandmaster” by Wong Kar-wai, who will incidentally receive the lifetime achievement award, will be the closing film.
The 11-day festival will also screen 179 films from 75 countries across different categories which include World Cinema (61 films), Masterstrokes (11 films), Festival Kaleidoscope (20 films), Soul of Asia (7 films), Documentaries (6 films), and Animated Films (6 films).
The Indian Panorama section will include 41 feature and non-feature films. Seven films from the India’s North-Eastern region will also be screened at the event, as part of a special package.
“In all sixty two films in the world cinema section will be screened, while 15 films will be screened in the IFFI’s competition section this year,” says Shankar Mohan, a senior official of the Union ministery for Information and Broadcasting, who is also Director of the IFFI.
Retrospective sections on Gulzar and Jahnu Baruah, special homage films on Richard Attenborough, Robin Williams, Zohra Sehgal, Suchitra Sen, and special tribute to Farooq Sheikh would be other attractions this year.
A special section of films that focus on dance, personality based retrospectives, and Masterclasses or specialized workshops conducted by master artistes will also form a part of IFFI 2014.
This positioning of China as a guest country at this year’s event is a result of cinematic partnership as envisioned in an India-China agreement signed continued…

Pepperfry.com plans to raise $40 mcompany information
The fresh capital would be used for strengthening the company’s logistics and supply chain.
Online furniture and home decor marketplace Pepperfry.com is planning to raise $40-50 million in a fresh round of funding.
Earlier in May, it has raised around $15 million from Bertelsmann India Investments along with existing investor Norwest Venture Partners, taking the total fund raised to $28 million till date.
The fresh capital would be used for strengthening the company’s logistics and supply chain.
“For a furniture business like ours, logistics and supply chain are the key factor for growth. In the scale which we are growing we are planning to raise a fresh round of funding in the range of around $40-50 million. The process will be initiated by December, reaching our target of Rs.400 crore,” said company founder and Chief Operating Officer Ashish Shah. With the current run rate, the company expects to clock-in revenue of around Rs.400 crore by the year end. At present, the company delivers its products in 480 cities across the country, out of which delivery in 127 cities are done using the company’s own fleet of vehicles.
It has around 58 vehicles and plans to increase the number of vehicles to around 150-175 by next year.
The company also runs around 11 warehouses across the country, and is likely to increase the number of warehouses using the proposed funding. Apart from the addition of vehicles and warehouses, the marketplace is also adding ‘experience centres’.

UN urges world to shut down extremists  resourcesLooking at these challenges solely through a military lens has shown its limits, said UN chief Ban Ki-moon.
By: Associated Press | United Nations | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:35 am
The UN Security Council on Wednesday urged countries to deny the Islamic State and other extremist groups their sources of money and fighters by shutting down oil trade, refusing ransom payments, tightening security checks and more.
The council statement followed a new UN report that estimates the Islamic State’s potential revenue from crude oil ranges from USD 846,000 to USD 1.645 million per day and that it raised an estimated USD 35 million to USD 45 million in a 12-month period from ransom payments.
The report recommends new sanctions but warns that sanctions alone are insufficient to counter the global terror threat.
Council members in an open debate expressed alarm that the new wave of fighters is younger, more diverse and skilled in using social media to attract more than 15,000 foreigners from more than 80 countries.
Australian Ambassador Gary Quinlan warned that a significant number have European passports.
Council members stressed that more must be done to combat the terrorist narrative and change the economic and other circumstances that might make that narrative attractive. “Looking at these challenges solely through a military lens has shown its limits,” UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told the meeting.
The council statement urges more effort by UN member states to restrict the flow of foreign fighters, but the chair of the council committee on counterterrorism, Lithuania Ambassador Raimonda Murmokaite, laid out multiple and “significant” gaps in border and other controls that might keep citizens from traveling to fight.

Vibrant Gujarat eyes Rs 12 lakh cr investment dealsVibrant Gujarat eyes Rs 12 lakh crore investment deals from summit
IANS     Hyderabad   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 10:27 IST
This will be the first Vibrant Gujarat summit without Narendra Modi (now Prime Minister) as the chief minister (Photo: Reuters)
Gujarat expects investment deals of over Rs 12 lakh crore at the Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors' Summit scheduled to be held in January, a minister said in Hyderabad on Wednesday.
This will be the first summit without Narendra Modi (now Prime Minister) as the chief minister but state cabinet minister Bhupendrasinh Chudasama said he was confident that Gujarat will sign more agreements than it did in the previous summit.
Agreements involving investment of about Rs 12 lakh crore were signed during 2013.
"It will be more than that at the upcoming event," Chudasama told reporters on the sidelines of a road show held in the Andhra Pradesh capital on Wednesday.
The minister for education, science and technology said eight countries - the US, Japan, Australia, Canada, Singapore, South Africa, Britain and the Netherlands - will be partners for the seventh edition of Vibrant Gujarat to be held between Jan 11-13 in Gandhinagar.
Over 2,500 international delegates from more than 150 countries are expected for the event, as against 2,100 from 121 countries in 2013.
Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation managing director BB Swain said at least 100 CEOs of the Fortune 500 club were expected to participate.
The summit will also see a conclave of global CEOs and voices of noble laureates.
Among likely participants are Osamu Suzuki, chairman and CEO of Suzuki Motor Corporation; Indra Nooyi, chairman and chief executive officer, PepsiCo; Mark Zuckerberg, CEO, Facebook; Satya Nadella, CEO, Microsoft; Larry Page, CEO, Google and AMarry Barra, CEO, General Motors.

CBI director Ranjit Sinha interfered in 2G scam case: SPP tells Supreme CourtCurrent account deficit rises to 2.1 pct in Q2 as gold imports soar
Twelve days before his retirement, CBI Director Ranjit Sinha today suffered a major blow when the Supreme Court removed him from the 2G scam case, saying the allegations against him of protecting some accused appears to be “prima facie credible”.
The apex court, in an unprecedented order, handed over the case to the senior-most officer after Sinha in the 2G scam investigating team.
A bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu, however, refused to pass an elaborate order on the issue saying that it would “tarnish” the “image and reputation” of the premier agency.
The fate of the top cop, who is due to retire on December 2, in the case became abundantly clear when the bench, also comprising justices M B Lokur and A K Sikri, before rising for the lunch break, asked senior advocate Vikas Singh, appearing for Sinha, about various options.
The court said it did not want to pass an elaborate order, because it would be against the interest and image of the agency.
“Prima facie the allegations made in the application(by NGO Centre for Public Interest Litigation) are credible and required to be accepted,” the bench observed.
However, his counsel insisted that the allegations levelled against Sinha of scuttling the 2G probe were “untrue”.
The CBI chief’s role was criticised by the apex court- appointed Special Public Prosecutor Anand Grover and counsel appearing for CBI, K K Venugopal, also raised questions on Sinha naming a senior IPS officer as mole in the team.
The apex court also recalled its earlier order by which it directed the NGO to disclose the name of whistleblower who had provided documents and visitors diary of Sinha’s residence.
 
TAGS: 2G Scam Prashant Bhushan Ranjit Sinha Supreme Court
More from economy

Ladies! High heels bring men to theirkneesIf you need help from men on the road, wear high heels.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | London | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:50 pm | Updated: November 22, 2014 6:08 pm
If you need help from men on the road, wear high heels. This is the message from a new study, revealing that how the height of a woman’s shoe heel influences how men behave towards her.
The findings showed that men’s helpfulness increased along with the height of the heels a woman was wearing.
However, heel height had no influence on other women’s willingness to help, found lead researcher Nicolas Gueguen from Université de Bretagne-Sud in France.
To reach this conclusion, Gueguen set out to conduct field experiments to test the influence of different shoe styles on men’s helping behaviour.
He watched what happened when a woman in flat shoes asked people to complete a survey, and whether or not they complied more readily when she was wearing high heels.
He also tested whether or not people’s spontaneous urge to help changed when the same woman – again wearing shoes with different heel sizes – dropped a glove.
In the final experiment, Guéguen found that men in a bar were quicker to start chatting with a woman wearing heels than when she was wearing flat shoes.
“Women’s shoe heel size exerts a powerful effect on men’s behaviour,” Gueguen added.
He believes that more research must be done to examine whether this effect depends on a woman’s shoe heel size and on any change of gait due to wearing high heels.
“Because sexy female models often wear such shoes in the media, men have started to associate the wearers of high-heeled shoes with those having sexual intent,” the author speculated.
The study appeared in Springer’s journal Archives of Sexual Behavior.

Teacher arrested for molesting seven students over oneyearPrint
By: Express News Service | Pune | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:37 pm
The airport police arrested a 30-year-old teacher employed at an English medium school in Lohegaon on the charges of molesting seven girls of class VII and VIII several times over the past one year. The matter came to light after police came to know about the alleged molestation of girls by a teacher and approached the school and the parents of the girls. On November 12, some girls of class VIII told their class teacher that one of their male teachers had made a girl student stay back in classroom during recess and asked the others to leave. He allegedly touched her inappropriately, police said.
Assistant inspector Seema Dhakne, who recorded the initial statements in the case, said, “The girls told us this has been happening since long. But after the incident on November 12, they decided to approach the class teacher. We have been told the incidents stopped after that.” Senior inspector Sanjay Kurundkar said, “Even though the girls approached the class teacher, the incident was not reported to police. We got to know from local residents that there has been an incident of molestation in this school. We approached the school on Tuesday and then the parents based on information we had.”
Kurundkar added, “The parents were not ready to register a complaint. We assured them the identity of the school and victim will not be disclosed. Also, only officers in plainclothes come to the home of victims if necessary. Parents of one of the girls finally lodged an FIR.” As per the FIR, the teacher has been molesting some girls for the past one year. The FIR states that the girl told her parents about the teacher touching her inappropriately but they did not take it seriously. As per the complaint, incidents like the one on November 12 have happened earlier.
According to the complaint, the teacher, who teaches moral science, inappropriately touched at least six to seven girls of Class VII and VIII several times within a year. At a Christmas gathering, the teacher allegedly clicked photos in which he is seen touching one of the girls inappropriately on the back. Kurundkar said the teacher was arrested on Tuesday night and remanded to police custody till November 24. The suspect has been booked under sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act, 2012. Deputy Commissioner of  Police Manoj Patil (Zone IV) said, “We will do a thorough investigation.” When asked whether any action will be taken on the school for not reporting the matter to police, DCP Patil said, “If the probe reveals negligence, action will definitely be taken. At this stage I cannot confirm anything.”

Police shoot dead gunman at FloridauniversityPolice investigate a shooting at Strozier Library on Florida State campus on Thursday, Nov. 20, 2014, in Tallahassee. (Source: AP )
By: Associated Press | Tallahassee (florida) | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:31 pm
Officers shot and killed a suspected gunman after a shooting at Florida State University early Thursday that wounded three people and prompted an alert for students to take shelter, police said.
The shooting happened at a library on campus and officers opened fire after the suspect shot at them, Tallahassee Police spokesman Dave Northway said.
It was not immediately known if the wounded were shot by the suspected gunman.
Northway said authorities did not believe there were any other threats related to the incident. The lockdown was later lifted and the school said on its verified Twitter account that the area was secure.
Strozier Library, a multistory building at the center of the Tallahassee campus, was roped off with police tape.
John Ehab, a sophomore from Tampa, said he was on the library’s third floor when he heard multiple gunshots.
“Everyone heard them,” he said. People took cover in the book aisles to hide from the gunman in case he came onto the floor, Ehab said.
Freshman Nikolai Hernandez said he was in his dorm room across from the library when he heard five or six rapid gunshots.
“It was a consecutive bop, bop, bop, bop, bop,” Hernandez said. “It makes me definitely a little bit nervous. I was supposed to be in the library. I had a paper to do and I got a little bit lazy and decided not to do it.”
He said he has friends still locked inside the library two hours after the shooting.
A campus telephone alert urged people to take shelter in a nearby building and stay away from doors and windows. Campus and Tallahassee police declined comment.

Saradha chit fund scam: CBI resumes searchoperationsSaradha scam.
Written by Madhuparna Das | Kolkata | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:25 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 10:03 pm
After almost a month, CBI yet again resumed its search operations in the city in connection with Saradha chit fund scam. The Central investigating agency today conducted search operations in the offices of Saradha group of companies in three locations.
The CBI sources further revealed that searches are likely to be conducted in some more places as several ‘incriminating documents from three offices of the group at Satl Lake, Bishnupur and Behala were seized. and these documents might prompt the investigators to conduct search operations in some more places including the residences of Saradha chairman Sudipto Sen.
Meanwhile, CBI has already received a letter from state transport minister Madan Mitra who was issued summons to appear before the investigators a couple of days ago. Mitra who has been admitted to a private hospital in south Kolkata three days ago, replied to the notice yesterday. In his response, it was learnt that Mitra has explained his inability to appear before the investigators on Friday citing medical condition. The CBI sources however said that they are considering the letter received from the state minister . CBI is likely to form a medical board and to take opinion from the experts on the health of Mitra.
However, TMC Rajya Sabha MP, Srinjay Bose would appear before the investigators tomorrow. The investigators have this time evidence and based on those evidences, Bose and Mitra were summoned together. The sources further added that the investigators have several call records that reveal the details of conversation between Mitra and the Saradha boss and others.

Manoj Tiwarys Aurat Khilona Nahi releasingtomorrowBhojpuri filmstar and BJP MP Manoj Tiwary's movie 'Aurat Khilona Nahi' will release in three states tomorrow.
Jamshedpur | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:12 pm
Bhojpuri filmstar and BJP MP Manoj Tiwary’s movie ‘Aurat Khilona Nahi’ will release in three states tomorrow.
“My film ‘Aurat Khilona Nahi’ will be releasing simultaneously in Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar tomorrow,” Tiwary told a press conference.
Manoj Tiwary, who campaigned in some Assembly constituencies in poll-bound Jharkhand, said the film, also directed by him, could not be released in the state because of the model code of conduct.
“The movie is based on crime against women and I am playing a top cop in the film,” he said. “Yes, it is true that I am not able to spend too much time on my film profession now, but it’s all about maintaining a balance between film career and politics, which has given me an opportunity to learn more,” he said.
“Politics is really difficult than reel life profession as you have to be accountable to people particularly about
your commitments and promises,” he said.
Referring to his future films, he said, “I have some dream projects based on martyrs such as ‘Hameed’ and ‘Albert Ekka’. I’ll be playing the lead role in ‘Hameed’ based on the life of martyr Mir Abdul Hameed.”
“Jharkhand has huge potential to develop as a centre of film city of the country,” said Tiwary, who is also a member of a committee on tourism formed by the union government.

New York braces for unprecedented snowstorm for seconddayA frontend loader piles snow after dump trucks dropped loads of snow at the Central Terminal, Wednesday, in Buffalo, N.Y. (Source: AP photo)
By: Associated Press | Buffalo | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:08 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 4:07 pm
Residents of the New York state city of Buffalo started digging out Wednesday from a massive snowstorm blamed for seven deaths, even as another headed their way, threatening to break snowfall records.
Homeowners opened their front doors to find themselves sealed in by sheer walls of white. People were marooned at homes, on roads and at work. A woman gave birth in a firehouse after the snow prevented her from reaching the hospital.
IN PICTURES:  Deadly blizzards maroon people at homes, on roads in New York
Even for Buffalo, a city used to big blizzards blowing in from Lake Erie, this was an epic snowfall. The region found itself buried under up to 5.5 feet (1.68 meters) of snow Wednesday, with another storm expected to bring up to 3 more feet (1 meter) by late Thursday.
“This is an historic event. When all is said and done, this snowstorm will break all sorts of records,” Gov. Andrew Cuomo said.
Cuomo warned that a weekend warm-up could lead to significant flooding when the thick blanket of snow melts. Forecasters say rain is possible this weekend.
The storm trapped more than 100 vehicles along a 132-mile (212-kilometer) stretch of the New York State Thruway, the state’s main highway that remained closed Wednesday.
Trapped on a team bus for nearly 30 hours, the Niagara University women’s basketball team melted snow for water, posed with long faces for pictures that were posted online and tried to keep each other’s spirits up.
Bethany Hojnacki went into labor at the height of the storm and ended up giving birth in a Buffalo fire station after she and her husband couldn’t get to the hospital. Baby Lucy weighed in at 6 pounds, 2 ounces (3.3 kilograms). Mother and child were later taken to the hospital in an ambulance.
Cuomo said Wednesday afternoon that all the trapped travelers had been removed from their cars.
Asked by reporters how officials could allow people to be snowbound in cars for 24 hours, Cuomo cited a disabled trailer that prevented plows from removing fast-falling snow, and drivers’ own wrongheaded choices to drive on a closed interstate highway.
The governor said it would take four or five days to clean up from the storm, which was being blamed for at least seven deaths; at least four of those were attributed to heart attacks.
The one-week snow totals for the Buffalo area was expected to approach the average snowfall for an entire year: close to 8 feet (2.4 meters).
The snowfall was approaching the heaviest 24-hour snowfall on record in the mainland U.S.: 75.8 inches (192 centimeters), which fell at Silver Lake, Colorado, in 1921, weather historians said.
The storm struck Buffalo on a day when temperatures dropped to continued…

I am not insecure: Sonakshi Sinha on working with otheractressesPrint
Sonakshi Sinha will be seen sharing screen-space with Yami Gautam and Manasvi Mamgai in her upcoming film 'Action Jackson' but the actress says she has no qualms about doing a movie with two other female stars as she is very secure about herself.
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:08 pm
Sonakshi Sinha will be seen sharing screen-space with Yami Gautam and Manasvi Mamgai in her upcoming film ‘Action Jackson’ but the actress says she has no qualms about doing a movie with two other female stars as she is very secure about herself.
The 27-year-old actress says she is happy to finally be a part of a multi-starrer film, which also has Ajay Devgn in it. “I think I have established my name in the industry in a way that I am not insecure of the fact that the film has two other heroines. I genuinely liked the role and just because there are two more heroines, I can’t say no to a film. This is the first time I am working in a multi-starrer. It was a fun film to be involved with,” Sonakshi said.
‘Action Jackson’ is an action comedy directed by Prabhudeva. Sonakshi , who has previously collaborated with the choreographer-director in ‘Rowdy Rathore’ and ‘R… Rajkumar’, said the upcoming movie is a typical commercial film, which Prabhudeva is best known for.
“It is a typical Prabhu sir film full of entertainment and masala. When I was offered the film, Prabhu sir told me he is looking for someone who has a good comic timing. This film gave me an opportunity to play a character which is overloaded with comedy,” the ‘ Dabangg ‘ actress said.
Besides, making potboilers, Prabhudeva is also known for his quirky choreography of his songs. Sonakshi said since she has worked with Prabhu several times, she had no problem picking up the moves but her-co-star Devgn was initially struggling with the dancing.
“I love dancing and I don’t see it as a task. It is my passion too. So I pick up Prabhu sir’s steps quickly. As we know Ajay sir does not like dancing and he tried to keep away from it. But Prabhu sir is a brilliant choreographer and he knows the limitations of a person.
“He designed steps according to Ajay’s comfort. He was little hesitant before doing the steps but finally continued…

CBI chief tried to scuttle 2G probe  SCtoldPrint
Supreme Court slaps another notice on CBI chief Ranjit Sinha, seeks explanation on visitors' logbook.
Written by Aneesha Mathur | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: November 21, 2014 9:26 am
Observing that allegations made against him “seemed prima facie credible”, the Supreme Court, in an unprecedented move on Thursday, ordered CBI Director Ranjit Sinha “not to interfere” in the investigation and trial of the 2G spectrum scam cases.
READ:  No personal aspersions cast on me: CBI chief
The bench of Chief Justice H L Dattu, Justice M B Lokur and Justice A K Sikri, in a written order, said it was “not giving elaborate reasons” for its decision in order “to protect the faith in the institution and the reputation of the Director of the CBI”.
“We direct CBI Director Ranjit Sinha not to interfere in the 2G spectrum investigation and trial. The next seniormost officers of the investigation team would take over from Sinha and continue proceedings,” the bench said. The directions came hours after the bench ordered some CBI officers out of the court room, saying their presence was not needed and they should stop “acting like the mouthpiece of the Director”.
Taking note of the report filed by Special Public Prosecutor Anand Grover, the court observed that the information furnished by applicant Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL) “seemed prima facie credible”. It also recalled its earlier order in which it had directed CPIL to reveal its “whistleblower” and source of information regarding the CBI investigation into the 2G spectrum cases.
READ:  Govt must move against Sinha: Bhushan
The bench remarked that there was an “abundance of papers” which indicated that there was “something wrong”. Later, outside the court room, petitioner Prashant Bhushan called for Sinha’s resignation. “He should resign immediately. The court has asked him to recuse himself from this case after a detailed report from the Special Public Prosecutor severely indicted him and found him guilty of unfairly interfering in the trial in order to help the accused and derail the cases. The government should now suspend him and initiate a disciplinary inquiry against him,” he said.
Earlier in the day, while hearing submissions from Sinha’s advocate Vikas Singh, the court asked the Director to “consider” what could be done on the issue since “if we write down a detailed order, there will be damage to the reputation of this great institution”.
Special Public Prosecutor Anand Grover, appointed by the court to look into the allegations raised by the CPIL, told the bench that Sinha had “attempted to file an affidavit that would derail the entire prosecution in the 2G case”. He said information from the CPIL and the unnamed whistleblower indicated that Sinha met representatives of the accused during the period the investigation was on, and the allegations of interference were from “around the same dates”.
The allegations against Sinha concern attempts to interfere in the investigation and the prosecution of the 2G spectrum scam case against continued…

Do smartphone apps help you lose weightDo smartphone apps help you lose weight?
IANS     New York   Last Updated: November 18, 2014  | 19:33 IST
Smartphone apps that promise to help you lose the extra kilos may not actually be doing so as most users leave them midway, new research says.
Researchers analysed the weight loss progress of 212 primary care patients in the US for six months.
The participants were overweight with a body mass index (BMI) over 25.
Half of the patients were given the MyFitnessPal smartphone app while the rest of the participants were asked to opt for any other method to lose weight.
After six months, the team found that participants who received the app did not lose more weight than those who did not receive the app.
While most users reported high satisfaction with the app, usage also dropped drastically in the first two months, Foxnews.com reported.
"While there are several health apps available now, we actually do not know if they work," the researchers said.
The paper appeared in the journal Annals of Internal Medicine.

Carlsen sleepwalks to a draw in Game 8Updated: November 19, 2014 00:11 IST
Carlsen sleepwalks to a draw in Game 8
Rakesh Rao
Tweet
AP
On way to leading 4.5-3.5 in Game 8 with four games remaining, Carlsen chose the Queen’s Gambit Declined, the opening that led to Anand’s victory in the third game.
TOPICS
chess
Scores a psychological point by dictating the pace
For the better part of Game 8, a sleepy, almost uninterested, Magnus Carlsen churned out his well-prepared lines as though he didn’t care about the outcome. His body language indicated he was either short of rest or sleep. In fact, there were moments when it was difficult to tell whether he had fallen asleep or was thinking with his eyes closed.
But his responses were razor sharp and gave nothing away.
On the contrary, the much-older Viswanathan Anand looked keen to make things happen. Showing the energy of a youngster along with the calmness of the yogi, Anand planned his moves by taking his time.
Eventually, the game ended in a draw lasting 41 moves. Here, the time taken by the two players tells the story of their preparedness: Anand, expected to strike with white pieces, took 106 minutes to Carlsen’s 48!
Good result
If Anand was not complaining of the game ending in just over two and half hours — following Game 7 that lasted six and a half hours — Carlsen described it as a “good result.”
On way to leading 4.5-3.5 with four games remaining, Carlsen chose the Queen’s Gambit Declined, the opening that led to Anand’s victory in the third game. Where Carlsen scored a psychological point was by choosing the pace to play his moves. With it, he showed that he feared nothing at all on this day.
Consider this. For the first 24 moves, Carlsen took 18 minutes to Anand’s 77. With the position offering very little for Anand to plan an attack, the position stood simplified following a series of exchanges. By the 28th move, the players were left with a knight, a bishop and five pawns each.
When Anand was looking to play his 29th move, the difference in time available on their clocks was one hour! This indicated that Carlsen had set right the shortcomings in the chosen opening.
Significantly, Anand appreciated Carlsen’s choice of playing the rook on the 18th move that probably helped the Norwegian keep the Indian in check for the rest of the game.
Carlsen’s decision to deviate from the much-followed continuation set Anand thinking. In Anand’s words, “thereafter, it (the result) was only symbolic. I knew there is nothing I can do.”
Soon after the game, the players were told about the dope control procedures and whisked away. For Anand, it was the fifth instance of being tested during World championship matches.
Exuding optimism
Later during the press conference, talking about his play, Anand said, “I did not get a huge amount (from the white side)” and reflected his optimism by adding, “But two games still left to play (with white).”
As the game progressed, Carlsen no longer looked sleepy. He no longer gave the impression that he needed to rest in a hurry. But the position offered very little to the players.
Carlsen revealed, “I was not in the best of shapes. I managed to be fresh as the game progressed.”
Sharing his thoughts on the game, Carlsen said, “it looks a bit risky for black but once I play my rook (on Move 17) there is very little for white to do. But Black still has to be a little bit careful.”
Not surprisingly, the players were looking forward to the rest day.
Anand agreed with Carlsen and said, “as the match progresses, you enjoy the rest days more.”
Without doubt, among the five drawn encounters so far in the match, this one should rank as the most languid.
The only positive that Anand could take from the game was its duration. The early draw gives him more time to recuperate and prepare for the next game with black pieces in Game 9 on Thursday.
Anand (W)-Carlsen (B): 1. d4 Nf6, 2. c4 e6, 3. Nf3 d5, 4. Nc3 Be7, 5. Bf4 O-O, 6. e3 c5, 7. dxc5 Bxc5, 8. a3 Nc6, 9. Qc2 Re8, 10. Bg5 Be7, 11. Rd1 Qa5, 12. Bd3 h6, 13. Bh4 dxc4, 14. Bxc4 a6, 15. O-O b5, 16. Ba2 Bb7, 17. Bb1 Rad8, 18. Bxf6 Bxf6, 19. Ne4 Be7, 20. Nc5 Bxc5, 21. Qxc5 b4, 22. Rc1 bxa3, 23. bxa3 Qxc5, 24. Rxc5 Ne7, 25. Rfc1 Rc8, 26. Bd3 Red8, 27. Rxc8 Rxc8, 28. Rxc8+ Nxc8, 29. Nd2 Nb6, 30. Nb3 Nd7, 31. Na5 Bc8, 32. Kf1 Kf8, 33. Ke1 Ke7, 34. Kd2 Kd6, 35. Kc3 Ne5, 36. Be2 Kc5, 37. f4 Nc6, 38. Nxc6 Kxc6, 39. Kd4 f6, 40. e4 Kd6, 41. e5+ Draw Agreed
(position at the end of the game)

CBI summons Madan Mitra in Saradha caseAccording to sources Madan Mitra told the agency that since he was not well he would go to their office some other day.
Written by Sabyasachi Bandopadhyay | Kolkata | Posted: November 19, 2014 3:52 am | Updated: November 19, 2014 3:56 am
 
The Saradha noose is gradually tightening as the CBI on Tuesday called Minister for Transport, Sports and Youth affairs Madan Mitra for interrogation on November 21 at its office.
The investigation agency, which submitted its second chargesheet on Monday in the Saradha case, has also called another TMC MP and journalist Srinjay Bose for the second time, on the same day. Bose was examined earlier by both CBI and Enforcement Directorate.
While Mitra, who has been admitted at a nursing home for the last three days for ailments like breathlessness, did not take this reporter’s call, Bose sent a text message to The Indian Express which said: “I have been called as a witness on Friday at 11 am and it is my duty as a responsible citizen to co-operate and help them in all respects.’’
According to sources Mitra told the agency that since he was not well he would go to their office some other day.
When reached for comments, Trinamool Congress secretary general and minister for Education Partha Chatterjee said: “I will not make any comment on this.’’
As the names of both Mitra and party general secretary Mukul Roy were doing the rounds as possible targets of the CBI, Mamata had started distancing herself from both of them. While Mitra had not been attending cabinet and party meetings, Roy too was not seen in the party office at the Trinamool Bhavan and it was Partha Chatterjee who was given the sole responsibility of being the party spokesman.
However, things changed better after a meeting of party MLAs and MPs last month in which Mamata gave a clean chit to both, especially Mitra. “I don’t think Madan was a cheat. A conspiracy has been hatched against him,’’ Mamata said.
Which of course boosted the sagging morale of the transport minister and he began to appear in public once again, at government functions and elsewhere.

9 out of 10 rapists are known to victims: Delhi PolicePrint
Over 430 rapes reported were committed by a neighbor or family friend.
Written by Aneesha Mathur | New Delhi | Posted: November 19, 2014 1:31 am | Updated: November 19, 2014 1:35 am
 
Weeks after informing the Delhi High Court that over 60 per cent of all cases of sexual offences against women such as rape and molestation were committed by known persons and family members, the Delhi Police, in a fresh affidavit, has given even more worrying data.
Less than 5 per cent of a total of 1704 rapes reported in the Capital till October 15 this year were committed by total strangers, whereas close relatives such as the father, step-father, brother, cousin, uncle, brother-in-law and father-in-law were accused in over 241 rapes.
Over 430 rapes reported were committed by a neighbor or family friend.
The affidavit filed before the Delhi High Court also reveals that a staggering 35 per cent of all rape victims are aged less than 16, whereas only 26 per cent were over 25 years old. In contrast, women over 25 years of age are the largest age group in the victims of molestation, with 1451 out of a total of 3485 victims of molestation being over 25 years of age.
The data also shows a clear distinction in the education levels and socio-economic strata of the victims and the accused in various crimes.
While women belonging to the poorer sections of society constitute 64 per cent of all rape victims this year, molestation complaints seem to be mostly from middle-class women, which comprise over 80 per cent of the complainants.
Contrary to public perception, less than 8 per cent of the accused in rape cases and only 3 per cent of the accused in molestations are under 18 years of age. Data also shows the largest number of accused persons in both rape and molestation cases are between 18-25 years of age. Most of the accused in both molestation and rape cases have also received some level of education, with a large number having passed class 10.
The data was submitted before the court of Justice Badar Durrez Ahmed and Justice Siddharth Mridul after the court last month directed the police to submit a report on the analysis of the data collected by crime mapping of the Capital. In a PIL filed by social worker Nandita Dhar through advocate Gaurav Bansal, the court has asked the police and the government to conduct crime mapping and sociological analysis of the crimes against women in Delhi.
The police say the government has approved scripts for television and radio advertisement to create awareness about crimes against women. The government has also said that more women police officers are being appointed, and are being deployed as beat officers.
The police also stated that the women beat officers have been asked to stay in regular touch with the women living in their areas and form Women Safety Committees to coordinate and raise awareness.
The Nandita Dhar case will now come up for hearing before the bench of Justices Ahmed and Justice Mridul on Wednesday.

An open secret: No place for kids to squatOf the over 12 million people living in Mumbai, 70 per cent reside in slums.
Written by Tabassum Barnagarwala | Mumbai | Posted: November 19, 2014 1:54 am
 
Eighteen-months-old Akhtar Shaikh squats on a pile of garbage, face away from suburban railway tracks running parallel to Andheri’s Mograpada slum. He is defecating right opposite a public men’s toilet, which is not fit to be used by children. Akhtar’s dilemma highlights a yawning gap in sanitation facilities for children in Mumbai — the large Indian style toilets cannot be used by children.
Of the over 12 million people living in Mumbai, 70 per cent reside in slums. And, 20 per cent of this population has no access to toilets, according to a study conducted by the Observer Research Foundation (ORF). The worst hit are boys aged below eight and girls below six years. They use open spaces to defecate, forced to do so by the absence of special child-sized squatting toilets.
A child’s squatting toilet is smaller in size than the regular ones. In Mograpada, residents said there were no toilets built especially for children. Seven-year-old Saniya Khan asked, “Are there really special toilets for us?”
According to data issued by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation, the 692 toilet blocks built under the World Bank-aided Slum Sanitation Programme were each supposed to have one child-sized squatting toilet.
“In reality, most spaces meant for children’s toilets are used by staff,” said Rachel D’silva of ORF. In Govandi’s Baiganwadi slum, the only space allotted for a children’s toilet has been converted into a residential space for the attendant who cleans the toilet block.
Dhaval Desai of ORF said, “Even paid toilets and those built by Maharashtra Housing and Development Authority (MHADA) and Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) do not have the child-squatting facility. In fact, water and electricity are also not available.”
In Bandra’s Kherwadi, an open ground in the slum’s centre is used as a dumping-cum-defecation space for children and adults. In Mograpada, Nagma Shaikh (22) said while she used the public ladies’ toilet, her one-year-old son defecated in the open drain outside the toilet. “We then cover the drain with a slab,” the embarrassed Nagma said. In the next lane, Shehnaz Shaikh (35) complained, “The toilet has no water supply. We carry our own buckets from home. But the children living here don’t even use water while defecating.”
The situation is actually worse in slums where the civic authorities are not mandated to provide amenities, such as on Mumbai Port Trust land, along railway tracks and highways. Here, children have no option but to defecate in the open. Several girls said they waited until the next day to use the school’s washroom.
In Ghatkopar’s Ramabai Nagar, parents said their children sometimes waited for two or more days before defecating. “My child uses paper to defecate at home and then we dispose it. What alternative do we have?” asked Madina Khan, who lives in a slum along Western Express Highway.
According to the ORF continued…

Varsity strikes down students demand to end parking feeStudents can pay Rs 50, Rs 300 and Rs 500, as monthly, half-yearly or yearly charges respectively. No charges will be levied on bi-cycles.
By: Express News Service | Pune | Posted: November 19, 2014 4:42 am
Despite a demand from students to abolish parking charges in colleges, the Savitribai Phule Pune University has decided to continue with the practice, though it has modified the parking charges to make it uniform across colleges.
Students can pay Rs 50, Rs 300 and Rs 500, as monthly, half-yearly or yearly charges respectively. No charges will be levied on bi-cycles.
The Management Council meeting of the university, in a meeting on Tuesday, accepted the report of a panel led by Ashok Chaskar, dean, on the parking issue.
Students from Brihan Maharashtra College of Commerce (BMCC), Abasaheb Garware College, Sir Parshuram among other colleges had in August protested against parking fee. They contended that educational institutes could not ask them to shell out money for parking vehicles as they receive grants for parking stands.
Following the protest, the university set up a panel under Chaskar and asked colleges and other stakeholders to submit feedback on parking charges, security of vehicle parked, condition of parking place and monthly and biannual passes issued to students.
Speaking with Newsline on Tuesday, Chaskar defended the move of continuing with parking charges.
“It is true that colleges are entitled to grants for raising the parking stand, but all colleges do not get get such aid. Several educational institutes do not have their own space for parking facility. Colleges spend money on appointing contractors, hiring parking space and carrying out maintenance. This has to be compensated for by a minimal fee for parking,” he said.
Chaskar said parking charges so far did not have uniformity and now it has been rationalised. The university received around 80 suggestions on the parking issue, he added.
Mohammad Saif, a student from Fergusson College said university Vice-Chancellor Wasudeo Gade had himself termed parking charges on campuses as “illegal’. “During our meeting with the V-C, he was considerate to our demand for abolishing parking charges. Despite this, the university decided to go ahead with parking charges. We hope the decision will at least benefit students of colleges where parking charges are very high,” he said.
A student, Sidharth Sharma said the university had ignored students’ interest. BMCC principal Chandrakant Rawal said parking is a need of students and colleges should resolve parking difficulties.
At present, charges at colleges range from Rs 2 to Rs 10 a day. Private contractors disown responsibility of vehicles parked. Facilities are lacking at parking stands. These were issues students raised during their agitation. University authorities say these concerns would be addressed. The new parking charges fixed by the university would be applicable to all 600 affiliated colleges.

Ammonia leak in Ghaziabad meat factory sends three workers to ICUA worker from the meat factory (above) in Sahibabad industrial area, Ghaziabad, admitted to a hospital. (Source: Gajendra Yadav)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 19, 2014 1:22 am
A gas leak was reported from a factory in Ghaziabad on Tuesday afternoon, police said. Around 28 people from a meat processing factory in Sahibabad industrial area, Ghaziabad, were rushed to the hospital. Police said three of them are currently in the intensive care unit.
According to police, the incident took place around 2 pm on Tuesday. “There were 200 people working in the factory. But 28 people, who were working in the processing unit, were closest to the gas leak and most affected,” a senior police officer said.
Police said the gas that leaked has been identified as ammonia. The workers recognised the characteristically pungent smell immediately, as a result of which most were able to escape in time.
“The workers were immediately rushed to a private hospital where they were treated. Only three of them continue to be in the intensive care unit. The rest are now out of danger,” the officer said.
Police said the cause of the leakage is yet to be identified and a probe has been initiated. According to ADM (city) Raksh Pal Singh, a notice had been served to the factory owners regarding the gas leak.
“We will be looking into the matter and proceedings have begun against the factory owners,” the ADM said.

Salman-Shah Rukh s patch up at Arpita Khan s wedding gave Aamir Khan a sleepless nightPrint
Aamir Khan, who was in Delhi at that time, was being kept awake by the Khans who kept calling him.
Written by Sunitra Pacheco , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Mumbai | Posted: November 19, 2014 3:22 pm | Updated: November 19, 2014 4:49 pm
Frenemies Salman Khan and Shah Rukh Khan made headlines when they recently hugged at Salman’s sister Arpita’s sangeet. Friends and family breathed a sigh of relief as it seemed like the duo finally let bygones be bygones and sorted out their differences.
But it didn’t stop there. We hear both Salman and Shah Rukh were so excited to be catching up after so long, that they decided to rope in their third pal, Aamir Khan as well.
In Pics: Arpita Khan’s wedding album: Salman Khan’s special guests are Katrina, Aamir, Priyanka
Aamir Khan , who was in Delhi at that time, was being kept awake by the Khans who kept calling him and involving him in the get together via Facetime, so much so, that they did not let him sleep at all.
Picture of the two Khans kissing the bride-to-be Arpita were all over the social media.
Well, we hope there is some possibility of the three Khans working together in the near future.

Narendra Modi in Fiji  says it is an important partnerpicture  others
Narendra Modi in Fiji, says it is an important partner
Seeking stronger engagement with the Pacific Islands, India on Wednesday announced a 75 million of credit for Fiji for a co-generation power plant and upgrading the sugar industry and also a five million USD fund to develop its villages even as the two countries agreed to expand their defence and security cooperation. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who made these announcements after talks with his Fijian counterpart Frank Bainimarama shortly after his arrival, also announced a visa on arrival for Fijians and assistance projects that included a parliament library and doubling the scholarships and training slots in India for people from this country. (Source: PTI) (Source: PTI)
Narendra Modi arrived in Fiji at the crack of dawn on the third and final leg of his 10-day three-nation tour, for a day-long visit, the first by an Indian premier to the country in 33 years after Indira Gandhi in 1981. (Source: PTI)
The tiny remote pacific Island nation rolled out the red carpet for Narendra Modi, who was received by Frank Bainimarama, a former military ruler, at the Suva International airport.
Bainimarama was sworn in as Prime Minister on September 22 after the first parliamentary elections in the pacific nation since he seized power in a coup in 2006. (Source: PTI)
Narendra Modi was accorded a ceremonial guard of honour at the airport after which he attended the traditional ceremony of Welcome at Albert park, close to the Prime Minister’s office and Parliament. (Source: PTI)
He shook hands with people from the Indian diaspora assembled at the ground as he walked past the enclosures. “It is a new day and a new beginning in our relations with Fiji,” Modi said in remarks to the media at a joint appearance with Bainimarama at the prime Minister’s office.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi being welcomed by a Fijian woman in traditional dress at the Nausori International Airport. (Source: PTI)
The lines of credit were part of three agreements signed between the two countries in the presence of the two leaders.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses during  a meeting of Pacific Island leaders in Fiji on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Related

Newlyweds Arpita Khan Sharma  Aayush with brothers Salman and Aamir meet the pressentertainment
Arpita Khan and Aayush Sharma party with friends post wedding
Bridal couple Arpita Khan Sharma and Aayush Sharma were seen relaxing with their friends at Falaknuma Palace, a day after the royal wedding.
New bride Arpita Khan with friends. (Source: Twitter)
Bridal couple Arpita Khan Sharma and Aayush Sharma met the press at Hyderabad, after their wedding ceremony on Tuesday (November 18) along with brother Salman Khan and his good friend actor Aamir Khan.
The bride looked stunning in a white lehenga, loaded with jewellery from head to toe as she posed with husband Aayush, who was handsome in a sherwani. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Looking very much in love, the couple was beaming when they posed for pictures. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Mrs Arpita Khan Sharma can't stop smiling as she and husband Aayush interact with the press. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Tennis player Sania Mirza arrived to the wedding along with Telugu Ramcharan and his wife Upasana. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Ramcharan was sharp in a suit, while the ladies were stunning in rich festive wear. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Salman and Aamir chat as they introduce the newlyweds to fans. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Gold prices end steady amid scattered buyingGold prices end steady amit scattered buying, silver prices recover
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 19, 2014  | 16:36 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Gold prices remained steady at Rs 26,800 per ten gram in the national capital on Wednesday in thin trade amid scattered buying by jewellers and retailers even as the metal weakened in the global markets.
Traders said scattered buying by jewellers and retailers at current levels mainly kept gold prices unchanged at the bullion market .
Gold in Singapore, which sets the price trend on the domestic front, fell by 0.3 per cent to US $1,194.10 an ounce on speculation that a rally to a two-week high will erode demand as dollar strengthens.
In the national capital, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity continued to trade at previous levels of Rs 26,800 and Rs 26,600 per ten gram respectively.
Sovereign followed suit and remained steady at Rs 23,800 per piece of eight gram.
Meanwhile, silver found fresh buying support from industrial users and recovered by Rs 485 to Rs 36,300 per kg.
On the other hand, silver ready rebounded by Rs 485 to Rs 36,300 per kg but weekly-based delivery fell by Rs 380 to Rs 35,870 per kg due to lack of buying by speculators.
Silver coins held previous levels of Rs 60,000 for buying and Rs 61,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Bigg Boss 8: Housemates prepare to overthrow the dictator GautamBigg Boss assigns the contestants a Secret Rebellion Task.
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 19, 2014 4:25 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 1:58 pm
Day 59 in the ‘Bigg Boss’ house revolves around Gautam’s subjects coming to terms with the injustice that is handed out to them.
After ruling Gautam City for a day, the new dictator is completely taken over by the strict no-nonsense stance. He is definitely out to make life difficult for his praja, be it wakeing up in the wee hours of the morning to look around every corner of the Bigg Boss house in search of any kind of indiscipline, waking up the housemates at 4 in the morning to punish them or ask someone to make Elaichi Milk for him in the middle of the night.
When the housemates finally wake up in the morning, they are in no mood to tolerate their dictator. In order to provide some relief, Bigg Boss assigns the contestants a Secret Rebellion Task to give them an opportunity to overthrow the rule of their dictator.
The housemates are required to lead a rebellion and complete four tasks which will bring them success. These four mini tasks are planting a microphone in Gautam’s royal chambers, lighting two flare bombs in the chamber, defacing all of Gautam’s posters which have been put up around the house, and breaking Gautam’s statue which has been put up in the garden area. The biggest challenge though, is to carry out this task without Gautam’s knowledge!
Praneet informs the contestants about this secret task, and they all come together, leaving behind their differences to create a movement, which takes Gautam and his royal guards by storm. Soon, tears are shed and tempers flare as they charge on determinedly, to overthrow their dictator.
Will the contestants be able to complete the task and overthrow Gautam?

Police close in on godman; recover 4 bodies from ashramUpdated: November 19, 2014 21:36 IST
Police close in on godman; recover 4 bodies from ashram
Gaurav Vivek Bhatnagar
Tweet
Reuters
In this November 18, 2014 photo, supporters of self-styled godman Sant Rampal throw pieces of bricks and stones towards police during a protest outside the Satlok Ashram in Hisar, Haryana.
VIDEO
religious leader
Secure exit of about 15,000 followers from Satlok Ashram and arrest 450 people, including two of Rampal's close aides.
The Haryana Police on Wednesday closed in on self-styled godman Rampal after it secured the exit of about 15,000 of his followers from the Satlok Ashram in Barwala, Hisar. The police have also arrested 450 people, including two of his close aides and about 350 of the ashram `commandoes’, for violence against the State.
However, the violence has also taken its toll. While the bodies of four women were handed over the police by the ashram authorities, another woman and an infant died due to medical reasons.
The police which had suspended the operation last evening to allow people to come out of the Ashram, waited patiently for a large part of the day for the followers of Rampal to emerge from the Ashram. By evening about 2,000 people were still present in the ashram.
Simultaneously efforts were also being made to secure the surrender of Rampal and his core team of supporters even as the police with the help of Central Reserve Police Force prepared for a final round of assault, which many fear could be a bloody one as many of the godman’s followers are armed with guns, revolvers and pistols.
Earlier in the day, Director General of Police S.N. Vashisht had said the operation to bring the fugitive godman to book would continue till he is arrested and produced before the High Court, which had issued non bailable warrants against him.
Mr. Vashisht said it was around 10 last night that the first batch of followers of the godman began coming out of the Ashram. About 2,000 men came out in the first round and expressed their desire to go home. They were taken to railway stations and bus stands in Hisar and Jind by Haryana Police and Haryana Roadways buses. Subsequently through the night about 8,000 more people, including women, children and elderly who were being captive in the ashram for over a week, came out.
Most of the followers were from Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan and had come to Barwala for a four-day satsang which had started on November 6. The DGP said he was in touch with Delhi Police and Uttar Pradesh officials to ensure that there was no regrouping of Rampal’s followers.
The police made those coming out walk in a single file and through a group of spotters as it wanted to screen these people for the presence of some of Rampal’s followers engaged in Tuesday’s violence. So far about 270 people have been detained, 20 of them for actively participating in the violence. By late in the day the police had also arrested the spokesperson for the Satlok Ashram Raj Kapoor, Rampal’s close associate Purshottam Das and about 350 “commandoes” or private security personnel of the Ashram.
Stating that the Haryana police was committed to saving the lives of the innocent people, Mr. Vashisht said he was hopeful that the remaining 5,000 people in the ashram would also come out by this evening. Those involved in the violence have been booked for sedition, criminal conspiracy, illegal detention and rioting among other charges.
Mr. Vashisht said the operation was suspended last evening to enable the innocent women and children to come out and he was glad that the strategy worked as they did not want any casualties among this section. “The interviews of these people to the media in Hisar show that they were being kept in the ashram by Rampal’s men against their wishes.”
A large number of people coming out of the ashram said they had been locked up and detained by the “sewadars” or volunteers in the ashram. Many had also got separated from their family members during the stay in the ashram or while coming out of it.
The DGP said the culprits, who precipitated the crisis, would have to face the full force of law.
He also mentioned how six of the ashram inmates had died. “We were handed over bodies of four women by the Ashram authorities this morning and they have been sent for post-mortem.” Their post-mortem later confirmed that none of them had sustained external injuries.
These women have been identified as Savita, 31, of Delhi; Santosh, 45, of Rohtak in Haryana; Malkeet Kaur, 50, of Sangrur in Punjab; and Rajbala of Bijnore.
Mr. Vashisht asserted that there has been no firing by the police so far and the police has also not entered the Ashram premises. He said depending on the investigation, cases would be registered into these deaths.
This apart, the DGP said, at about 4 a.m. a woman inmate of the ashram, Rajni of Lalitpur in Uttar Pradesh was sent to a medical college at Agroha with a heart valve problem and later died there. Similarly, he said, a one-and-a-half year old child, Dhairya, of Rewa district of Madhya Pradesh, who had a condition of congenital jaundice, also died in the ashram.
Mr. Vashisht claimed that these two death appeared to be natural.
He said the operation at the 12-acre ashram would continue till Rampal’s arrest, who has now also been booked for sedition. He declared that no talks were possible with such a fugitive now and the only option available to Rampal was to surrender.
The DGP said the ashram inmates had not only used .315 bore guns and firearms but also acid bulbs and petrol bombs against the police. Besides, he said, the nearly 200 gas cylinders found stored in the ashram also posed a threat as firebombs were thrown at them to set them alight.
In another development, the Haryana Government said the general public of Barwala town and nearby villages tried to move towards the Ashram to express its resentment against Rampal and his activities. But the heavy deployment of force prevented a face-off. It said the Union Home Ministry has also provided two additional companies of CRPF to tackle the situation.

Advani struggles past Ho; Vidya  Chitra begin with winsUpdated: November 20, 2014 00:51 IST
Advani struggles past Ho; Vidya, Chitra begin with wins
Ashwin Achal
Tweet
THE HINDU
BREEZING THROUGH: Yan Bingtao had an easy outing against Jim Johansson in Bengaluru on Wednesday. Photo: K. Murali Kumar
TOPICS
billiards, snooker and pool
Pankaj Advani got the job done in his campaign opener at the IBSF World snooker championship here on Wednesday, but it did not come easy.
Pitted against Malaysia’s Moh Keen Ho, Advani cruised to pocket the first two frames, before a mid-match stutter dented the scoreline to a close 71-34, 85-0, 25-62, 46-58, 67-19, 69-44 victory.
Things began to go awry in the third frame, when Ho — the 2005 Asian under-21 champion — nestled the perfect snook behind the yellow. The bunched reds were gathered at the other end of the table, and it took three attempts from Advani to make contact.
The favourite slipped to a 12-28 deficit at this stage, and Ho pressed home the advantage to first pocket two blues to get into position, before rattling off a 46-break to win the frame.
A few uncharacteristic errors from the Indian meant that Ho took the next frame to level the match, and the possibility of an upset seemed real. Advani, who later admitted to losing focus after the second frame, then snapped back to life to cross the finish line.
“I made a few elementary safety errors. It was a tough opening match; I’m happy to take a win,” Advani said.
Highly-rated Chinese teenager Yan Bingtao faced fewer hurdles in his group opener, getting past Sweden’s Jim Johansson 95-26, 22-85, 70-7, 71-10, 89-1.
The match witnessed precision pots and jarring mistakes in equal measure, but it was Bingtao — the second-ranked under-21 player in his country — who made a mark.
On a few occasions, Bingtao delighted with his pinpoint manoeuvre of the cue ball right across the table. A favourable result on the next shot was a foregone conclusion even before he took his stance.
In the women’s section, Indian challengers Vidya Pillai and Chitra Magimairaj posted wins. Vidya was not at her best, but it was enough to defeat Russia’s Anastasija Singurindi 49-40, 54-41, 71-33. Chitra, on the other hand, had less trouble going past Philippines’ Floriza Andal 60-29, 65-24, 72-17.
Compatriots Judy Walia and R. Umadevi Nagaraj, however, could not get over the hill. Given that each player will play another five group matches, early setbacks hardly signifies the end of the road.
The results (Detailed frame score only for Indians): Men: Amir Sarkhosh (Ira) bt Nick Jennings (Eng) 4-3; Alan Whitfield (Can) bt Tetsuya Kuwata (Jpn) 4-2.
Robert Murphy (Ire) bt Cader Mohammed (Mau) 4-0; Thor Chaun Leong (Mas) bt Mohsen Bukshaisha (Qat) 4-2; Antonis Poullus (Cyp) bt Mohamed Khairy (Egy) 4-2; Jurian Heusdens (Bel) bt Gary Thomson (Sco) 4-3; Kritsanut Lertsattayathorn (Tha) bt Hamza Akbar (Pak) 4-3; Hatem Yaseen (Egy) bt Vinicius da Silva Fucuta (Bra) 4-0.
Rahul Ajay Sachdev (Ind) w/o Mohammad Rais Senzahi (Afg); Yan Bingtao (Chn) bt Jim Johansson (Swe) 4-1; Karam Fatima (Syr) bt Wael Talaat (Egy) 4-1; Kamal Chawla (Ind) bt Shahbaaz Adil (Ind) 46-75, 71-14, 76-26, 82-52, 56-73, 67-71, 87-43; Michael Collumb (Sco) bt Ivan Kakovsky (Rus) 4-1; Lam Sanderson (Eng) bt Gareth Allen (Wal) 4-2; Ali Alobaidli (Qat) bt Farhad Sayfoo (Mau) 4-1; Fabio Anderson Luerson (Bra) bt Divya Sharma (Ind) 25-64, 55-38, 39-60, 69-5, 50-26, 69-4; Pankaj Advani (Ind) bt Moh Keen Ho (Mal) 71-34, 85-0, 25-62, 46-58, 67-19, 69-44.
Women: Waratthanun Surkrithanes (Tha) bt R. Umadevi Nagaraj (Ind) 67-6, 70-23, 64-5; Neena Praveen (Ind) bt Ip Wan In Jaique (HK) 57-41, 56-26, 49-36; Wendy Jans (Bel) bt Claudia Zardo Cordeiro (Bra) 3-0; Siraphat Chitchomnart (Tha) bt Arantxa Sanchis (Ind) 66-12, 55-62, 79-44, 39-70, 67-29.
Anastasia Nechaeva (Rus) bt Akram Mohammadi Amini (Irn) 3-0; Ammee Kamani (Ind) bt Kerry De Pardines (Aus) 70-14, 71-20, 46-61, 66-16; Ng On Yee (HK) bt Sue Martin (Aus) 3-0.
Neeta Sanghvi (Ind) bt Nicola Illse Rossouw (RSA) 8-52, 57-51, 44-36, 51-41; Vidya Pillai (Ind) bt Anastasija Singurindi (Rus) 49-40, 54-41, 71-33; Meenal Thakur (Ind) bt Carmelita Yumito (Bra) 60-17, 83-39, 64-28; Ka Kai Wan (HK) bt Bussanich Suzanne (Aus) 3-1; Chitra Magimairaj (Ind) bt Floriza Andal (Phi) 60-29, 65-24, 72-17; Siripaporn Nuanthakhamjan (Thai) bt Judy Walia (Ind) 61-34, 74-3, 53-20; Jessica Woods (Aus) bt Madeleine Jeanne Young (RSA) 3-0.

Divided Jerusalem: Attacks put holy city on edgeStreets are subdued, marketplaces are quiet and people are on edge in Jewish areas of Jerusalem.
By: Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:21 am
Streets are subdued, marketplaces are quiet and people are on edge in Jewish areas of Jerusalem, where Arabs have been using meat cleavers, guns, screwdrivers and even their cars in deadly, small-scale attacks.
The holy city – which Israel says must forever stay united – has rarely seemed more divided.
In their 47th year of occupation, Palestinians are seething with anger over neglect and discrimination, continued Jewish settlement in their areas, and a belief, despite official denials, that Israel is scheming to take over their most revered site.
This anger, coupled with Jewish fears of further violence, has left the city’s 800,000 residents apprehensive, seemingly united in the belief that things will get worse before they get better.
“I’m really not safe, and before leaving the house I think twice,” said Sara Levi, a 22-year-old stay at home mother. “We are not calm, and we hope there is going to be an end to this, and that it is not just a beginning.”
Levi spoke as she waited at a stop for Jerusalem’s light rail train – a frequent target of Palestinian violence. The trains, meant to serve as a symbol of a united city, are frequently pelted with stones when passing through Palestinian areas. There have been two deadly attacks in recent weeks by ramming cars into crowded stations.
In a separate attack, a Palestinian gunman on a motorcycle shot and seriously wounded a prominent Jewish activist who has pushed for greater Jewish access to the city’s most sensitive holy site – the hilltop compound known to Jews as the Temple Mount and to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary.
The violence reached a new turning point Tuesday when two Palestinian attackers burst into a crowded synagogue during morning prayers, killing four worshippers and a policeman with the meat cleavers and gunfire. It was the deadliest attack in the city since 2008, and gruesome pictures of blood-covered holy books and prayer shawls shocked a country long accustomed to political violence.
Those deaths brought to 11 the number of people killed by Palestinian attacks – most of them in Jerusalem – but also in Tel Aviv and the West Bank in recent weeks. At least five Palestinians involved in the attacks were killed.
In Jewish parts of Jerusalem, traffic was lighter than usual Wednesday. Fewer people were riding the train, and the crowds that normally pack the city’s Mahane Yehuda open-air marketplace were thin.
“Business is weak today. It was worse yesterday,” vegetable salesman Itzik Shimon said as he stood at his empty stall. “People are afraid. Can you blame them?”
In parliament, a group of mothers implored lawmakers to hire more security guards for day care centers. The city says it has increased protection, but many kindergartens remain without guards.
“There was a feeling that with yesterday’s attack … terrorists continued…

BSE Sensex rises in early trade on global cuesMarket update: BSE Sensex recovers 35 points, Nifty reclaims 8,400-level
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 17:02 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex on Thursday snapped three-day falls to close 35 points higher at 28,067.56 powered by a late spurt in bluechips, led by Infosys, TCS, Cipla and SBI, amid the rupee breaching 62-mark against US dollar.
After surging to 28,118.53 points at the outset on emergence of buying, the 30-share barometer fell back to an intra-day low of 27,915.23 on some profit-taking.
A late round of buying helped the BSE index reclaim the 28,000-mark and it settled 34.71 points (or 0.12 per cent) higher at 28,067.56. The gauge had lost 145 points in previous two sessions.
Similarly the National Stock Exchange (NSE) index Nifty reclaimed the 8,400-mark by rising 19.60 points (or 0.23 per cent) to end at 8,401.90. The 50-issue NSE index shuttled between 8,353.15 and 8,410.85 intra-day. It had shed 48.45 points in the previous two sessions.
Gains in the key stock market indices were powered by Cipla that climbed 3.23 per cent after the drugmaker announced a pact with Serum Institute of India for distribution of paediatric vaccines in Europe.
Shares of Infosys and TCS gained 1 per cent each after the rupee weakened to a nine-month low of Rs 62.25 (intra-day) against the dollar at Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market. IT firms revenues are denominated in US dollar and a weak rupee boosts margins.
Among the 30 Sensex scrips, 16 stocks ended with gains while 14 finished in the negative zone. Other bluechip gainers included SBI, Wipro, Tata Power, ICICI Bank, HDFC, Hindalco, ITC, ONGC, RIL, HUL and CIL.
Sensex laggards included Sesa Sterlite, NTPC, BHEL, M&M, Bharti Airtel, HDFC Bank, Tata Steel, GAIL and L&T.
Similar to last 3-4 trading sessions, markets opened almost flat over Wednesday's closing levels and remained sideways in a very narrow range throughout the trading session, said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio Ltd.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 71.80 crore on Wednesday, according to data provided by stock exchanges.
Sectorally, the BSE IT Index gained the most by surging 1.27 per cent, followed by Healthcare (0.98 per cent), FMCG index (0.39 per cent) and Banking index (0.37 per cent).
On the other hand, the BSE Consumer Durables barometer fell 1.72 per cent, followed by BSE Realty and Metal index, which lost 1.52 per cent and 0.84 per cent respectively.

Playing Farmville on Facebook cements familial bondsDo not fret if your child is playing Farmville on Facebook with his/her siblings or cousins.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Toronto | Posted: November 20, 2014 10:13 am
 
Do not fret if your child is playing Farmville on Facebook with his/her siblings or cousins. This will only cement the bond between them in the long run.
New research shows that beyond being a fun distraction, social network games (SNGs) can offer family members a meaningful way to interact and meet social obligations.
“These interactions prove social networks are tools that break down both communication and age barriers,” said researcher Kelly Boudreau, research fellow at the Concordia University’s Technoculture, Art and Games Centre in Quebec.
For the study, Boudreau and senior author Mia Consalvo, Canada research chair in game studies and design at the Concordia University conducted a poll among a group of social network gamers.
Using a questionnaire and follow-up interviews, the researchers explored what it means to interact with family members via SNGs.
They found that these online games offer families a common topic of conversation and enhance the quality of time spent together, despite the fact that most SNGs do not necessarily involve any direct communication.
The games can also bring together family members who may be only distantly connected, with respondents citing experiences such as connecting with long-lost cousins or bolstering relationships with ageing aunts.
“Maintaining connections is especially important as families find themselves dispersed across countries and continents. SNGs give families a convenient and cheap way to transcend geographical boundaries,” added Consalvo.
Families that play together play the longest and have the greatest sense of duty to one another as players.
With online games like Candy Crush Saga increasingly replacing traditional board games, SNGs are quickly becoming an important way to interact socially.
“It’s not just siblings in their early 20s using SNGs to connect. Grandfathers are playing online games with granddaughters, mothers with sons. These multi-generational interactions prove social networks are tools that break down both communication and age barriers,” Boudreau said.
The paper was reported in the journal Information, Communication and Society.

Coal Scam: Court orders further probe against firm  othersCoal scam: Court orders further probe against Nagpur based businessman, others
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 14:18 IST
Photo: Reuters
A special court on Thursday ordered further investigation in a coal scam case involving a private firm and three persons in which the CBI had filed a closure report while the special public prosecutor (SPP) had differed with the agency and favoured their prosecution.
Special CBI judge Bharat Parashar directed the investigating officer to further probe the matter and file a progress report in the court on December 19.
"Vide separate detailed order matter has been sent for further investigation. Put up for filing of progress report regarding further probe on December 19," the court said.
It added that after filing of the progress report, it would consider on the point of taking cognisance of the alleged offences against the accused.
CBI has filed a closure report in the matter in which it had lodged an FIR against Nagpur-based businessman Manoj Jayaswal, JAS Infrastructure and Power, Abhishek Jayaswal and Anand Jayaswal for alleged irregularities by the firm in acquiring coal blocks.
On October 27, SPP R S Cheema had differed with CBI's conclusion seeking closure of the case saying the court should proceed against the accused.
He had said there was evidence against the accused and if the court feels, it can take cognisance on CBI's closure report in which the agency has said that "no prosecutable evidence" was found against the company and others, arrayed as accused in its FIR.
The SPP, however, had clarified that no tangible evidence could be found against officials of the Coal Ministry .
On October 14, CBI had filed a revised closure report in the court.
This had come after the court had earlier observed that the probe was "incomplete" and nothing was clear in CBI's closure report and it was irked over the agency adopting different yardsticks in different cases and not following a uniform policy in its investigation.

PM Modi crosses 25 million followers on FacebookPM Modi crosses 8 million followers on Twitter, 25 million on Facebook
ANI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 13:59 IST
Photo: Reuters
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has crossed the 8-million followers milestone on the micro-blogging network, Twitter and 25 million mark on social- networking site, Facebook.
As per reports Prime Minister Narendra Modi remains the third-most followed world leader on the Twitter after US President Barack Obama and the Pope Francis.
He is the second-most followed politician in the world after Barack Obama on Facebook .

SC directs CBI Director to stay away from 2G scam caseSupreme Court removes CBI chief Ranjit Sinha from 2G scam probe
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 17:20 IST
CBI Director Ranjit Sinha at India Today Conclave (File Photo)
CBI Director Ranjit Sinha suffered a major blow on Thursday, just twelve days before his retirement, when the Supreme Court removed him from the 2G scam case, saying the allegations against him of protecting some accused appeared to be prima facie credible.
The SC, in an unprecedented order, handed over the case to the senior-most officer after Sinha in the 2G scam investigating team.
A bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu and comprising of comprising justices MB Lokur and AK Sikri, however, refused to pass an elaborate order on the issue saying that it would tarnish the image and reputation of the investigation agency.
The fate of the CBI chief, who is due to retire on December 2, in the case became abundantly clear when the apex court bench, before rising for the lunch break, asked Sinha's lawyer, senior advocate Vikas Singh, about various options.
The apex court said it did not want to pass an elaborate order, because it would be against the interest and image of the agency. Prima facie the allegations made in the application (by NGO Centre for Public Interest Litigation) are credible and required to be accepted, the bench observed.
However, Sinha's counsel insisted that the allegations levelled against him of scuttling the 2G probe were untrue.
The CBI chief's role was criticised by the apex court-appointed Special Public Prosecutor Anand Grover and counsel appearing for CBI, KK Venugopal, also raised questions on Sinha naming a senior IPS officer as mole in the team.
The SC also recalled its earlier order by which it directed the NGO to disclose the name of whistleblower who had provided documents and visitors diary of Sinha's residence.

Indian Grand Prix set for 2016returnThe Indian Grand Prix was dropped from the 2014 calendar after three successful seasons. (Express file)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:50 pm
The Indian Grand Prix is expected to return in 2016 as a “fruitful” meeting between Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone and race promoters has prepared the ground for the comeback of the high-profile event.
The meeting was held on the sidelines of the inaugural Russian Grand Prix in Sochi, last month.
The Indian Grand Prix was dropped from the 2014 calendar after three successful seasons, owing to tax and bureaucratic hurdles, leaving fans and experts to wonder whether the elite global event will comeback at all. The race has already been ruled out for 2015.
The issues surrounding the Grand Prix remain but Ecclestone-led Formula One Management (FOM) and race promoters Jaypee Sports International (JPSI), headed by Sameer Gaur, first want to honour the five-year contract and then work on securing the long-term future of the event.
“We (Sameer and I) had a good meeting in Russia. I was assured that the tax and other related problems will be sorted out in due course and then we are good to go back. It is too late for 2015 now, so we are working on 2016,” Ecclestone told PTI from his London office.
Gaur, on his part, said, “Formula 1 remains very important for us. Unfortunately, because of the circumstances we could not do the race this year but I see the situation improving soon. The important thing is that we and FOM are on the same page. 2015 looks tough as the calendar is more or less final, so we should look at 2016 as the year for the race.”
Only time will tell how Ecclestone accommodates India on the ever crowded calendar. 2014 will see 20 races with the return of Mexico round and the number could up to 22 in 2016 with India and Azerbaijan waiting to host the F1 caravan.

Virat Kohlis twitter accounthackedVirat launches his new breakaway youth fashion brand WROGN. (Source: wrogn.in)
By: Express News Service | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:47 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 8:23 pm
So all those weird tweets from Virat Kohli were all a build up to the launch of his breakaway youth brand Wrogn .
The flamboyant Indian batsman confirmed via his tweet :
So guys “WROGN” is…. my breakaway youth fashion brand. Follow my brand @STAYWROGN Hope you enjoyed my tweets today :)
— Virat Kohli (@imVkohli) November 20, 2014
I’m gonna share what I’ve done “wrogn” soon.
— Virat Kohli (@imVkohli) November 20, 2014
What have I done?
— Virat Kohli (@imVkohli) November 20, 2014
I think I may have done something wrogn today
— Virat Kohli (@imVkohli) November 20, 2014
To be honest it did feel right
— Virat Kohli (@imVkohli) November 20, 2014
If it feels right can it be wrogn?
— Virat Kohli (@imVkohli) November 20, 2014
To hell with it, I’m sticking with wrogn

Appuchi Graamam director moves from sci-fi toactionDirector Vi Anand, who made an impressive Tamil debut with sci-fi film "Appuchi Graamam", has now started working on his next film which is Telugu actioner titled "Tiger".
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:46 pm
Director Vi Anand, who made an impressive Tamil debut with sci-fi film “Appuchi Graamam”, has now started working on his next film which is Telugu actioner titled “Tiger”.
The action story is said to be set against the backdrop of the Ganges.
“We are currently shooting in Varanasi. We will shoot here for one week and then head to other locations. The film, which will be high on action, will also be shot across Rajahmundry, Allahabad, Vishakhapatnam and Hyderabad,” the film’s producer NV Prasad told IANS.
Sundeep Kishan and Rahul Ravindran play the lead in the film, while Seerat Kapoor has been paired opposite the latter.
Anand, who is a former associate of filmmaker of A.R Murugadoss, is also working to produce a commercial entertainer a la his mentor.

Hong Kong Super Series: PV Sindhu crashes out in secondroundPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Hong Kong | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:46 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 7:37 pm
Top Indian shuttlers Saina Nehwal and K Srikanth posted contrasting victories to enter the quarterfinals of the women’s and men’s singles competition respectively in the USD 350,000 Hong Kong Super Series in Kowloon in Hong Kong on Thursday.
However, it was curtains for P V Sindhu, who suffered a three-game loss to lesser-ranked Nozomi Okuhara of Japan in the second round of the women’s singles to bow out of the tournament.
Srikanth, who had defeated two-time Olympic champion Lin Dan in China Open Super Series Premier men’s singles final on Sunday, faced stiff resistance before prevailing over his Thai opponent Tanongsak Saensomboonsuk 21-19 23-21 in a second round contest that last 39 minutes.
Having opened up a 10-2 lead and then taken an upper hand at 11-3 at in the interval, Srikanth seemed to be running away with the opening game. But the Thai shuttler fought back from 5-14 down, as he reeled off six straight points to reduce the gap to 14-11 and then caught up the Indian at 15-15.
Srikanth, however, broke away from there and sealed the game at 21-19.
The second game was a closely fought affair and the only time the Indian had an edge was when he earned four points on a trot to open up a 18-13 lead, but the Thailand player once against caught up with Srikanth.
It was a neck and neck battle for some time again, before Srikanth, who today achieved his career best world ranking of 10th, held on to his nerves to take game 23-21 and wrap up the match.
On the other hand, Saina had an easy outing as she took just 31 minutes to outplay United States’ Beiwen Zhang 21-16 21-13. The Indian now play sixth seed Tai Tzu Ying of Chinese Taipei in the quarterfinals.
World number four Saina put up a dominant show throughout the match. Breaking away from a 5-5 tie in the opening game, she never looked back.
The second game also turned out to be a cake walk for the third seeded Saina and she won the tie rather comfortably in the end.
Earlier, Sindhu, a two-time bronze medallist at the World Championship, went down 17-21 21-13 11-21 to Okuhara in a women’s singles match that lasted more than an hour.
The only time world number 10 Sindhu faced Okuhara was in Badminton Asia Youth Under-19 Championships in 2012 and the Indian had beaten the Japanese then in a close three-game match but she couldn’t do it this time.
Sindhu was no match for her rival in the opening game as Okuhara led throughout after reeling off eight straight points at 4-3. Sindhu narrowed the gap to 17-19 but the Japanese soon pocketed the game without much ado.
In the second game, Sindhu changed her tactics and zoomed to a 6-2 lead in a jiffy and then jumped to 12-5 with the help of six straight points. The Indian maintained the distance to roar back into contest.
The decider begun on a competitive note as both the shuttlers fought hard for each point and moved neck and neck with Sindhu managing a one-point lead at the interval. But she crumbled after the breather as Okuhara registered 11 points on a trot to bang the door on the Indian.

Punjab Agricultural University students join hands to help poor children suffering fromthalassemiaDuring the blood donation camp at PAU on Wednesday (Source: Express photo by Gurmeet Singh)
Written by Divya Goyal | Ludhiana | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:44 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 3:48 pm
The parents of 5-year-old Khushi, deaf and dumb by birth, were not in a position to afford treatment for their daughter when it was revealed that she was also a patient of thalassemia — a blood disorder leading to abnormal functioning of hemoglobin. The patients need to go for blood transfusion every 25-30 days as the body cannot produce enough blood cells, taking the cost of treatment to a higher level.
However, a group of students from Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) has come forward to help poor children suffering from the disorder, and their organisation Social Welfare Association (SWA) is now funding the treatment of nine thalassemic children from poor background. On Wednesday, the fifth blood donation camp to donate blood for thalassemic patients and a thalassemia screening camp was held on the campus.
The four poor children adopted by the students were not undergoing any treatment in March this year, but now they all are being treated at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital. Five more children have been adopted recently taking the count to nine. Rohit, 12, whose father had passed away was in serious condition. He needed immediate surgery for survival as his stomach developed a problem due to thalassemia. The surgery was performed after the students offered to help.
Gurshaminder Singh, a final-year student of BSc agriculture and president of SWA, said, “Rohit needed immediate surgery as doctors said that his stomach will burst even if he falls down while playing. We contributed Rs 50,000 and now he is fine.” Other kids getting treatment include 10-year-old Siti, daughter of a gardener; Shiv Kumar, 12, whose mother is a maid and father is no more; Bhavneet, a small shopkeeper’s daughter; Shikha, daughter of a labourer; Priyansh, 5; and Deepak from the slums of Haibowal.
Singh said, “The cost of treatment for each child is around Rs 10,000 annually and it is arranged through contributions from students.” SWA has appealed to youth to get their thalassemia screening done before marriage. “If both parents have thalessemia minor, then baby, in 95% of cases, will have thalassemia major. We request all youth to get tests done before marriage,” he said. At the camp on Wednesday, all donors were tested for thalassemia.

Watch: Saif Ali Khan in quest of a Happy Ending makes fun ofhimselfThe alter ego is called 'Yogi' and features in his movie 'Happy Ending' that releases tomorrow.
By: Entertainment Feature Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:43 pm
Saif Ali Khan is back and how! Known for his self deprecating humour, Saif hits it out at himself for all the wrongs he might have done in his past and more importantly, the recent past in this video.
Being interviewed by his alter-ego, he gets speechless at all the awkwards questions and comments. From stating that he started acting only in 2001 when he did ‘Dil Chahta Hai’ or making a sly remark about Rakhi Sawant, Saif is all up and about and fully equiped with his armoury. Inundated with quite a few slang words, this video is worth a watch.

Arpita Khan drops kalira on bhai Salman Khan; is he getting marriedsoonPrint
Is the socially involved 'Being Human' humanitarian challenging the 'pratha' - "Is there anyone who can get me married?"
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:39 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 9:37 am
Salman Khan is undoubtedly one of the most eligible bachelors in the Indian Film Industry. Girls swoon and drool over at just a single sight of his. And what still remains a mystery to every single creature on this planet is why he hasn’t taken the nuptial vows yet. Well, to some respite he has been very close to getting married and that too a couple of times.
So, failing at several attempts of getting settled, the actor gave up. He was many times quoted saying he won’t marry now.
But what comes as a surprise is this cute picture, wherein Salman Khan lies down at his sister’s feet asking her to throw the ‘kalirey’ on him. For the uninitiated, ‘kalirey’ is a hand worn ornament used in Punjabi marriages. The ritual says the person on who the ‘kalira’ falls would be the next to get married. It’s considered a blessing from the bride-to-be to an unmarried person to get married soon.
Keeping this into account, Salman Khan asked his baby sister Arpita to try the ‘kalirey’ on him. It could either be the actor’s sarcastic humour that he is famous for or the socially involved ‘Being Human’ humanitarian was challenging the ‘pratha’ – “Is there anyone who can get me married?”
All said and done, we like what Salman Khan, especially in his high spirits, does these days. For example, the awkward ‘Katrina Kapoor’ thing. Because hey! Only ‘bhai’ can do it.
And this was not all Salman Khan’s ex girlfriend Katrina Kaif, who is dating Ranbir Kapoor, also got a kaleera from the bride.
Let’s see who’s next then – Salman Khan or Katrina Kaif?

Tension escalates between Vishal Krishna and SarathKumarPrint
Actor Vishal has hit out at South Indian Film Artistes' Association president R Sarath Kumar for threatening to remove him from SIFAA for allegedly making derogatory remarks. Vishal has denied making any such remarks against the association and asked Sarath to produce proof.
By: Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:37 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 4:09 pm
Actor Vishal has hit out at South Indian Film Artistes’ Association president R Sarath Kumar for threatening to remove him from SIFAA for allegedly making derogatory remarks. Vishal has denied making any such remarks against the association and asked Sarath to produce proof.
Sarath Kumar had stated in Tiruchirappali yesterday that Vishal would be expelled from SIFAA if he continued to make “libellous remarks” against the association.
The row relates to developing a SIFAA premise here into a commercial complex and the bid to lease it out for 29 years and 11 months to a corporate company.
Vishal reportedly had made some comments against SIFAA in connection with developing its property.
Reacting to remarks of Sarath Kumar, also an actor, Vishal said he was shocked. “I would kindly request Sarath Kumar to furnish the exact proof regarding my speech against the association.”
Stating that he respected “each and every member of SIFAA,” he said he was ready to accept their decision and if they insist.
Vishal debuted with ‘Chellamae’ in 2004 and his latest ‘Poojai’ released this Diwali.

9 things you didnt read today (but should have)By Jaime Fuller September 16 Follow @j_fuller
Yes campaigners stand near No supporters at Dumbarton Town Hall as former Prime Minister Gordon Brown leaves after attending a rally on September 16, 2014 in Glasgow, Scotland. Yes and No supporters are campaigning in the last two days of the referendum to decide if Scotland will become an indpendent country. (Photo by Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images)
1. Today marks the anniversary of the shooting at Navy Yard in Washington, D.C.. Aaron C. Davis talks to those in the Navy who miss one of the shipbuilders who died that day.
2. Marin Cogan writes about the friendship between Grover Norquist and Ralph Nader for National Journal.
"And I had a French Legionnaire's hat with the back cover that comes up under," Norquist continues. "That's what I wore the whole time, with a couple of different T-shirts. But I brought with me a Soviet officer's uniform, something I got in Afghanistan years ago, which, when it gets cold at night, if you've got to wear something for the cold, that's a great thing to wear. ... And I had Moroccan flowing robes that I got in Morocco, and I thought, 'Well, if everybody's looking like Gandalf or something, I'm prepared.' But they don't."
When asked if he's ever been to Burning Man, or would ever like to go, the 80-year-old Nader smiles and shakes his head.
3. The New York Times looks at the Kentucky voters who love their new health insurance, but have no plans to vote on it this November.
“I’m tickled to death with it,” Ms. Evans, 49, said of her new coverage as she walked around the Kentucky State Fair recently with her daughter, who also qualified for Medicaid under the law. “It’s helped me out a bunch.”
But Ms. Evans scowled at the mention of President Obama — “Nobody don’t care for nobody no more, and I think he’s got a lot to do with that,” she explained — and said she would vote this fall for Senator Mitch McConnell, the Kentucky Republican and minority leader, who is fond of saying the health care law should be “pulled out root and branch.”
4. Alex Isenstadt at Politico tries to explain why all of the "bad boys of Congress" aren't destined to lose at the polls this year...
5. ... while Larry Sabato tries to uncover who the surprise winners of the 2014 midterms might be.
6. Patricia Murphy at the Daily Beast lists the  female Democratic candidates raising gobs of money.
“Michelle Nunn does not want to be caught within camera range with the president right now,” said Charles Bullock, a longtime professor of political science at the University of Georgia. “The president could raise funds in the state, but for Democrats there would be a question whether it would be a net gain to do so. It would simply underscore the Republican message that that ‘Michelle Nunn will be Barack Obama’s senator, not yours.’ The first lady does not present that problem to the same degree.”  
7. Before Thursday's referendum on Scotland's independence, Britons and Scots have been thinking about the relationship between the two places , and how it will change and stay the same regardless of how the country votes.
8. The Washington Post's Paul Kane goes through how much has changed in Congress -- forget Congress, the world -- since the last war authorization vote in 2002.
9. The Defense Department isn't only providing weapons to local police forces -- they're doing the same for schools .
Jaime Fuller reports on national politics for "The Fix" and Post Politics. She worked previously as an associate editor at the American Prospect, a political magazine based in Washington, D.C.

Water Unleashes Rebellion in Relentlessly Rainy Ireland
5 Huge Risks With Huge Payoffs You Should Definitely Take Before You Die5 Huge Risks With Huge Payoffs You Should Definitely Take Before You Die
 | By                                                                Jeff Haden
What is the one thing we all have more than enough of?
Regret.
Someday we'll all look back and think, "What if? What if I had only done that.. or said that.. or tried that?"
Like Mark Twain said, "Twenty years from now, you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did do."
You can always recover, learn and build from mistakes, but when you do nothing, that automatically means there is nothing to improve or salvage or discover.
And all you're left with is, "What if?"
Here are five smart risks you should take before you die. I promise you'll be glad -- if not now then definitely someday -- that you did.
1. Hire or promote someone you probably shouldn't hire or promote.
I took an informal poll of a number of entrepreneur friends. Each said at least one of their most remarkable employees ( here's how to tell if an employee is remarkable ) was a person they took a chance on -- someone who didn't have the "right" qualifications, didn't have the "right" background, was too young or too inexperienced or too new to the industry.
So why did they take a risk on hiring or promoting that person? They had a hunch. They spotted an intangible quality. They loved the person's attitude or enthusiasm or intelligence or work ethic.
As one CEO told me, "When you hire someone that ticks all the boxes, you get those things. But you rarely get more. Sometimes the risky choice turns out to be the best choice because that person brings qualities you didn't even know you needed."
Give an "unusual" candidate a chance. You might get a lot more than you ever hoped, but you'll never know if you don't take that risk.
2. Apologize for a huge mistake you made.
We've all screwed up. There are things we need to apologize for: words. Actions. Omissions. Failing to step up or step in or simply be supportive. Those things happen all the time. We own up and say we're sorry.
But sometimes we've done something so bad, so egregious, so "something" that we don't say we're sorry. We're too embarrassed. Too ashamed. Too mortified. So we run away from the situation, often for years. We wish it would go away.
But it doesn't. And whenever we think about it, we feel a little worse about ourselves.
Man (or woman) up and say you're sorry. It may suck. It will suck. You may get yelled at. You may be humiliated.
But you'll also feel good that you finally stepped up. And you also may repair a friendship or relationship you thought was beyond any hope of recovery, but you'll never know if you don't take that risk.
More from Inc.
101 Reasons to be Grateful
3. Face one of your worst fears.
One of my clients is an outstanding -- and outstandingly successful -- standup comic. Audiences love him. He's crazy good.
Yet he still has panic attacks before he walks onstage. He knows he'll melt down, sweat through his shirt, feel sick to his stomach, and all the rest. It's just the way he is.
So just before he goes onstage, he takes a quick shower, puts on fresh clothes, drinks a bottle of water, jumps up and down and does a little shadowboxing, and out he goes.
He's still scared. He knows he'll always be scared. He accepts it as part of the process. Pre-show fear is like lunch: It's going to happen.
Anyone hoping to achieve great things gets nervous. Anyone trying to achieve great things gets scared.
Productive people aren't braver than others; they just find the strength to keep moving forward. They realize fear is paralyzing, while action creates confidence and self-assurance.
Pick something you'd love to do but are scared to do. Don't try to get over your fear. Accept that you will be afraid. And then go do it anyway.
I promise it won't be as bad as you imagined; in fact, you'll probably realize you were simply scared of the unknown. But you'll never know if you don't take that risk.
4. Do one thing you dream of doing that others disdain or ridicule.
Bonnie Ware worked in palliative care , spending time with patients who had only a few months to live. Their most common regret was, "I wish I'd had the courage to live a life true to myself, not the life others expected of me."
What other people think -- especially people you don't even know -- doesn't matter. What other people want you to do doesn't mater.
Maybe you'd like to start a business everyone says you'd be crazy to try. Maybe you'd like to learn to code, but everyone says an old dog can't learn new professional tricks. Whatever it is you've wanted to do but have hesitated because of what other people will think or say, take a chance and do it.
Hear the criticism, take the potshots, endure the laughter or derision or even hostility and keep measuring yourself by your efforts and your standards.
You may achieve what you want to achieve, or even more, but you'll never know if you don't take that risk.
5. Help one person simply because you can.
No matter what you feel you don't have, there are millions of people who have less than you.
One of them just needs a kind word. Or a little advice. Or a little support.
The next time someone asks you for assistance, take a chance and go a step further. Say, "I can help you with that, but what can I do that would really make a difference? What can I do that would really help you out?"
Do that and you may change another person's life, but you'll never know if you don't take that risk.
Also on HuffPost:

7 Big U.S. Corporations Paid More To Their CEOs Than To The IRS7 Big U.S. Corporations Paid More To Their CEOs Than To The IRS
Reuters  | By                                                                Kevin Drawbaugh
reddit
WASHINGTON, Nov 18 (Reuters) - Seven of the 30 largest U.S. corporations paid more money to their chief executive officers last year than they paid in U.S. federal income taxes, according to a study released on Tuesday that was disputed by at least one of the companies.
Amid talk in Washington about corporate tax reform, the study said the seven companies, which in 2013 reported more than $74 billion in combined U.S. pre-tax profits, came out ahead on their taxes, gaining $1.9 billion more than they owed.
At the same time, the CEOs at each of the seven companies last year was paid an average of $17.3 million, said the study, compiled by two Washington think tanks.
The seven companies cited were Boeing Co, Ford Motor Co, Chevron Corp, Citigroup Inc, Verizon Communications Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co and General Motors Co.
The Institute for Policy Studies and the Center for Effective Government, the study's co-authors, said its findings reflected "deep flaws in our corporate tax system."
In reply, Verizon said it paid $422 million in income taxes in 2013. "We do not provide a breakdown between federal vs. state in that total; however, I am confirming for you that the federal portion of that number is well more than Verizon's CEO's compensation," a spokesman said in an email.
Boeing said its 2013 global tax bill was $1.6 billion, though all but $5 million was deferred due to development and production investments. A spokesman said current tax expense and cash taxes were likely to rise as 787 jet deliveries ramp up.
Like the other companies, Citigroup said it abides by all tax laws. "In 2013, Citi paid more than $3 billion in payroll taxes and more than $95 million in use tax, personal property and real property taxes in the U.S.," a spokesman said.
Both automakers Ford and General Motors said their current U.S. tax bills are reduced by tax loss carry forwards stemming from severe losses suffered a few years ago.
Energy group Chevron said its 2013 current U.S. federal income tax expense of $15 million "was much lower than normal" due to several factors. Echoing other companies, Chevron stressed it pays taxes worldwide.
JPMorgan Chase declined to comment. (Additional reporting by David Henry and Alwyn Scott in New York, Marina Lopes in Washington, Ben Klayman in Detroit, and Ernest Scheyder in Williston, N.D.; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
More:

College Tuition Slowdown Hits State Higher Ed Budgets
Sensex  Nifty scale new highs in opening tradeUpdated: November 19, 2014 10:09 IST
Sensex, Nifty scale new highs in opening trade
PTI
Tweet
PTI
All the sectoral indices, led by capital goods, power and auto, were trading in the positive territory with gains up to 0.77 per cent.
TOPICS
stocks
The benchmark BSE Sensex climbed to a new record-high of 28,294.01 in opening trade on Wednesday as investors indulged in enlarging positions amid continued overseas capital inflows and positive economic data.
The 30-share index, which had shed 14.59 points on Tuesday, bounced back by 130.72 points, or 0.46 per cent, to trade at fresh record-high of 28,294.01 points.
All the sectoral indices, led by capital goods, power and auto, were trading in the positive territory with gains up to 0.77 per cent.
On similar lines, the NSE index Nifty spurted by 29.75 points, or 0.35 per cent, to scale a new peak of 8,455.65, surpassing its earlier record-high of 8,454.50, touched on Tuesday.
Brokers said trading sentiment remained upbeat on sustained buying by foreign funds and retail investors, supported by economic reforms undertaken by the government, easing inflation and falling global crude oil prices.

Rich Hoard Cash as Their Wealth Reaches Record High
Michael Robbins and Lawrence RubinThe Garner verdict offends both black and white in big numbers.
Dec 8, 2014
There is no true front-runner in a large GOP field of hopefuls, but there are many legitimate potential candidates.
Dec 7, 2014
You could populate an entire city ... literally.
Dec 5, 2014
A Democratic-led inquiry turns up little.
Dec 5, 2014
The field is going to be HUGE.
Dec 5, 2014
71% of Americans say the system is “broken.” And that’s something.
Dec 5, 2014
The current 2016 gap is on-par with 2008 and 2012.
Dec 4, 2014
It’s like Eddie Vedder sang a country song with Auto-tune.
Dec 4, 2014
Ferguson is a partisan issue. Garner doesn’t have to be.
Dec 4, 2014

Live Coverage of Snowstorm Battering Buffalo
Cup of woes for tea sector as prices plummetUpdated: November 20, 2014 02:24 IST
Cup of woes for tea sector as prices plummet
M. Soundariya Preetha
Tweet
With the current average price of south Indian tea down by nearly 16 per cent compared to the same period last year, stakeholders in the sector have appealed to the Union and the Tamil Nadu governments to take immediate measures to rectify the situation.
The United Planters’ Association of Southern India (UPASI) organised a meeting here on Wednesday of producers, small growers and workers in the tea sector in Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka to discuss the problems.
Vijayan Rajes, UPASI president, told presspersons after the meeting that the prices were down mainly because of overproduction last year in Kenya, Sri Lanka and China.
In south India too, production between January and September this year was 178.3 million kg as against 171.9 million kg for the same period last year. Tea prices started falling since April this year. The average price last year was Rs. 101.88 a kg and it is Rs. 84.96 a kg now. However, production cost ranged between Rs. 105 and Rs. 120 a kg, depending on the yield and tea garden.
Exports from the south have also declined slightly this year, he said.
The stakeholders have decided to appeal to the Centre to re-constitute and appoint a full-time chairman for the Tea Board so that the issues faced by the sector can be represented.
Subsidy amounts under several schemes for the sector should also be released immediately.

Gov. Christie may face a decision on assisted suicide in New JerseyBy Niraj Chokshi November 19 Follow @NirajC
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie. (Charlie Neibergall/AP)
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) may have to make good on his promise to veto an assisted suicide bill wending its way through his state legislature.
When asked last December where he stood on the New Jersey Death With Dignity Act, Christie said simply that he was “opposed.” But now its prospects are looking a little brighter, and Christie may have to take action.
The state Assembly passed the bill , sponsored by Democratic Assemblyman John Burzichelli, last week with the minimum 41 votes needed. And now it seems to have won some influential support in the state Senate: NJ.com’s The Auditor reports that Senate President Stephen Sweeney — a Democrat from the same district as Burzichelli “who calls the shots in the upper-house” — signed on as a co-sponsor.
“It means I’m going to push very hard for its passage … I just think it’s a very humane thing to do,” he said.
Sweeney’s support is significant, though, he admits that passing the legislation will be difficult. But it’s worth pursuing, he told the Auditor, “because there are certain issues that are about doing the right thing.”
If the measure ekes out a victory in the Senate, Christie will have to make a high-profile decision whether or not his state would join a handful of others in allowing assisted suicide. It is currently authorized in Montana, Vermont, Washington and, perhaps most famously at the moment , Oregon, according to Compassion & Choices, a group that supports assisted suicide. A legal fight will determine its fate in New Mexico. A spokesman from his office said in an e-mail that he has no further comment than what he said in December, adding that “the bill remains under review at present.”
The issue has been recently debated in Connecticut, Massachusetts, Maine and New Hampshire, according to the bipartisan National Conference of State Legislatures and Compassion & Choices. Inspired by Maynard, legislators in Wyoming and Pennsylvania recently introduced “death with dignity” bills in their states.
Polls on where Americans stand on the issue are mixed. Gallup has found that roughly 7 in 10 back support euthanasia, but answers hinge largely on how the question is asked. If asked about “physician-assisted suicide,” polling shows support just barely beating opposition. But if framed as a way to end a patient’s life painlessly, support is closer to 7 in 10.
A Pew poll, on the other hand, found public opinion to be divided. A Pew poll from last November found that 47 percent approve while 49 percent disapprove of physician-assisted suicide.
Disapproval was highest among black protestants (72 percent), followed by white evangelical protestants (67 percent), Hispanic Catholics (63 percent) and White Catholics (43 percent).
Conservatives disapprove of the policy nearly two to one (64 percent to 34 percent), while roughly 60 percent of moderates and liberals approve of it. Political independents lean toward approval, 53 percent to 44 percent, virtually the same as Democrats. Republicans oppose physician-assisted suicide 59 percent to 37 percent.
(Update, 4 p.m.: This story was updated with more detail on where assisted suicide stands in other states and where public opinion stands on the issue.)
Niraj Chokshi reports for GovBeat, The Post's state and local policy blog.

Bachmann: Obama turning illiterate immigrants into Democratic votersBy Robert Costa November 19 Follow @costareports
In a sign of the difficulties GOP leaders face in keeping their unruly caucus on-message, retiring tea party firebrand Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-Minn.) said Wednesday that the immigrants given new protections by the president could become “illiterate” Democratic voters.
“The social cost will be profound on the U.S. taxpayer — millions of unskilled, illiterate, foreign nationals coming into the United States who can’t speak the English language,” Bachmann told reporters at the Capitol. “Even though the president says they won’t be able to vote, we all know that many, in all likelihood, will vote.”
Bachmann added: “The president has a very single-minded vision. He’s looking at new voters for 2016.... People do vote without being a citizen. It’s a wink and a nod, we all know it’s going to happen."
When asked by The Washington Post why she chose to use the word “illiterate” to describe a group of mostly Spanish-speaking workers, Bachmann said her view was informed by trips to the border.
“Some are, some aren’t,” Bachmann said of the literacy of illegal immigrants. “I’ve been down to the border. The reason why I would say that is I spent four days at the border and spoke to American Hispanics on the border. That’s what they told me. Those are not Michele Bachmann’s words, those words came from Hispanics who live on the border…. I’m not using a pejorative term against people who are non-American citizens. I’m only repeating what I heard from Hispanic Americans down at the border. That’s what they told me.”
Bachmann, a former presidential candidate, is one of several conservatives in Congress urging the leadership to use the upcoming government funding bills as part of the GOP’s response to the president’s overhaul of the nation’s immigration system. She is working closely with Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) to craft a strategy for the conservative wing of the House GOP.
Robert Costa is a national political reporter at The Washington Post.

SEC awarded $30 million to whistleblower in banner year for programBy Josh Hicks November 19 Follow @reporter_hicks
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission experienced a banner year with its whistleblower program in fiscal 2014, awarding more tipsters than all previous years combined and issuing a record-setting $30 million to one individual who reported fraud.
The SEC said in a  report to Congress this week  that it authorized a total of nine monetary awards this year to people who provided original information about violations of federal securities laws. The agency had previously handed out a combined four awards since the program began in 2011.
Historic results and enforcement actions marked a banner year for the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s whistleblower program. (Jonathan Ernst/Reuters)
The commission said it also brought its first-ever enforcement action for retaliation this year, ordering Paradigm Capital Management to pay $2.2 million for allegedly punishing the firm’s head trader after he reported prohibited transactions.
Additionally, the SEC said it filed legal briefs in several private retaliation cases pending in federal courts.
The agency’s whistleblower protection program allows the commission to pay for leads that result in successful enforcement actions that bring in at least $1 million. The awards range between 10 percent and 30 percent of the funds collected through a case, with the SEC basing the amounts on the significance of information and the level of assistance from each individual.
In some instances, the commission has divided the awards between several whistleblowers. For example, three employees who reported a violation last year received 15 percent, 10 percent and 5 percent of the sanctions that the government collected through its case.
Congress established a special fund to ensure that whistleblower payments do not diminish the amount of recovery for the victims of securities-law violations. This year, the fund included $439 million, but only $2 million went out to informants, because most of them could be paid from sanction revenue without affecting victims.
The record-setting $30 million award this year went to an informant from a foreign country. It was the fourth time the SEC has made such a payment to a whistleblower from outside the United States.
“We hope that awards like this one will incentivize the company and industry insiders, or others who may have knowledge of possible federal securities law violations, both in the U.S. and abroad, to come forward and report their information promptly to the commission,” the SEC said in its report.
In a separate case this year, the commission awarded more than $400,000 to a whistleblower who reported fraud after the company failed to address the issue internally. The SEC said the outcome drove home an “important message” that firms must act upon credible allegations of potential wrongdoing from employees.
The commission said it received 3,620 whistleblower tips in 2014, representing an increase of 20 percent compared to the previous year. The SEC does not release the names of individuals who provide information about potential violations.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

All modes of transportation are terrible  not just UberBy Alexandra Petri November 19 Follow @petridishes
FUN FOR NO ONE. (Kai Pfaffenbach/Reuters)
After the news from Uber about the alarming things they fantasize about doing with our data , followed by a parade of apologies, I thought it was time to reevaluate our means of transportation. How do we get around our cities, if we don’t own cars?
I am sad to report that there are no good options. However, I have ranked what remains, from “Worst” to “Least Worst.” Godspeed.
Worst:
TAXI
Taxis combine all the fun of being forced to watch an unfunny bit from Jimmy Kimmel, two weeks ago, six times, with all the fun of accidentally carrying on half a conversation with someone who turns out to be talking on the phone to someone else. Occasionally, if you are extra lucky, you get a pamphlet from your driver about how you are the wrong religion. Sometimes your driver also has what turns out to be alarming political views that you initially agreed with because you misheard them, and then you spend the rest of the ride growing increasingly agitated after realizing that what you politely agreed with by saying, “That’s so true, especially these days!” was that the president was in cahoots with Satan.
UBER
On the one hand, it’s convenient. On the other hand, data. Seriously, they know when you’ve had a one-night stand .
LYFT
These are no good either. First, the car has a mustache. It is enough to have to see mustaches on the faces of the hipsters you encounter every day without cars sporting them, too. Who do these cars think they are, William Howard Taft? Second, you are supposed to sit in the front as though you and the driver are friends. Already this is a mistake. Even in cars with my actual friends I almost never sit in the front, and I don’t know what to do there at all. Sitting in front guarantees that when you run out of conversation (and you inevitably do) it will be acutely, awkwardly, painfully noticeable. You never have more conversation than ride. This is an ironclad rule.
HORSE-DRAWN CARRIAGE
Are these still legal?
BICYCLE
It is impossible to bicycle in a city for any length of time before you become consumed by it, grow insufferable and start writing letters to the newspaper and wearing odd shorts, a phase from which many bikers never recover.
HORSE
Horses have personality (equine-ality?) but never attempt to talk to you. If horses were there standing outside bars at the end of the night ready to take you home, I would use this option more. But this does not happen outside of movies set in the Old West.
BUS
I actually enjoy the bus, because it is like sitting quietly in a big room full of silent, disapproving people and consequently reminds me of my childhood. You can read a book or listen to music, and you don’t need to talk to anyone. In theory, anyway. In practice it is not always that simple. Once a total stranger talked very earnestly to me about her relationship with her father for the entire ride, even though I was in high school and clearly had no insights to offer. Another time someone on my bus decided to clip her nails, and the trouble with buses at such times is that there is no way to eject yourself immediately and boil everything you are wearing.
RENTED BICYCLE FROM A BIG COLORFUL RACK SPONSORED BY SOME KIND OF BANK
Exactly the same problems as regular bicycles, but without a helmet!
WALK
This would be fine if it weren’t so cold. You have to bundle up in so many layers that you resemble the Michelin mascot, and if you walk at all briskly then by the time you reach your destination, you are both cold and sweating profusely, a combination that alienates everyone in the office.
ONE OF THOSE BICYCLE-DRAWN RICKSHAWS
If you want to travel slower than you would when walking while a bearded hipster, panting heavily, tries to make conversation with you, this is for you. Otherwise it has no appeal whatsoever.
NEVER GO ANYWHERE AT ALL
All things considered, this is by far the most sensible option.
Alexandra Petri writes the ComPost blog, offering a lighter take on the news and opinions of the day.

Many drivers unprepared for opening of 95 Express LanesBy Robert Thomson November 19 Follow @RT_Thomson
The 95 Express Lanes in the middle of I-95 are scheduled to open in December. (Robert Thomson/The Washington Post)
Though the D.C. region’s newest HOT lanes are scheduled to open in December, many of the drivers most likely to use the lanes haven’t got the equipment or the information they need to travel in them, according to a survey by the 95 Express Lanes .
The equipment is the E-ZPass Flex transponder , a device made specifically so that drivers with at least two passengers can claim the free HOV3 ride for carpoolers. The survey conducted in October showed that only a third of carpoolers have the transponders.
This is especially significant because the high-occupancy toll (HOT) lanes will replace today’s high-occupancy vehicle (HOV) lanes . The HOV lanes on I-95/395 are among the most successful in the nation. Many commuters form carpools of at least three people for a quicker commute along that heavily congested north-south corridor.
Blue line shows 95 Express Lanes. Green line shows 495 Express Lanes. (Map courtesy of Transurban (USA) Operations Inc.)
If they want to keep on doing what they’re doing free of charge, they will need to get the new style transponder. Otherwise, the overhead gantries in the express lanes will record images of the license plates and the registered owners will be mailed bills. The bills will not only assess the toll due but add an administrative fee.
The carpoolers still could travel free without an E-ZPass Flex, but they would have to switch to the regular lanes on I-95. They not only would lose the advantage of traveling in the less congested lanes in the middle of the interstate but also would join lanes that are likely to be even more congested than they are today.
The survey was conducted online with 1,200 Northern Virginia drivers, including 858 drivers who said they travel on I-95 at least a couple of days each month.
The new lanes will be similar to the two-year-old 495 Express Lanes on the Capital Beltway in that all drivers will need some type of E-ZPass. The regular one will do fine if the driver simply plans on paying the toll. But drivers also need to understand how the lanes are structured and how the tolling system will work.
The express lanes require drivers to use E-ZPass. (Transurban image)
According to the survey, only about half of the I-95 drivers knew that the 95 Express Lanes will be reversible , just like the HOV lanes, and 55 percent knew this all-electronic tolling system will replace the HOV system.
Almost a quarter of the drivers thought that the HOT lanes system would be in effect only at rush hours, when in fact, it will be in effect all the time, including weekends .
These survey results match up with the frequently asked questions I get from drivers on I-95. In the weeks before any new transportation project opens, it’s quite common to find that many potential users are unaware of the details. For example, many Metro riders were unaware that the Silver Line , which opened during the summer, would operate between Fairfax and Prince George’s counties.
But the express lanes system is still a novelty for drivers in the D.C. region, and some aspects are more complicated than the traditional toll roads, which have set prices paid at toll plazas.
The express lanes will close for several hours, then reverse direction, just as the HOV lanes do now. (Transurban image)
Even those familiar with the Beltway express lanes would need a little extra knowledge to use the I-95 version. An important example: Just north of the Beltway, the 95 Express Lanes will link up with the I-395 HOV lanes, which continue on to the D.C. line. Northbound drivers in the HOT lanes can simply continue on in the HOV lanes. But toll-paying drivers who don’t meet the HOV3 requirements will need to exit around Edsall Road or risk a ticket.
In the survey, less than a quarter of the I-95 drivers said they were aware of what will happen in this transition area north of the Beltway.
The 95 Express Lanes is the biggest highway project in the D.C. region, and I’ve been inviting travelers to submit questions about how the lanes will work. Please continue to do so here. These will be the topics for frequent blog postings in the weeks leading up to the December opening.
Robert Thomson is The Washington Post’s “Dr. Gridlock.” He answers travelers’ questions, listens to their complaints and shares their pain on the roads, trains and buses in the Washington region.

St. Louis alderman asks Missouri governor for at least 400 trauma counselorsBy Emily Wax-Thibodeaux November 19 Follow @emily_wax
St. Louis Alderman Antonio French, left, is escorted by police after a large group of protesters violating a midnight curfew were dispersed in Ferguson, Mo. (Roberto Rodriguez/European Pressphoto Agency)
A St. Louis alderman is asking Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon to deploy at least “400 trauma counselors and mental health professionals,” to help the city’s residents who are suffering “tension, anxiety and fear,” because of the pending grand jury verdict on the shooting of unarmed teenager Michael Brown.
Antonio French, a St. Louis Board member who had been providing frequent updates about the protests and police action in Ferguson, Mo., the St. Louis suburb where the shooting occurred, wrote an open letter to Nixon:
In light of the events of the past few months in the St. Louis area and the trauma suffered by so many people, including children, it has become painfully apparent that St. Louis urgently needs support for the post-traumatic stress this community is enduring.
Letter to Nixon
He goes on to say that fear has become the main emotion, “resulting from statements from government officials calling for :”a State of Emergency,:” suggesting we are at ‘precipice of pandemonium and urging to citizens to stock up on food and water before the grand jury announcement.”
He says that repeated incidents of “tear gas deployment on citizens and pointing of weapons at unarmed citizens,” is causing increased trauma.
Also Wednesday, the Rev.  Al Sharpton said he is “on high alert” and planning non-violent demonstrations as the nation awaits the decision.
The National Action Network – Sharpton’s civil rights group –has pledged to help Brown’s family when the decision is announced, he said at  news conference.
On Monday,  Nixon activated the National Guard and declared a state of emergency in preparation for possible fallout to a grand jury decision.
Tensions are high in the St. Louis area. Demonstrators expect news that Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson, who is white, will not be charged in the Aug. 9 shooting of Brown , who was black.
The grand jury decision could be announced within days.
Brown’s death sparked weeks of protests. Heavily armed police used tear gas and pointed guns at protesters. Brown’s death reignited a national conversation over the treatment of African Americans by law enforcement.
Some St. Louis gun dealers are seeing an uptick in business, particularly among first-time buyers, who are awaiting a grand jury's decision on whether to indict the officer who fatally shot 18-year-old Michael Brown. (AP)
Emily Wax-Thibodeaux is a National staff writer who covers veterans, veterans' affairs and the culture of government. She's an award-winning former foreign correspondent who covered Africa and India for nearly a decade. She also covered immigration, crime and education for the Metro staff.

The No-Process Processreddit
You may not think you have anything to learn from an ant -- and you'd probably be right. But don't write off the colony as a whole, because it might have something to teach you.
Ants, you see, are masters of collaboration. Observe their process of locating a food source: it looks like utter chaos. But guess what? It works. A colony can solve problems that would stump a single ant -- including defending their nest and finding the most efficient path to the best source of food (even if it's not the shortest path).
So what does this idea of chaotic collaboration mean for us as designers, entrepreneurs, and managers? We've got way more brain cells (around 86 billion neurons in our noggins, compared to 250,000 in an ant's), so our combined powers are considerably more impressive. We don't build bridges out of our bodies, the way ants do; we design soaring marvels of civic engineering like Singapore's Marina Bay Bridge, whose twisting structure reminds viewers of human DNA.
We're comfortable with teamwork. With familiar processes and best practices. But most people are still afraid of the kind of chaotic collaboration that can drive real innovation. At my agency, Liquid, we're working to change that.
It can be hard to convince a client to cultivate a little chaos. After all, clients need reassurance that their investment is safe. And process, the way it's traditionally defined, seems safe. It's ordered and rational (not to mention easily billable).
Maybe that's why designers have been touting process for decades. By turning creativity into a logical business process, designers have persuaded companies to trust them with mission-critical projects and substantial budgets. Process equals predictability.
But what does the rational process really predict? Unfortunately, only sameness.
The rational design process looks something like this:
1. Discovery (find out more about the challenge using interviews and research)
2. Definition (determine the scope and goals for the project)
3. Design (prototype and assess a range of ideas)
4. Development (select and refine the most promising idea)
5. Deployment (launch the project)
The problem with this linear, phase-by-phase structure is that anything you learn while working on one phase cannot be applied to a previous phase. The arrow moves in one direction only: relentlessly forward. For example, if you discover something exciting in the design phase, you can't go back and redefine the challenge to accommodate it. That door is closed.
But what if we surrounded the problem at hand, like ants? What if we employed a kind of swarm intelligence? Rather than structure a project as a linear exercise, swarming unleashes the full power of simultaneous collaboration. A variety of minds (experts, newbies, tech-heads, managers, and artists) come together at the start, tapping their diverse talents throughout the process.
This is a better method for innovation -- in design, in branding, in business management -- and I call it the "no-process process." Discovery, definition, and design are run on parallel tracks instead of on a single, sequential track. This means they can "talk" to each other and create surprising new combinations. The arrow moves forward, backward, and in between, keeping ideas in a "liquid" state as long as possible.
No-process process assumes that team members will uncover new ideas as they work. It assumes they can quickly respond to changes in mission.
At Liquid we use it to integrate brand programs without compromising their integrity. When we worked with Jive Software -- a company that makes enterprise social communication and collaboration software to help clients across many industries (including financial services, health care, and technology) work together on projects -- we used Jive's own product to power a rebranding process.
One of our tactics with Jive was to open ourselves up to outside inspiration. We brought in five artists from around the world to create a new brand expression as a group. These artists developed visual works, shared them, and interacted with each other's work in real time, communicating only via the Jive platform.
And rather than sending Liquid designers into a black box to emerge later with a customized solution, we collaborated directly with Jive employees. We invited representatives from all departments to help conceptualize, test, and create company videos and websites using the new brand expression. And it worked. As Jive's president, Elisa Steele, said, "We created something that truly reflects our belief in collaboration -- opening our process to the community instead of coming to the answer ourselves."
In other words, we solved problems as a swarm, and our solutions were more exciting than what we might have come up with on our own.
One caveat: The no-process process is chaotic and sometimes irrational. It's a style of advanced creativity. But if your goal is innovation, it's the only style that works.
If the ants aren't afraid to embrace collaboration and chaos, why should we be? We've got much more to gain. As Mary Shelley, who created one of the world's most fascinating literary characters, said, "Invention, it must be humbly admitted, does not consist in creating out of voice, but out of chaos."
Follow Marty Neumeier on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MartyNeumeier
More:

Your complete guide to Obamas immigration executive actionWhat will Obama's executive action do?
The executive action will have two key components:
It would offer a legal reprieve to the undocumented parents of U.S. citizens and permanent residents who've resided in the country for at least five years. This would remove the constant threat of deportation. Many could also receive work permits.
It would expand the 2012 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program that allowed young immigrants, under 30 years old, who arrived as children to apply for a deportation deferral and who are now here legally. Immigrants older than 30 now qualify, as do more recent arrivals.
People in both groups will have to reapply every three years. The executive action will also include:
A program to facilitate visas for people who invest in the United States and those who pursue science, technology, engineering and math degrees
Modifying federal immigrant detention procedures
Adding resources to strengthen security at the border
But notably, the action will not:
Extend protections to hundreds of thousands of parents of young immigrants who participated in the DACA program -- a group totaling 671,000 people.
Expand visas for migrant farm workers. According to The Times, "farm workers, for example, will not be singled out for protections because of concerns that it was difficult to justify legally treating them differently from undocumented workers in other jobs, like hotel clerks, day laborers and construction workers."
Expand the existing H-1B visa program for highly skilled foreigners
Offer access to the  Affordable Care Act  for newly protected immigrants
For more on what the executive action will do, click here .
How many people actually would be covered by the action?
The Migration Policy Institute came out with new estimates Wednesday that suggests that about 4 million undocumented immigrants would be directly affected by the action. According to the group, there are 3.71 million undocumented immigrants who have children who are U.S. citizens or legal permanent residents.
Then, 290,000 new people would join the 1.2 million young immigrants eligible for deferred deportation under the administration's 2012 program.
Back up a second. Where did these undocumented immigrants come from, anyway?
The number of undocumented immigrants in the country rose steadily from about 3.5 million in 1990 to 12.2 million in 2007, according to the Pew Research Center . Since then, the number has declined to about 11.3 million. There are now fewer immigrants entering the United States from Mexico than leaving it , often because they miss their families at home.
The typical undocumented immigrant has now been living in the United States for nearly 13 years . More than half of undocumented immigrants are from Mexico, according to the Department of Homeland Security . The rest are largely from other countries in Latin America and Asia.
Meanwhile, the Obama administration has been deporting more and more people. Deportations began to increase during the President Bush's second term, and federal law enforcement deported more than 400,000 in 2012, the most ever in one year.
Another 369,000 were deported last year. At that rate, it would take more than 30 years to deport all 11.3 million undocumented immigrants currently living in the United States, which is part of the reason that lawmakers and the president say the current system is impractical.
The most recent attempt at reform was a bill that the Senate passed with strong support in both parties last year. The House has never considered it, however, which Obama says is part of the justification for his acting unilaterally.
What is the demographic make up of the undocumented population in the United States?
The Migration Policy Institute has detailed statistical tables on the demographic breakdown of the U.S. undocumented population. Most illegal immigrants are relatively young in the United States, between 16 and 44. There are shy of a million undocumented immigrants under 16, and just a bit less over 55.
A majority of illegal immigrants have resided in the United States for under 10 years, with the largest group residing in the U.S. between 5 and 9 years. By a slim margin, a majority of undocumented immigrants do not have a high school diploma or equivalent. About 13 percent have a college degree or higher. As noted above, about 3.5 million undocumented persons have a U.S. citizen child. Almost double that number do not have a child.
Can Obama just do it himself?
Obama has never claimed an ability to offer a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants. But he does claim a more limited power to act.
Whether he actually has that power is disputed. Part of Obama's legal argument relies on the widely accepted principle that law enforcement officers are responsible for choosing where to focus their efforts. The cops don't stop every car that is traveling 66 miles per hour on the interstate. District attorneys might choose to drop charges against someone who has committed a minor infraction if they're busy with a case against a mob boss.
It's a concept known as prosecutorial discretion .
Conservatives, though, argue that issuing a blanket reprieve for millions of immigrants isn't exercising prosecutorial discretion -- it's rewriting the law. It's a tricky distinction, in any case.
The Obama administration will also likely claim that the executive action is based on existing immigration law as explicitly written .
President Reagan and later President George H.W. Bush relied on this explicit authority when they unilaterally exempted roughly 1.5 million undocumented immigrants from deportation after passing a law granting amnesty to millions more. The action  were not especially controversial at the time.
These questions ultimately may bear little weight on whether Obama's action is actually carried out. The only way that the courts could stop Obama is if he were sued. And while House Republicans have contemplated suing him, legal experts say a challenge would be how they would assert standing in court, given that they haven't been harmed in any specific way.
One possibility is that states such as Texas could sue the president, arguing that they will have to pay for education and health care for the newly legal undocumented immigrant population.
What exactly is an executive action?
While this is technically an executive action, ere's a video that explains what an executive order is.
President Obama is set to announce an executive order on immigration, but how does that work? Here's a look at how the White House, Congress and the Supreme Court have roles — and limitations — in executive orders. (Julie Percha, Jackie Kucinich and Rebecca Schatz/The Washington Post)
Will the order mean that undocumented immigrants get Obamacare?
No. Although the federal government does pay for health care for many undocumented immigrants and has for years, they won't receive subsidies through Obamacare under this executive action. Jason Millman has more.
How will this executive action affect the economy?
It's probably too early to say anything about this particular order, but as Wonkblog has written previously, comprehensive immigration reform generally would benefit the economy.
It would help stabilize the federal debt by encouraging more younger workers to come the country, who will pay taxes without drawing on Social Security and Medicare for many years. It would raise the wages of workers already in the country. Leaders in both parties recognize these facts. "Immigration reform will help our economy," House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) said in September.
What do Americans think of all this?
Most people do think undocumented immigrants should be allowed to stay and should eventually receive citizenship. Public support declined during the summer when child migrants were overwhelming detention facilities, but has since recovered.
A poll by The Wall Street Journal-NBC News released Wednesday found that 48 percent of respondents opposed executive action on immigration, a plurality. A USA Today poll last week found  that, by a margin of 46 percent to 42 percent, Americans think Obama should wait for Republicans to act on immigration in Congress act rather than issue an order now on his own. But the poll didn't consider the possibility that Republicans might not act.
In another recent poll by The Washington Post-ABC News , respondents were asked whether Obama should take action on his own if Congress does not act, and a majority said he should.
In other words, the answer depends on how you ask the question.
So, what happens now?
Obama is scheduled to announce the order Thursday night on prime time television, but Republicans will probably look for a way to retaliate. One option would for them to shut down the government next month, but there are less confrontational approaches as well once they take control of the Senate next year, as Ramesh Ponnuru describes.
For example, they could make rescinding the order a condition of funding the Border Patrol or some other crucial agency. This is essentially the strategy that Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) endorsed in a column in Politico Magazine Wednesday. Cruz also says Republicans should not consider any presidential nominations except those for "vital national security positions."
In any case, this executive order likely isn't the final word on immigration policy. Undocumented immigrants will have to keep waiting to learn if any protection they receive is permanent.
Max Ehrenfreund is a blogger on the Financial desk and writes for Know More and Wonkblog.

Jordan Zimmermann gave Steven Souza Jr. a Best Guy gift card (not a BMW) for his no-hitter-clinching catch 
(Brad Mills/USA TODAY Sports)
“Whatever he wants he can have. I’ll buy him anything,” Jordan Zimmermann said after Steven Souza Jr.’s diving catch preserved the first no-hitter in Nationals history on the final day of the regular season.
Souza joked that he’d be looking for a Beemer in his garage. (He was joking, right?)
When asked about Zimmermann’s gift during the National League Division Series, Souza was coy. He said Zimmermann bought him a BMW that was shipping this winter, but he wasn’t sure what kind.
And we now have confirmation that Souza was joking. The outfielder told MLB.com Wednesday that Zimmermann did not get him a BMW, but rather a Best Buy gift card.
“I cannot disclose the amount,” Souza said. “He gave a gift certificate to help me out for my house. It was very thoughtful.”
While it’s not polite to compare gifts, Mark Buehrle bought his teammates watches after his no-hitter in 2007 and bottles of Crown Royal XR in personalized, embroidered bags after his perfect game in 2009. There were rumors that Buehrle also commissioned a painting of DeWayne Wise’s perfect-game-saving catch. (I think I’d prefer a Best Buy gift card.)
 
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

Emrah Gurel / ASSOCIATED PRESS
Williams sits with MCL sprainBy Mike Jones November 19 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Washington Redskins tackle Trent Williams (71) is helped off the field after an injury during the first half of an NFL football game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in Landover, Md., Sunday, Nov. 16, 2014. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
Left tackle Trent Williams did not practice on Wednesday as he nurses the sprained MCL in his right knee and a sprained right ankle.
Nose tackle Chris Baker (sternoclavicular joint), left guard Shawn Lauvao (concussion) and tight end Jordan Reed (hamstring) also missed practice.
Outside linebacker Trent Murphy was limited in practice with a partially torn PCL in his right knee.
Williams is listed as day-to-day, Coach Jay Gruden said. The Pro Bowl left tackle has demonstrate a high pain tolerance. Earlier this season he played one week after partially dislocating the same knee. But this injury could be harder to overcome on a short time frame, he admitted.
“Obviously, it’s not as positive as i have been, but we’ll see,” Williams said. “I’m not going to rule myself out. I want to play. I always want to play, but you have to take care of your health first. We’ll see, man, but it’s going to be tough.”
Mike Jones covers the Washington Redskins for The Washington Post. When not writing about a Redskins development of some kind – which is rare – he can be found screaming and cheering at one of his kids’ softball, baseball, soccer or basketball games.

Greg Burns MarketSens11_19Greg Burns MarketSens11_19
Greg Burns MarketSens11_19
The major indices dip after the Fed released minutes that didn't reveal when it will raise interest rates.
The major indices dip after the Fed released minutes that didn't reveal when it will raise interest rates.

JetBlue to Reduce Legroom and Add Bag Fees
Paul Ryan: Obama already hurting chances for 2015 cooperationBy Lori Montgomery November 19 Follow @loriamontgomery
(AP Photo/Steve Helber)
Rep. Paul Ryan, the incoming chairman of the powerful House Ways and Means Committee, laid out an expansive agenda Wednesday for 2015, including a GOP alternative to the Affordable Care Act and a fix for the looming shortfall in the federal disability insurance program.
An overhaul of the nation’s tax laws will also rank high on the agenda when Ryan (R-Wis.) takes the helm of the tax-writing panel in January.
However, Ryan acknowledged significant hurdles to passing tax reform during President Obama’s final years in office, and said far-reaching legislation may have to wait until a new president is seated in 2017.
“We’d like to do it sooner rather than later, but we don’t control everything,” Ryan said in an interview. He cited Obama’s longstanding refusal to roll out his own tax plan as well as the president’s recent decision to forge ahead with a unilateral ban on the deportation of some undocumented immigrants — a move that has inflamed Republicans.
“How the president starts his relationship with the new Congress will do a lot to set the tone, and so far, it doesn’t look good,” Ryan said.
Ryan declined to say whether he would try to advance tax legislation without White House cooperation. But he left the door open when asked whether he would follow the lead of Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky), who has expressed a new willingness to set aside efforts to overhaul the individual tax code and focus on reforming tax laws for businesses, where there is more hope of bipartisan agreement. McConnell invited Obama to negotiate on business tax reform after Republicans consolidated their hold on Congress earlier this month
“I don’t want to foreclose any option,” Ryan said. “There is a sense of urgency around this issue regarding competitiveness and corporate inversions. The question is whether the president will nurture a working relationship with Congress that’s conducive to finding common ground.”
Ryan, who was the Republican vice presidential nominee in 2012, is one of the GOP’s most important thinkers on fiscal and economic policy. He has chaired the House Budget Committee since 2011, producing a series of austere spending plans that proposed to wipe out deficits over the next 10 years, lower the top tax rate from 39.6 percent to 25 percent and replace the open-ended Medicare guarantee with a government voucher.
As chairman of Ways and Means, Ryan will have the authority to produce legislation to implement those ideas. He replaces retiring Rep. Dave Camp (R-Mich.), who declined to pursue Ryan’s Medicare plan when it became a political hot potato in 2011. Earlier this year, Camp released a tax reform draft that showed the enormous difficulty of achieving Ryan’s goal of getting tax rates down to 25 percent.
Ryan has said it would be easier to hit that target if the Congressional Budget Office used a process called “dynamic scoring” to measure broad effects on the economy when judging tax legislation. While CBO already uses dynamic scoring on a limited basis, Ryan said Wednesday he will have additional recommendations in the new Congress “for making sure we take these things into consideration.”
Lori Montgomery covers U.S. economic policy and the federal budget, focusing on efforts to tame the national debt.

Poll: Voters want Congress to set the countrys agenda  not ObamaBy Zachary A. Goldfarb November 19 Follow @Goldfarb
(AP Photo/Evan Vucci, File)
Americans have always showed a preference for Congress to take the helm in setting the country's agenda -- perhaps distrustful that one man in the White House should be in charge. But by the widest margin of President Obama's tenure, Americans believe that the nation's representatives and senators should be in charge, not him. That's a big finding in the new Wall Street Journal-NBC News poll released Wednesday night.
It may not be a surprising finding since voters just issued a tough verdict on Obama in this month's mid-term elections. Still, it bad news for the president and good news for Republicans, who will be in fully in charge of Congress come January. A Gallup poll right after Election Day found similar numbers, with Americans saying they prefer the Republicans to have more influence over the nation's direction year by a 53 to 36 percent margin.
Obama seems not to be taking his lead from public opinion on this, however. He is pressing forward with his agenda, including preparing to issue an executive order granting a temporary legal status to millions of undocumented immigrants . But should polling stay where it is, it could weaken his hand come next year, as he unveils an agenda for his final two years.
In new research, political scientists examined whether the State of the Union Address actually influenced Congress' priorities. They found that under several circumstances, it did--for a short time.
Except for Obama, it may not. The study found that two of the key factors affected lawmaking was whether the same party controlled Congress and the president's approval rating.
We know Republicans will control Congress next year, but it turns out a popular president could overwhelm divided government. Unfortunately for Obama, the new NBC News-WSJ poll doesn't have good news on that account for him.
Zachary A. Goldfarb is policy editor at The Washington Post.

US court rejects Ranbaxy s plea over drug launchUS court rejects Ranbaxy's request to block launch of rival generic drugs
Zeba Siddiqui     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 12:16 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
A United States court has denied a request by home-grown drugmaker Ranbaxy Laboratories to stop competitors from launching copies of AstraZeneca's heartburn pill Nexium and Roche's antiviral Valcyte, a court filing showed.
Ranbaxy had sought the restraining order against Dr Reddy's Laboratories and US-based firm Endo International in a lawsuit it filed against the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) last week for revoking tentative approvals to launch copies of the two drugs in the US, the drugmaker's largest market.
US District Judge Beryl Howell in Minneapolis denied the drug firm's request, the court filing showed. Ranbaxy, which is being acquired by larger local rival Sun Pharmaceutical Industries for US $3.2 billion, declined to comment on the case.
Analysts had expected generic Nexium to add about US $150 million to the drugmaker's overall sales in the first six months of its launch, while generic antiviral Valcyte was seen adding about US $50 million to sales.
In early November, the US drug regulator told Ranbaxy that it had made an error in granting the company tentative approval to launch the drugs, citing manufacturing quality lapses at the company's domestic plants.
Ranbaxy and the FDA have until November 21 to submit a schedule for further proceedings in the case, the filing showed.
Ranbaxy shares were trading 2.5 per cent higher at Rs 617 a piece at 10:51 am on Thursday.
(Reuters)

US Fed downplayed global woes in October policy meetFederal Reserve downplayed global woes in Oct, focused on optimism
Howard Schneider     Washington   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 14:25 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Unitesd States Federal Reserve wrestled with whether to give a nod to financial market volatility and a weakening global economy in its policy statement in October, but opted not to do so out of worry it could send an unwarranted signal of pessimism.
Minutes of the US Fed's October 28-29 meeting released on Wednesday also indicated a vigorous debate among policymakers over how much weight they should give to signs that inflation expectations were slipping, potentially undermining their effort to bring the pace of price increases back up to their target.
"Many participants observed that the committee should remain attentive to evidence of a possible down shift in longer-term inflation expectations," the minutes said. "Some of them noted that if such an outcome occurred, it would be even more worrisome if growth faltered," the policy statement added.
Major central banks throughout the world are facing a similar dilemma over inflation, with neither prices nor wages increasing the way policymakers had hoped.
"The wording would suggest greater pessimism (about the US outlook)," said Robbert Van Batenburg, director of market strategy at Newedge in New York, adding, "They didn't want to create fears."
Stocks in the US, government bonds and the dollar gyrated after the minutes were released as investors struggled to determine whether the new expressions of concern might mean the Fed Reserve would hold off longer on hiking interest rates . In the end, financial markets still pointed to a rate rise in September, 2015.
WHAT THEY DIDN'T SAY
The statement Fed officials issued after their October gathering largely sloughed off a mid-October global market meltdown and ebbing growth in other economies, and the minutes indicated policymakers remained confident that the US economy would continue to make progress.
However, the statement also reflected a complex discussion.
Officials decided to leave out any mention of volatility in stock and bond markets in part to avoid "the misimpression that monetary policy was likely to respond", the meeting minutes stated. A similar debate and conclusion surrounded the weakening economies of Europe, Japan and China, and the impact of a stronger dollar.
The US Fed is in a tricky phase, trying to wind down crisis era policies and engineer a return to more normal interest rates, while guarding against any economic downturn.
In October, the US central bank wrapped up a bond-buying stimulus program, throwing the debate forward to when it will raise benchmark borrowing costs from near zero, where they have been pinned since late-2008.
The policy statement said a number of officials felt it would be wise to provide some clarity soon on how swiftly rates might rise. Additionally, in discussing a long-term strategy statement officials plan to issue in January, the minutes said there was "widespread agreement" that inflation both above and below the Fed's target of 2 per cent was equally costly.
According to the minutes, a solid core of officials said the apex bank needed to remain vigilant about signs that public and market expectations about inflation were shifting down - a worrisome development that might increase the risk of stagnation or outright deflation.
The minutes indicated that officials held an extensive discussion about whether to keep language stating that the Fed would hold rates low for a "considerable time." The camp that argued removing it might foster the mistaken impression of an imminent rate rise won the day.
(Reuters)

Mozilla to be new default search engine with YahooYahoo to replace Google as default search engine for Mozilla Firefox
Alexei Oreskovic     San Francisco   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 16:56 IST
Photo: Reuters
Yahoo struck a deal with Firefox maker Mozilla to replace Google as the default search engine on the Firefox Web browser in the United States, a move that Yahoo Chief Executive Marissa Mayer said will help boost its flagging search market share.
The deal between the two companies will start in December and is set to last five years, Yahoo said. Mayer would not disclose the financial terms other than to say that the partnership is a revenue sharing agreement and includes certain "guarantees."
The partnership, which integrates Yahoo search into Firefox's browser for desktop PCs and mobile devices such as smartphones, will produce a "share gain" for Yahoo, Mayer said in an interview with Reuters on Wednesday.
The Mozilla deal means that users of the Firefox browser in the US will automatically be routed to search results on Yahoo's website when they type a query into the small box that appears at the top of the browser.
"It's one of the largest independently-directed search share opportunities available in the market," Mayer said, declining to estimate how much of a boost Yahoo expected to receive from the deal.
Yahoo's share of the US search market on desktop PCs is currently about 10 percent, according to industry research firm comScore, compared to Microsoft's roughly 20 per cent and Google's 67 per cent.
Google previously served as the default search option for users of the Firefox Web browser on an international basis. With Google's three-year deal coming to an end, Mozilla has struck deals with several search engines in different regions, including Baidu in China and Yandex NV in Russia.
Yahoo said it has revamped the look of its search engine, making more use of rich graphics and photos, for the Firefox partnership. The Web search results will continue to be powered by Microsoft , in keeping with the 10-year partnership that Yahoo and Microsoft began in 2010.
Firefox had 10.4 per cent of the US browser market on desktop PCs, mobile smartphones and tablets last month, according to tech data firm StatCounter. Google's Chrome browser was the leader with 33.5 per cent.
Yahoo shares were up 1 per cent at $51.10 in extended trading on Wednesday.

At Ferrari: Fernando Alonso out  Sebastian VettelinThe 33-year-old Spanish driver had said earlier this season that his future lay elsewhere, amid reports that he could join McLaren next season. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Abu Dhabi | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:06 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 5:41 pm
Sebastian Vettel looked forward to following in Michael Schumacher’s Formula One footsteps after Ferrari confirmed on Thursday that the four times world champion would replace Fernando Alonso next season on a three-year deal.
The long-awaited news, an open secret since the German announced in October that he was leaving Red Bull, formally ended a five-year love affair with double world champion Alonso that frustrated both sides.
Vettel will partner Finland’s 2007 world champion Kimi Raikkonen, who has a year remaining on his contract.
“The next stage of my Formula One career will be spent with Scuderia Ferrari and for me that means the dream of a lifetime has come true,” said Vettel.
“When I was a kid, Michael Schumacher in the red car was my greatest idol and now it’s an incredible honour to finally get the chance to drive a Ferrari,” added the 27-year-old, who took his first Formula One win in a Ferrari-powered Toro Rosso at Monza in 2008.
Compatriot Schumacher won five of his seven titles with Ferrari.
“The Scuderia has a great tradition in this sport and I am extremely motivated to help the team get back to the top. I will put my heart and soul into making it happen,” said Vettel.
Alonso is expected to return to McLaren, the team he spent a torrid season with in 2007 before falling out with current overall head Ron Dennis.
Ferrari announced the news in two separate statements, the first declaring their relationship with Alonso to be over and the second welcoming the sport’s youngest multiple champion.
Alonso, who won his titles with Renault in 2005 and 2006, had his hopes of taking a third championship with Ferrari repeatedly thwarted by Vettel and his own team’s lack of performance.
The Spaniard leaves after a partnership that brought him 11 wins and 44 podiums.
He came closest to the title in 2010, when he went into the final race as favourite only for a team strategy error to gift the title to Vettel. The German then began a run of four championships in a row.
Alonso was runner-up in 2012 and 2013 but Ferrari have not won a race since the Spaniard was triumphant in Barcelona in May last year and are staring at their first season without a victory since 1993.
“Today is not an easy one for me, because even if I always look to the future with great enthusiasm and determination, at the end of this season my journey as a Ferrari driver will come to an end,” he said.
“It was a difficult decision to take, but a carefully considered one and from start to finish, my love for Ferrari was a prime consideration.
“I have always been lucky enough to make my own decisions about my future and I have that possibility now too,” added the 33-year-old.
Alonso, who said he was proud continued…

RBI unlikely to cut rate in next policy review: SBIchiefSBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya today said RBI may leave interest rate unchanged in the next review. (Reuters)
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:04 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 4:36 pm
Ahead of the monetary policy review, SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya today said RBI may leave interest rate unchanged in the next review but could soften its stance by end of the current fiscal.
“The fact of matter is that all the parameters are indicating that there will be further fall in inflation. Between November and January with the base effect it might go up a little bit. But by March it will be well below whatever the glide path that is indicated by the RBI,” she said.
“RBI Governor has indicated that he will be data driven…may be by the end of the fiscal (cut in the interest rate by RBI),” she added.
Asked if she expected rate cut from RBI next month, she said “no”.
“Base effects will also temper inflation in the next few months only to reverse towards the end of the year. The Reserve Bank will look through base effects,” Governor Raghuram Rajan had said in his monetary policy announcement on September 30.
The RBI, which has been keeping rates at an elevated level citing high inflation, wants it to come down to 6 per cent by January 2016. It is scheduled to come out with its bi-monthly policy announcement on December 2.
Inflation based on the Wholesale Price Index cooled to a 5-year low of 1.77 per cent in October driven by softening prices of fuel and food items. At the same time, retail inflation, based on Consumer Price Index, also eased to 5.52 per cent at end of October.
With moderation in inflation, there is a widespread expectation that RBI will cut interest rate in its upcoming bi-monthly monetary policy.

Need to collapse mental firewall between physical space and digital space: Web safety expert AnneCollierPrint
Indian society need to open up more to digital literacy.
Written by Sanghamitra Mazumdar | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:03 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 8:19 am
Around four years ago, Prof. David Finkelhor, director of the University of New Hampshire’s Crimes Against Children Research Center, coined the term “juvenoia” — mixing ‘juvenile’ and ‘paranoia’ — to define what he called “the exaggerated fear of the influence of social change (including the Internet) on youth”. According to him, while it can’t be denied that Internet has dangers on it, it wouldn’t be right to say it increases dangers. His argument has been “when kids go online, bad things can happen, because they can happen anywhere…”
nne Collier, Co-founder & Co-Director of Connect Safely.org
In these four years, the World Wide Web has only expanded, with more pocket-friendly connected devices flooding the market, and ‘juvenoia’ has become more pronounced. And that is why the ‘problem’ requires a more practical approach now, feels Anne Collier, Co-founder & Co-Director of Connect Safely.org, a non-profit organisation dedicated to raising awareness about Internet safety.
“Rather than restricting or monitoring internet use, parents should let their children discover the net, both good and bad, themselves,” says Anne, who also serves on the Facebook Safety Advisory Board.
“For some reasons, we have this mental firewall, which is very artificial and inaccurate, between physical space and digital space. We need to collapse that firewall and have all the same social norms in the digital space as we have in the physical space,” she says.
Anne lists empathy, resilience, respect for yourself and others, an inner guidance system and literacy — digital, social and media — as the internal safeguards that come into the picture here.
While risks do exist in the virtual world, harassment and cyberbullying being the most common, research has found that not all children or teens are equally at risk and no single technology can end these online risks, says Anne. A child’s psychosocial makeup and the environments at home or school are better predictors of online risk than the technology he or she uses, she says.
“The number one online safety tip for parents is to talk to your kids… ask them what’s their favourite app these days, tell them to show you how they set their privacy settings in the apps and on the devices. Another thing parents can do is let older siblings help the younger ones. Sometimes, children don’t want to tell their parents what they are doing online, but they can talk to an aunt/uncle who is kind of a cool relative, who looks after you but isn’t very heavy handed, and you just trust her/him. That’s a good option for parents. So, it’s more of humanity than technology, because it’s social media,” says Anne.
In the Indian context, says Anne, schools and society have to open up more to digital literacy. Unlike in the US, Australia, and European countries, India does not have a social media research field. Looking at the growing use of Internet among the young population (9 to 16 years), the country needs research on digital media in order to make policy decisions at school level, the government level and also at the family level, feels Anne.
“You need facts, don’t just spread fear. Fear shuts down communication. The news media has got to be responsible about not spreading fear about digital media. Because it does a whole lot of disservice to parents… and it’s highly disrespectful to children,” she says.
With a lot of research going on in several countries, those who do not have a robust valid research can always look at what’s going on in those countries, says Anne. “There is a lot of great knowledge out there that India can tap into as it develops its research fields… But India needs to do its own research too. You are massive, and you have multiple cultures. It will be fascinating to see what is happening in different parts of India in terms of digital media,” says Anne.
Anne, who was in India to address a CBSE principals’ conference on organised by Facebook in Kochi recently, says schools haven’t focused on digital literacy much yet.
Explaining Internet safety, she says there are various aspects of it — physical (physical harm), psychological (social cruelty, harassment, bullying, exposure to potentially harmful content), reputation and identity (harm to identity, reputation, public image) and property (theft of intellectual, digital, financial and physical property).
Though cyberbullying, digital harassment, Internet defamation and online cruelty are a reality, Anne says several online groups are active to counter these — #iCANHELP Delete Negativity on Social Media for example. The campaign was initially started by a group of students in California after a fake Facebook page was created to poke fun at a teacher. The group wanted to bring a wave of change through positive messages. So, when a girl found a hate page on her online, the ‘Positive Warriors’ of #iCANHELP intervened and got the page removed, before creating a fan page for her to let her know she is not alone. #iCANHELP is now spreading and active on Facebook and Twitter.
“See, a vast majority of people in this world are good, they don’t want to see these kind of behaviour… Unfortunately, there are a few sociopaths online who ruin things for a lot of people. They are marginalising themselves, but it’s just that it hasn’t kicked in yet…” says Anne.
To protect teens, Facebook has taken care to see each account is opened using real names and authentic identities — the logic being real names make people accountable for their actions. It is against Facebook terms for anyone under the age of 13 to have an account.
“We aggressively find and remove fake profiles…We prioritise reports — when people are hurt or in danger, those are highest priority,” says a Facebook spokesperson in India. The social networking site has also rolled out ‘social reporting’, which allows teens to notify a parent or a teacher about a potentially abusive content at the same time they notify Facebook.
Teens, social media and digital parenting
Understand their world: For teens, social media is an extension of life — something adults haven’t really been able to accept yet. Just as they interact with friends in school or on the playground, teens will be interacting online. They don’t differentiate between online and offline life. For teens, it’s just life.
Show respect: According to Rosalind Wiseman, an international expert on children, teens and parenting, it’s important to show teens a level of respect as they create a space online that allows them to communicate and express themselves. A parent must monitor their activities but should understand it’s not the place to correct their grammar or criticise their choice of clothes, which may embarrass them.
Talk: It’s important to keep a communication line open with your kids as they grow up. Ask them what they like to do online and learn about new and fun apps and websites. Be open and put across your point clearly, but don’t be judgemental all the time. If you find anything inappropriate in their online behaviour, mention it to them offline.
Catch up: You may need to be one step ahead of them to be able to understand your children’s online behaviour. In case you think you can’t quite follow them, don’t hesitate to educate yourself. There are several search engines for you to get all the knowledge you want. It’s important to know the age restrictions on different social networking sites and use the guidelines for the networks they use. At Facebook, underage activity can be reported, which is reviewed and requisite action taken. In case of younger children, parental controls are a must. Most of the apps, devices and gadgets come with parental controls so that you can manage your child’s online activities. Set time limits and ensure your child develops right online etiquette. As your child gets older, you can start becoming flexible.
Be the guiding light: Stay informed about the websites young people are visiting, activities they are engaging in and the latest online challenges facing them. One of the best pieces of advice to give a teen is to think before they post. It’s important for them to know that anything they post online — Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or any other platform — can be copied and shared immediately. So even if they eventually delete the post, the damage will be done by then. It’s key to talk to teens about privacy settings and the information they share online. And last but not the least, it’s also important to tell them to have some tech-free time once in a while for a balanced life.

Barack Obama set to unveil long-awaited immigration plan; to affect 4 50 000IndiansRepublicans will quickly introduce stand-alone legislation in the first quarter of 2015 that would approve the Keystone XL crude oil pipeline from Canada, testing President Barack Obama's resolve on the project.
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:02 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 4:26 pm
US President Barack Obama will unveil his long-awaited immigration plan, changing rules governing deportations that could affect millions of undocumented immigrants, including 4,50,000 from India. “Everybody agrees that our immigration system is broken.
Unfortunately, Washington has allowed the problem to fester for far too long,” Obama said in a video posted on his Facebook page on Wednesday. His orders will allow up to 4 million undocumented immigrants of the 11 million to get temporary work permits and provide relief to another 1 million through other means, CNN reported.
According to Pew Research Centre, those from neighbouring Mexico are to benefit the most as they account for the maximum number of illegal immigrants in the US. Over 4,50,000 unauthorised Indian immigrants live in the US, constituting four per cent of the total illegal immigrants in the country.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Obama’s executive actions will give illegal immigrants a line to come forward, be recognised, and get in the system.

Not as chilly today  but it wont last. Cold returns tomorrow.By David Streit November 20
TODAY’S DAILY DIGIT
A somewhat subjective rating of the day’s weather, on a scale of 1 to 10.
5/10: Less of a chill gives me a thrill, but colder tomorrow brings only sorrow.
EXPRESS FORECAST
Today: Mainly sunny and dry. Highs: 42-46. | Tonight: Star-filled skies. Lows: 22-29. | Tomorrow: Sunny but breezy. Highs:  34-38.
FORECAST IN DETAIL
Today is a bit of a tease as temps warm by nearly 10 degrees from yesterday (still 10 degrees below normal). But, then, they drop right back down tomorrow. Then the weekend starts a more sustained warm-up. Even better rains should hold off until late Sunday.
The  truly balmy temps hold off until  Monday but there is little time to enjoy as the next cold surge arrives on Tuesday.
Today (Thursday): Sunshine gets top billing but an occasional band of clouds from a system up in Quebec spins through now and then. Highs climb to the mid-40s so look for the winter hardy to start shedding layers. Breezes are just enough to make you think twice about losing the heavier coat, from the west at 10-15 mph. Confidence : High
Tonight: The stars shine bright as the sky remains moonless through the night. Breezes remain noticeable with evening readings back in the 30s.  Lows fall to the 20s. Confidence: High
For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock . Keep reading for the forecast through the weekend…
Tomorrow (Friday): Winds are quite brisk as they usher in the last smidgen of Arctic air to the delight of very few. The ever present sun is no match  for the cold air with highs stuck in the mid-upper 30s  and wind chills in the 20s. Confidence: High
Tomorrow night: Calming winds mean but one thing,  plummeting overnight readings. Hard to tell if the stars are twinkling or it is just your shivering. Lows in the upper teens to mid-20s are likely to dominate the frozen landscape. Confidence: High
Dawn at Lake Mercer, Fairfax Station, from a warmer, earlier time. ( Bruce Sorrell via Flickr )
A LOOK AHEAD
Saturday marks the  beginning of a more substantial warm up. The sun becomes a little more filtered as the day goes on due to increasing high clouds coming off a moisture surge occurring in the middle of the country. No worries about precipitation though as that dry, static cling airmass still dominates. Highs reach the mid-40s. Clouds gradually increase in thickness overnight. This helps cushion the temperature drop with  most areas only reaching the low-to-mid 30s. Confidence: High
Sunday dawns gray and stays that way as showers to the southwest creep ever closer. With any luck they should hold off until late afternoon but there is a 50 percent chance of them arriving before sunset. Increasing winds  from the south do a good job of warming the area even without the sun. Highs should  reach the mid-50s in much of the area. Rains become steady as the night progresses and help to diminish  our November rain deficit if not eradicate it altogether with at least a half inch likely. Temperatures barely budge overnight holding in the lower 50s. Confidence: Medium
Showers are spotty (70 percent chance) at best during the day Monday and with a few breaks in the clouds highs should shock and delight us with mid-to-upper 60s. Do not get too excited though as the next strong cold front comes through that night. Confidence: Medium
For those of you making the mad dash (traveling early-to-middle next week), tell Grandma to get the turkey ready for the oven, as the only potential travel issues look to be in the Pacific Northwest.

Dollar hits new seven-year high against yen  120 level eyed0
"We're drifting off in the dollar and this is just consolidation," said Shaun Osborne, chief currency strategist at TD Securities in Toronto. "All the signs point to a stronger dollar. Oil prices are down, we have a Fed meeting next week and some are pointing to a possible change in language."
Earlier in the session, the dollar soared to a fresh two-year high against the euro, a seven-year high versus the yen and touched a five-year peak versus a currency basket. It also rose to its highest in 15 months versus the pound.
The euro stumbled after a leading European Central Bank policymaker said government bond buying could be valuable in addressing the "massive" weakening of the euro zone economy.
Ewald Nowotny, the Austrian central bank chief, has been a bellwether for shifts in ECB policy, and has been seen as part of the German-led group on the ECB's governing council opposing what is viewed as outright money printing.
The euro fell to a low of $1.2247 after Nowotny's comments, then flat on the day at $1.2284.
"Markets are pretty much pricing in a Fed rate hike by the middle of 2015 and a growing likelihood of the ECB unleashing full scale QE (quantitative easing) in the months ahead," said Joe Manimbo, senior market analyst at Western Union Business Solutions in Washington.
The dollar surged to 121.84 yen, before falling 0.6 percent to 120.84 yen. Dealers said the yen was supported by around $2 billion worth of options expiries at 121.50 yen per dollar, putting a cap on the dollar's strength.
Japan's national election on Dec. 14 is seen as likely to give a boost to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and reflationary policies that should further weaken the yen.
The dollar index climbed as high as 89.550, its highest since March 2009. The index was last at 89.279, slightly lower on the day.
(Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Additional reporting by Patrick Graham in London; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)

AirAsia to launch Southeast Asian air pass...and
versions
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Budget carrier AirAsia said Thursday it will launch a regional air pass next year to increase revenue and boost tourism in Southeast Asia, taking competition in low-cost air travel to a more intense level.
Chief Executive Tony Fernandes said the AirAsia ASEAN Pass will allow travelers to fly to 10 different destinations in Southeast Asia in one month for 499 ringgit ($148), excluding airport taxes.
He said it will be the "catalyst" for increased air travel within Southeast Asia and also lure foreign tourists.
The pass will be sold from Jan. 15 and further details will be announced at the time, officials said.
AirAsia, which has dominated cheap travel in the region for years, faces rising competition from the proliferation of discounts airlines in Asia, the world's biggest and fastest growing air travel market.
Air travel in Asia is expected to grow 6.7 percent annually in the next 20 years, from 780 million passengers in 2010 to some 2.2 billion by 2030. Budget aviation now has a quarter of the air travel market in Asia, and growing.
More and more airlines are scrambling to get into the low-cost market, betting on rising incomes in Asia and more open skies after 2015 when the 10 members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, or ASEAN, aim to create a common economic community.
AirAsia on Wednesday reported an 85 percent fall in its net profit to 5.4 million ringgit ($1.6 million) for the quarter through September, citing higher operating and finance costs.
Its long-haul arm, AirAsia X, posted a net loss of 210.9 million ringgit ($63 million) for the same period, its fourth straight quarterly loss. AirAsia X has announced it will delay delivery of new aircraft in the next three years and cut flights to Australia.               Fernandes said AirAsia X was hit by slumping demand in China and Australia after two major disasters involving Malaysia Airlines planes. It was also hurt as the national carrier lowered fares to boost sales after the tragedies, he said.
In March, Flight 370 from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing disappeared with 239 people on board. A search is ongoing in the southern Indian Ocean where It is presumed to have crashed, though no trace has been found.
In July, 298 people were killed when Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur was shot down over Ukraine.
Fernandes voiced confidence that the airline will return to profitability next year. He said lower jet fuel prices as well as a rebound in demand will boost revenue.

Human rights groups release anti-surveillance tool... 
November 20, 2014 05:23 AM EST | Associated Press
BERLIN (AP) — Four human rights groups have released a tool that lets users check whether their computer has been infected with surveillance software.
Amnesty International says the tool released Thursday, called Detekt, is designed for right activists and journalists but will be freely available to anybody who fears their computer is being used to monitor them.
Developer Claudio Guarnieri, a security researcher based in Germany, says Detekt can currently find eight different pieces of spy software, including FinSpy.
FinSpy, made by German company FinFisher, is sold to governments for criminal investigations. It has also been found on computers used by human rights lawyers and activists in countries such as Bahrain and Ethiopia.
___
Detekt: https://resistsurveillance.org

EU Court adviser backs cap on bank bonuses...and
versions
BRUSSELS (AP) — A key adviser to the European Union's highest court is siding against Britain and wants the EU cap on bankers' bonuses to be maintained.
Advocate General of the European Court of Justice Niilo Jaaskinen suggested Thursday that British attempts to derail the EU financial law "should be rejected," advising the court to dismiss the action.
EU legislation limits banking bonuses at one year's base salary and double that if a large majority of shareholders agree. The advice of the advocate general is confirmed in a majority of cases when the court itself makes a ruling, which is expected within months.
Britain says the rules will lead to an increase in bankers' fixed pay, drive away talent and weaken Europe's financial industry, the heart of which is in London's City.

World stocks dragged down by weak manufacturing...and
versions
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Asian stock markets were lackluster Friday as positive economic news from the U.S. was tempered by weakness in Europe, China and Japan.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 fell 0.8 percent to 17,154.61 while Hong Kong's Hang Seng was up 0.2 percent to 23,389.12. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 dropped 0.2 percent at 5,305.80. Seoul's Kospi added 0.3 percent to 1,964.27. Markets in Southeast Asia were mostly lower.
US DATA: The solid performance of the world's largest economy was the only consolation for investors. Sales of previously occupied homes increased in October on an annual basis for the first time this year while the Labor Department said unemployment figures fell slightly last week. U.S. retailers reported brisk earnings.
WEAK WORLD:  In contrast to the strengthening U.S. economy, a report on business activity in Europe stoked fears that the 18-country eurozone could follow Japan by sliding into recession. A survey by financial information company Markit showed Europe's purchasing managers' index fell to a 16-month low. Europe was not alone with economic troubles. Preliminary results of a Chinese factory survey released Thursday showed manufacturing activity in the world's second-biggest economy fell to a six-month low in November.
WALL STREET: U.S. stocks rebounded Thursday with the Dow Jones industrial average and Standard & Poor's 500 index setting record highs. The S&P 500 index rose 0.2 percent to 2,052.75. The Dow gained 0.2 percent to 17,719. The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite added 0.6 percent to 4,701.87.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude was up 47 cents to $76.32 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract added $1.35 to settle at $75.85 on Thursday. Brent crude, a benchmark for international oils used by many U.S. refineries, rose 29 cents to $79.62 on the ICE Futures exchange in London.
CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 117.74 yen from 118.07 yen late Thursday. The euro edged up to $1.2554 from $1.2547.

EU Court adviser backs cap on bankers bonus...and
versions
BRUSSELS (AP) — A key adviser to the European Union's highest court is siding against Britain and wants the EU cap on bankers' bonuses to be maintained.
Advocate General of the European Court of Justice Niilo Jaaskinen suggested Thursday that British attempts to derail the EU financial law "should be rejected," advising the court to dismiss the action.
EU legislation limits banking bonuses at one year's base salary and double that if a large majority of shareholders agree. The advice of the advocate general is confirmed in a majority of cases when the court itself makes a ruling, which is expected within months.
Britain says the rules will lead to an increase in bankers' fixed pay, drive away talent and weaken Europe's financial industry, the heart of which is in London's City.

Eurozone recovery loses further steam in November...and
versions
LONDON (AP) — Like Japan, the 18-country eurozone faces the real prospect of sliding back into recession, a closely watched survey indicated Thursday, in an another downbeat development that's is likely to ratchet up the pressure on the European Central Bank to enact further stimulus.
Financial information company Markit said its purchasing managers' index for the eurozone, a broad gauge of business activity, fell to a 16-month low of 51.4 points in November from 52.1 in October. Though anything above 50 indicates expansion, the survey suggests a recession isn't far away.
Markit's chief economist Chris Williamson said the decline "raises the risk of the region slipping back into a renewed downturn" and that quarterly growth in the last three months of the year is set to be just 0.1-0.2 percent. Figures last week showed the eurozone grew only 0.2 percent in the third quarter.
Once again, the survey showed France, Europe's second-largest economy, is a source of concern. Though last week's GDP data showed France growing a greater than anticipated 0.3 percent in the third quarter, that was largely due to government spending holding up, not the manufacturing and services sectors that Markit assesses in its survey.
Markit also found that growth in Germany,  Europe's number one economy, has slowed to its weakest pace since the summer of last year, with demand stagnating. And though the rest of the region as a whole continues to outperform the two 'core' countries, Markit noted that even here the rate of expansion has cooled.
Analysts said the paltry pace of the eurozone recovery from recession over the past year and a half is likely to cement market expectations that the European Central Bank will do more to boost economic activity.
Earlier this week, ECB President Mario Draghi said outright purchases of government bonds remain an option for the bank. So-called quantitative easing, or QE, could help keep a lid on borrowing costs for businesses, households and governments as well as help reduce the value of the euro to the benefit of exporters.
"The survey confirms the continued weakness of the eurozone economy, which has spread from the periphery to the core, and clearly supports the case for further policy stimulus," said Jennifer McKeown, senior European economist at Capital Economics.

Govt to relaunch Kisan Vikas Patra on TuesdayGovt to relaunch Kisan Vikas Patra on Tuesday
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 17, 2014  | 20:31 IST
In view of popular demand, the government will on Tuesday relaunch saving instrument Kisan Vikas Patra (KVP), wherein the invested money will get doubled in 8 years and 4 months.
The KVP, which will be relaunched by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley , will be available in the denomination of Rs 1,000; 5,000; 10,000 and 50,000. There will be no upper ceiling on investment.
"Initially, the certificates will be sold through post offices, but the same will soon be made available to the investing public through designated branches of nationalised banks," the Finance Ministry said in a statement.
Investments in KVP will remain under a lock-in for a period of 2.5 years and thereafter in any block of six months on pre-determined maturity value.
The Finance Ministry said that the KVP will not only provide safe and secure investment avenues to the small investors but will also help in augmenting the savings rate in the country.
"The scheme will also safeguard small investors from fraudulent schemes," it said, adding that the certificates will double in value after 8 years 4 months.
The collections under the scheme will be available with the government which will be utilised in financing developmental plans of the Centre and States and will also help in enhancing domestic household financial savings in the country, it said.
The certificates can be issued in single or joint names and can be transferred from one person to any other person / persons, multiple times.
The certificates can be transfered from one post office to another. The certificate can also be pledged as security to avail loans from the banks.
KVP, a certificate savings scheme was launched in April, 1988 and money used to get doubled in 5.5 years. However, the scheme was discontinued in November 2011.
Jaitley in his Budget speech had announced that KVP would be relaunched.

Zomato raises over Rs 365 crore from three investorsUpdated: November 19, 2014 22:44 IST
Zomato raises over Rs 365 crore from three investors
Sanjay Vijayakumar
Online restaurant guide Zomato is one of the first Internet companies out of India with a consumer product that is scaling on a global basis.
TOPICS
Online restaurant search and discovery firm Zomato has raised $60 million from its biggest shareholder Info Edge (India) Ltd. and Vy Capital. Existing investor Sequoia Capital also participated in the latest round, which values the firm at $660 million.
Zomato will use the funds to accelerate global expansion and new product development.
In a stock exchange filing, Info Edge said it had committed an additional investment of Rs.185 crore in Zomato Media Private Ltd. (which owns and operates www.zomato.com).
It also said it would be investing with two other investors, which aggregates to Rs.370 crore, and involves purchase of shares from certain existing investors. Info Edge said it would be subscribing/purchasing equity shares and convertible preference shares of Zomato Media Private Limited.
With the latest round of funding, Zomato has so far raised over $113 million. It had earlier raised $53 million from Info Edge and Sequoia Capital over multiple rounds of funding. Info Edge said it had so far pumped in Rs.327 crore in Zomato Media, and post the current round, it would maintain its stake at 50.1 per cent on a fully converted and diluted basis.
Zomato provides up-to-date detailed information, menus and photos for over 300,000 restaurants across 18 countries. “We accelerate our way across the globe, and build a product that will continue to redefine the way people dine,” Zomato founder and CEO Deepinder Goyal said in a statement.
“Our first investment in Zomato was made almost four years ago, and the team has shown phenomenal progress since then to build Zomato that we know and use. The company is growing very fast, and we are proud to back them up to further grow the business — both inside and outside of India,” Info Edge founder Sanjeev Bikhchandani said in a statement.

Zoho launches suite of application for SMBsUpdated: November 19, 2014 22:56 IST
Zoho launches suite of application for SMBs
Staff Reporter
new product
Chennai-based Zoho Corporation, on Wednesday, launched Zoho.in, a suite of application for the domestic businesses. In a move to attract more customers, the company will offer various software packages for free for the first 25 users in any business.
As part of the free suite, Zoho will help domestic businesses register a free.in or .co.in domain. Apart from the free domain registration, it will offer a website creation application, e-mail hosting application, and document management and office suite apps. The company feels that the SMB segment in the country will drive growth. Zoho gets around 80 per cent of its overall revenue from the SMB segment. “We are focusing on the micro, small and medium businesses. The SMB segment has seen an unprecedented growth over the last decade, and cannot be ignored. We are trying to create a new market,” said Zoho Corporation founder and CEO Sridhar Vembu.
Through the free package, the company believes that it can penetrate in the domestic market and attract more users on to the Zoho’s paid cloud platforms over the years.
“With the free packages offered to businesses, we want SMBs to use our services and understand our products. Once they get used to our services, we believe, they will avail themselves of our other paid services which are cost effective solution for Indian SMBs,” Mr. Sridhar Vembu added. The company, which competes with global majors such as Microsoft, Google among others, has around 10 million users globally, out of which only five per cent is based in India.
As part of the new strategy, the company is planning to set up a local data centre in Chennai by March next. At present, the company has two data centres in the U.S., and is in the process of setting another one in China.
Other than opening a local data centre, the company, which employs 2,500 people, is in the process of moving its operations to a new 28 acre campus in Chennai.

Axis Bank steps up retail unsecured loanUpdated: November 19, 2014 22:52 IST
Axis Bank steps up retail unsecured loan
Indrani Dutta
Axis Bank is planning a 10 per cent increase in its branch network, but has no plans to expand its footprints overseas, Group Executive and Head (Retail Banking) Rajiv Anand said.
The bank is also open to taking the inorganic route to increase its unsecured retail loan portfolio.
On the branch network, Mr. Anand said the bank at present had 2,500 branches, and would set up 250 more, With 13,146 outlets, the bank also boasts the largest ATM network after the State Bank of India. Retail operations were a thrust area for the bank.
At present 80 per cent of the bank’s retail lending portfolio was secured, and the bank was now open to increase the unsecured portion, he said.
On the progress on Jan Dhan accounts, he said so far two lakh accounts had been opened.

NTPC floats Round 2 of EoI for acquisitionUpdated: November 19, 2014 23:03 IST
NTPC floats Round 2 of EoI for acquisition
Special Correspondent
company information
NTPC has opened itself up for the second round of inviting expressions of interest (EoI) for possible acquisition of power plants.
It had invited bids in the first round in February and seven bids have been short-listed, according to sources. It now says that SEBs, independent power producers, power plant developers and captive power producers could offer their coal-based thermal power projects for possible acquisition by NTPC.
Operational, commissioned, synchronised under construction and under planning projects could be offered based on domestic, imported as well as a mix of the two.

Flipkart  Myntra  Urban Ladder look to entrepreneurs to helm key functionsUber cabs rape case: Govt cracks down, bans Delhi operations; India blow looms
Having roped in college graduates both from home and abroad, home-grown e-tailers like Flipkart, Myntra and Urban Ladder are now scouting for former entrepreneurs to fill their top ranks. The rationale is clear: Given how they’ve built businesses from scratch, such entrepreneurs are able to mesh with the start-up fabric. At the same time, being responsible for a vertical gives them a sense of ownership. Flipkart has nearly 10 such entrepreneurs, mostly in senior management positions, handling diverse roles across verticals such as technology, supply chain, marketing and retail.
Having built a business themselves, the entrepreneurs are drawn to e-retailers because they get a free hand to run the operations. Besides, working with a challenging and aspiring peer group also adds to the charm at a time when e-commerce companies are setting themselves ambitious targets.
For instance, Ranjith Boyanapalli, founder of online marketplace BuyThePrice, which was acquired by Tradus, went on to become a director at Flipkart, heading its B2B business and the gift cards category.
Dhaval Gat launched Transgenez, a KPO, in 2009 but left three years later owing to differences with investors. In April 2012, Gat joined Flipkart and has risen in the ranks. “I was head of operational excellence for the supply chain vertical but three months later I was heading the operations. Also, I was manning the chief of staff role, which included strategic planning, executing the key programmes, acting as an adviser,” Gat said. He also heads customer support and experience at Flipkart.
Close to a fifth of online furniture store Urban Ladder’s team comprises former entrepreneurs, some handling key portfolios like sourcing and engineering. “We believe entrepreneurs come with a lot of learning and experience that helps them take independent and quick decisions and lead teams more effectively,” said COO Rajiv Srivatsa. Rushab Sanghvi, vice-president, category management at Urban Ladder, had launched The Stiff Collar, an online apparel store, with a group of friends in 2010. They parted ways two years later and Sanghvi, who knew Urban Ladder co-founder Ashish Goel personally, chose to join the furniture e-tailer.
According to Ritika Walia, business head, Designer Corner, Myntra, who had launched a fashion portal for designer wear, PRET-AMODA, in 2009, “It’s important the vision of the individual and the company are the same. The environment should facilitate the creativity required for that vision.”
Pooja Gupta, Myntra’s vice-president for human resources, pointed out that there were a handful of entrepreneurs with experience working across various departments. “Most of them handle mid- to senior-level management roles and manage a team. These entrepreneurs can work across functions, under constraints and are not single-domain specialists. They are highly ambitious, open to experiments and willing to work with limited resources,” Gupta said.
Ravi Gururaj, chairman, Nasscom Product Council, believes those who start a company, even if they fail, are able to take decisions making and work with limited resources. “They are agile thinkers, move fast and don’t mind working for others. So the traffic is both ways. They learn a lot during the entrepreneurship days and then go back to a job which is normal and is great news for companies,” Gururaj pointed out.
TAGS: Flipkart Myntra Urban Ladder
More from companies

Anonymous e-mail claims inaction by Infosys against CFO on overbilling AppleUber cabs rape case: Govt cracks down, bans Delhi operations; India blow looms
The abrupt exit of Infosys BPO chief executive officer (CEO) and chief financial officer (CFO) has raised further questions on the procedures and financial controls at India’s second-largest IT services exporter, according to an anonymous e-mail sent to media houses here. The e-mail claims that the issue relating to over-billing of Infosys BPO customer — Apple — over a period of 18 months had the oversight of the top management.
“This is a very serious failure of internal controls and procedures. When the management knew about this several months ago, why proper disclosure on lack of internal controls was made in the filings with SEC. The CEO and CFO of the group certifies under section 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley act on the effectiveness of internal controls in all its filings with SEC,” the e-mail said.
An Infosys spokesperson in reply to FE queries said, “The financial irregularities are not material in nature and the company has already made the required disclosures. The company has taken disciplinary action on employees. We will not be able to comment on client specific matters or on investigation as they are confidential in nature.
The anonymous e-mail claimed that the there was inaction on part of Infosys against the Group CFO of the company as he did not identify and report these alleged internal controls weakness.
TAGS: Apple Infosys
More from companies

Jolla smartphone review: The rebel oneiBall Slide WQ149 review: The keyboard is a good idea, but this tab is far from perfect
With a flurry of phones making their way into the Indian market, consumers are looking at more unique products be it design or feature-wise. This is where Jolla fills the void. The Finnish startup has recently introduced a smartphone into the market powered by the all new self-developed Sailfish OS (Linux-based) offering consumers an alternative to Android, Windows Phone, BlackBerry and iOS platforms.
Why are we calling it the rebel one? That is a small note in history which says—Jolla was founded by former-Nokia employees involved with the development of MeeGo OS and the ill-fated Nokia N9 phone it powered. The group of employees decided to take forward the Linux-based OS to the next level and ensure that it doesn’t die a death of oblivion following Nokia’s abandonment of MeeGo and then finally the company ending up being bought over by Microsoft. Another interesting fact about Jolla is that it launched the phone in India knowing fully well that the large share of the still maturing smartphone market is dominated by Google’s Android OS.
Before getting into the specifications and other details about the phone it is important to understand that Jolla offers something unique. The phone operates only on gestures and the company claims that the phone can be used with only one hand curtailing the fussy handling of several rival companies. Here is what we found about Jolla once we took a sneak peek under the hood.
Design: Well, Jolla isn’t a pretty girl but it is not downright ugly as well. It looks more like a muscle-boy built in two parts kind of like a sandwich. The front half has rounded sides and is flat on the top and bottom, while the other half is just the opposite making the look a lot like the Nokia N9. Although the phone has no touch buttons at the front in the lower panel or at the side, there is a lot of plastic around the screen making the front face totally blank. A notification LED is cleverly disguised on the lower front and the physical buttons and ports are all in predictable places on the top and right but as mentioned earlier all software interaction happens using gestures.
Display: Surprisingly the Jolla delivers more than expected picture quality. It sports a 4.5 inch qHD display with an IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen with 16M colours that delivers 245 ppi pixel density. Also, Jolla uses a multitouch input method for its touchscreen with a maximum upto five fingers. Coming to the camera, the phone features an 8 MP rear camera alongside an LED flash, and a 2 MP front-facing camera as well. Although the camera app offers a number of granular settings but misses out on Panorama and HDR modes. It takes decent pictures and selfies in daylight and the back camera also supports full HD video recording but the quality is not excellent.
Hardware and performance: Don’t undermine the phone just by its simple sandwich looks. With a 1.4 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 dual-core processor and 1GB of RAM under the hood, the Jolla comes with 16 GB storage expandable via microSD card to 64 GB. Almost 13.7 GB storage is available to the end users after the purchase. Navigating across the home screen, launching and switching between apps appeared to be very smooth. In short, the hardware is well optimised for the Jolla OS and you don’t come across stutter or lag while using native apps. Casual Android games like Cut the Rope and Subway Surfers run smoothly but we were not able to install games such as Riptide GP 2 or Asphalt 8 due to requirement of additional files not available via third-party Android app stores.
Connectivity: The phone supports 2G, 3G and also 4G via any micro-SIM. It also sports Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and USB along with the NFC feature. The phone comes with GPS and A-GPS for navigation and maps and was easily able to lock a signal. Coming to battery life, the 2100mAh battery of the phone helps in achieving a respectable backup. With the phone’s brightness set to automatic and intermittent use of WiFi and 3G, the phone lasted a full day (9-10 hours) with usage comprising few hours of phone calls, casual gaming, an hour of web browsing and accessing Twitter and Facebook, in addition to clicking a few pictures.
Software:  This is the most strongest and most unique feature of the phone. It operates on the Sailfish OS—an open source platform based on MeeGo that also supports Android apps. The navigation is totally gesture based, somewhat like BlackBerry 10. The user unlocks the phone via a double tap gesture and then navigates across three different screen panels—the lock screen displays the time, notifications and status bars, the second one is the Home screen that presents a live view of running apps and the third one is Launcher that features app shortcuts. To exit apps users need to swipe from the left edge towards the right or vice versa, explore additional options and settings by swiping towards the bottom and get notifications by swiping towards the top. Swiping to the left takes the user back a step in navigation.
The phone ships with the Jolla store and some preloaded Android apps including Twitter, WhatsApp, Facebook, Instagram and Snapdeal apps. The Android apps come with a navigation bar with a back button but also support the swipe to exit gesture. Another core strength of Jolla is its integrated Messages app. It reminds you of the Windows Phone messaging app but this one also brings in support for Google Hangouts in addition to Facebook Messenger and XMPP-based services. Messages are received and send instantly and you can see all your communication threads on a single screen.
Verdict: A value for money experimental product that can soon became a wide sensation due to the gesture-based approach.
Estimated street price: Rs 16,499
TAGS: Jolla Jolla Sailfish OS
More from tech

I gave you a chance to become Mrs Khan  you chose to be Mrs Kapoor: Salman Khan to Katrina KaifPrint
Reportedly, Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif have finally moved in together.
By: Entertainment Feature Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 11:30 am | Updated: November 21, 2014 12:56 pm
Pictures of Salman Khan dancing to the tunes of ‘Chikni Chameli’ with ex-girlfriend Katrina Kaif were all over yesterday and people were quite kicked about the fact that there is no animosity between the two exes and all was well.
But Salman Khan had to really work hard for that one dance with Ms Kaif at his sister Arpita Khan’s wedding. Salman, who along with good friend Aamir was on stage performing, decided to invite Katrina on stage – since her famous song ‘Chikni Chameli’ was being played.
You don’t believe us, watch this video:
Salman Khan, being the ‘Dabangg’ Khan he is, requested Katrina to come on stage for the dance. But Katrina was too shy to dance in front of thousands of guests. (Especially when her current beau Ranbir wasn’t even there)
An embarrassed Katrina hid behind Karan Johar (producer of ‘Agneepath’) but Salman Khan requested Karan to bring her on stage – “Karan please come here, and bring Katrina Kaif on stage…’
Seeing Katrina’s reluctance to join her ex-beau on stage, Salman teased Katrina and addressed her as ‘Katrina Kaif .. Kapoor’. And then the pretty lady gave up and decided to shake a leg with Sallu.
And it was then that Salman surprised one and all with this statement: ‘Mai kya karoon… itna bada chance miss kiya Khan hone ka (You missed the golden chance to become Khan).”
Salman Khan fans would have loved to see this lovely couple together in real life too. But Ms Kaif seems really happy with Ranbir and if reports are to be believed then Ranbir and Katrina will be tying the knot in 2015.

Coal scam: Court orders further probe against firm  othersPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:30 pm
A special court on Thursday ordered further investigation in a coal scam case involving a private firm and three persons in which the CBI had filed a closure report while the special public prosecutor (SPP) had differed with the agency and favoured their prosecution.
Special CBI judge Bharat Parashar directed the investigating officer to further probe the matter and file a progress report in the court on December 19.
“Vide separate detailed order matter has been sent for further investigation. Put up for filing of progress report regarding further probe on December 19,” the court said.
It added that after filing of the progress report, it would consider on the point of taking cognisance of the alleged offences against the accused.
CBI has filed a closure report in the matter in which it had lodged an FIR against Nagpur-based businessman Manoj Jayaswal, JAS Infrastructure and Power Ltd, Abhishek Jayaswal and Anand Jayaswal for alleged irregularities by the firm in acquiring coal blocks.
On October 27, SPP R S Cheema had differed with CBI’s conclusion seeking closure of the case saying the court should proceed against the accused.
He had said there was evidence against the accused and if the court feels, it can take cognisance on CBI’s closure report in which the agency has said that “no prosecutable evidence” was found against the company and others, arrayed as accused in its FIR.
The SPP, however, had clarified that no tangible evidence could be found against officials of the Coal Ministry.
On October 14, CBI had filed a revised closure report in the court.
This had come after the court had earlier observed that the probe was “incomplete” and nothing was clear in CBI’s closure report and it was irked over the agency adopting different yardsticks in different cases and not following a uniform policy in its investigation.
CBI had earlier told the court that during its probe, it had not found misrepresentation of facts by JAS Infrastructure and Power Limited.
It had lodged an FIR in the case on the allegation that the company had not disclosed to the Coal Ministry that it was already in possession of coal blocks.
The company allegedly signed memorandum of understanding for small periods with a number of companies and added their equity to project their sound financial status at the time of application for coal blocks, CBI had said in its FIR.
However, during the investigation, CBI could not find any “prosecutable evidence” against the firm and others and filed a closure report in the case.
The court had earlier sought to know from CBI whether there was “transparency” in the screening committee’s decision recommending allocation of coal blocks to JAS Infrastructure and Power Ltd.

Narendra Modi s divide and rule weakens Coal India unions as strike loomsCurrent account deficit rises to 2.1 pct in Q2 as gold imports soar
A rift between the five powerful labour unions at Coal India Ltd is set to clear the way for Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government to complete a stake sale in the state company that is critical to hitting budget targets.
One of the unions, close to Modi’s nationalist party, says it has the backing of half of Coal India’s 370,000 workers and will not join a strike on Monday to oppose plans to sell 10 percent of the firm and let private firms to mine and sell coal.
“A strike is not the right process to get your demands met,” Baij Nath Rai, president of the Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh (BMS) trade union, told Reuters.
The sale could fetch a third of the government’s $9.5 billion annual divestment target. Asset sales are running behind schedule, pressuring a deficit target of 4.1 percent of GDP for the fiscal year to March.
Officials have marketed the sale in the United States and roadshows will follow this week in London and Singapore. But no date has been set for the actual launch of the sale, sources with knowledge of the matter said.
The Coal India offering would follow a 5 percent stake sale in state-controlled Oil and Natural Gas Corp, worth $2.8 billion and slated for December.
SECOND TIME LUCKY
Last year the unions thwarted the previous government’s attempt to sell a stake. Officials are now counting on Modi’s clout to push the sale through as part of broader efforts to end India’s coal production crisis.
The unions rarely break ranks. With the BMS staying away, union leaders and company officials told Reuters the one-day strike is likely to have little impact on Coal India’s daily output of up to 1.5 million tonnes.
The BMS is part of the same Hindu nationalist umbrella group to which Modi’s ruling Bharatiya Janata Party belongs.
“The divestment will go through soon and worker unions will come on board. Coal India officials are in talks with them,” said a senior government official.
But the official, who declined to be named before an official announcement, said the government did not believe in “steamrolling” anyone and was working on other ways to make the strike fail. He did not elaborate.
A senior Coal India official said the BJP’s election victory in May had boosted the BMS’s influence over other unions, helping stem opposition to government measures and curb output losses.
“We don’t want to quarrel with the BMS but their leadership is under pressure,” said Jibon Roy, general secretary of the All India Coal Workers Federation.
“We oppose divestment, we oppose commercial mining by private firms, and we oppose anything that will lead to the demise of Coal India and bring slavery to India”.
TAGS: Coal India Narendra Modi
More from economy

India added 18 million mobile phones users last quarter  will have 45% on LTE by 2020: Ericsson Mobility ReportJaguar Land Rover launches new variant of Jaguar XF at Rs 45.12 lakh
India is leading mobility growth globally and has the fastest growth for new mobile subscriptions with 18 million net additions in Q3 2014, according to the Ericsson Mobility Report. This is a substantial chunk of the 180 million connections added globally, just under rest of Asia (excluding China) and Africa as a whole, and largest for any country.
However, the most interesting aspect of this growth will be that by 2020, 45 per cent of the country’s population will be covered by LTE. At present the number under LTE in India is insignificant. By then, more than 95 per cent of the Indian population will be covered through GSM/EDGE technology, and over 90 per cent on WCDMA/HSPA networks, says the report. Globally, the growth of LTE will be at the cost GSM/EDGE, shows the report.
The report says “mobile data user demographics are evolving fast in India, with mobile broadband starting to bridge the digital divide  between the rural and urban populations”. “Mobile data usage and services are becoming increasingly mainstream, with a growing proportion of people from lower-income groups now downloading apps and streaming video content from the internet using mobile devices,” it adds.
The report shows that mobile usage is becoming increasingly data driven. In fact, mobile broadband users now send 40 out of every 100 messages through instant messaging apps, rather than SMS, thanks to lower cost, ease of use, ease of content sharing, and a better overall user experience.
Similarly, on an average, 3G smartphone users download 10 new apps per month, of which chat and gaming apps account for more than 35 percent while 61 percent of mobile broadband users are more willing to pay extra for an improved indoor connectivity experience, 80 per cent of mobile broadband users in India want to pay more for rich experience indoors.
TAGS: India Mobile Phone Users
More from industry

2G scam case: Allegations against CBI chief Ranjit Sinha has some credibility  says SCCurrent account deficit rises to 2.1 pct in Q2 as gold imports soar
Twelve days before his retirement, CBI Director Ranjit Sinha today suffered a major blow when the Supreme Court removed him from the 2G scam case, saying the allegations against him of protecting some accused appears to be “prima facie credible”.
The apex court, in an unprecedented order, handed over the case to the senior-most officer after Sinha in the 2G scam investigating team.
A bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu, however, refused to pass an elaborate order on the issue saying that it would “tarnish” the “image and reputation” of the premier agency.
The fate of the top cop, who is due to retire on December 2, in the case became abundantly clear when the bench, also comprising justices M B Lokur and A K Sikri, before rising for the lunch break, asked senior advocate Vikas Singh, appearing for Sinha, about various options.
The court said it did not want to pass an elaborate order, because it would be against the interest and image of the agency.
“Prima facie the allegations made in the application(by NGO Centre for Public Interest Litigation) are credible and required to be accepted,” the bench observed.
However, his counsel insisted that the allegations levelled against Sinha of scuttling the 2G probe were “untrue”.
The CBI chief’s role was criticised by the apex court- appointed Special Public Prosecutor Anand Grover and counsel appearing for CBI, K K Venugopal, also raised questions on Sinha naming a senior IPS officer as mole in the team.
The apex court also recalled its earlier order by which it directed the NGO to disclose the name of whistleblower who had provided documents and visitors diary of Sinha’s residence.
 
TAGS: 2G Scam Prashant Bhushan Ranjit Sinha Supreme Court
More from economy

Kim Kardashian s India tour called off  wont be entering Bigg BossThe India trip of American reality TV star Kim Kardashian has reportedly been cancelled over visa issues. “Unfortunately, Kim will not be able to enter the country due to some visa issue”, said a source.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:25 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 4:01 pm
The India trip of American reality TV star Kim Kardashian has reportedly been cancelled over visa issues. “Unfortunately, Kim will not be able to enter the country due to some visa issue”, said a source.
However, the exact reason behind cancellation has not been disclosed. “The reason is not clear but all we know is that there was some visa issue which she could not fulfill and the trip has been cancelled,” the source added.
The 34-year-old star, who shot to fame with TV series “Keeping Up with the Kardashians”, was supposed to come to the country to promote her new fragrance Fleur Fatale. The reality TV star is on a world tour for its promotional activities.
Kim Kardashian had a packed schedule for her India trip, which included making an appearance in Salman Khan-hosted reality show “Bigg Boss 8”. But that’s gone down the drain with the cancelled trip.

I am not insecure: Sonakshi Sinha on working with other actressesPrint
Sonakshi Sinha will be seen sharing screen-space with Yami Gautam and Manasvi Mamgai in her upcoming film 'Action Jackson' but the actress says she has no qualms about doing a movie with two other female stars as she is very secure about herself.
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:08 pm
Sonakshi Sinha will be seen sharing screen-space with Yami Gautam and Manasvi Mamgai in her upcoming film ‘Action Jackson’ but the actress says she has no qualms about doing a movie with two other female stars as she is very secure about herself.
The 27-year-old actress says she is happy to finally be a part of a multi-starrer film, which also has Ajay Devgn in it. “I think I have established my name in the industry in a way that I am not insecure of the fact that the film has two other heroines. I genuinely liked the role and just because there are two more heroines, I can’t say no to a film. This is the first time I am working in a multi-starrer. It was a fun film to be involved with,” Sonakshi said.
‘Action Jackson’ is an action comedy directed by Prabhudeva. Sonakshi , who has previously collaborated with the choreographer-director in ‘Rowdy Rathore’ and ‘R… Rajkumar’, said the upcoming movie is a typical commercial film, which Prabhudeva is best known for.
“It is a typical Prabhu sir film full of entertainment and masala. When I was offered the film, Prabhu sir told me he is looking for someone who has a good comic timing. This film gave me an opportunity to play a character which is overloaded with comedy,” the ‘ Dabangg ‘ actress said.
Besides, making potboilers, Prabhudeva is also known for his quirky choreography of his songs. Sonakshi said since she has worked with Prabhu several times, she had no problem picking up the moves but her-co-star Devgn was initially struggling with the dancing.
“I love dancing and I don’t see it as a task. It is my passion too. So I pick up Prabhu sir’s steps quickly. As we know Ajay sir does not like dancing and he tried to keep away from it. But Prabhu sir is a brilliant choreographer and he knows the limitations of a person.
“He designed steps according to Ajay’s comfort. He was little hesitant before doing the steps but finally continued…

SC directs CBI chief to not interfere in 2G scam caseSupreme Court removes CBI chief Ranjit Sinha from 2G scam probe
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 17:20 IST
CBI Director Ranjit Sinha at India Today Conclave (File Photo)
CBI Director Ranjit Sinha suffered a major blow on Thursday, just twelve days before his retirement, when the Supreme Court removed him from the 2G scam case, saying the allegations against him of protecting some accused appeared to be prima facie credible.
The SC, in an unprecedented order, handed over the case to the senior-most officer after Sinha in the 2G scam investigating team.
A bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu and comprising of comprising justices MB Lokur and AK Sikri, however, refused to pass an elaborate order on the issue saying that it would tarnish the image and reputation of the investigation agency.
The fate of the CBI chief, who is due to retire on December 2, in the case became abundantly clear when the apex court bench, before rising for the lunch break, asked Sinha's lawyer, senior advocate Vikas Singh, about various options.
The apex court said it did not want to pass an elaborate order, because it would be against the interest and image of the agency. Prima facie the allegations made in the application (by NGO Centre for Public Interest Litigation) are credible and required to be accepted, the bench observed.
However, Sinha's counsel insisted that the allegations levelled against him of scuttling the 2G probe were untrue.
The CBI chief's role was criticised by the apex court-appointed Special Public Prosecutor Anand Grover and counsel appearing for CBI, KK Venugopal, also raised questions on Sinha naming a senior IPS officer as mole in the team.
The SC also recalled its earlier order by which it directed the NGO to disclose the name of whistleblower who had provided documents and visitors diary of Sinha's residence.

Sensex  Nifty close higher amid volatile tradeMarket update: BSE Sensex recovers 35 points, Nifty reclaims 8,400-level
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 17:02 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex on Thursday snapped three-day falls to close 35 points higher at 28,067.56 powered by a late spurt in bluechips, led by Infosys, TCS, Cipla and SBI, amid the rupee breaching 62-mark against US dollar.
After surging to 28,118.53 points at the outset on emergence of buying, the 30-share barometer fell back to an intra-day low of 27,915.23 on some profit-taking.
A late round of buying helped the BSE index reclaim the 28,000-mark and it settled 34.71 points (or 0.12 per cent) higher at 28,067.56. The gauge had lost 145 points in previous two sessions.
Similarly the National Stock Exchange (NSE) index Nifty reclaimed the 8,400-mark by rising 19.60 points (or 0.23 per cent) to end at 8,401.90. The 50-issue NSE index shuttled between 8,353.15 and 8,410.85 intra-day. It had shed 48.45 points in the previous two sessions.
Gains in the key stock market indices were powered by Cipla that climbed 3.23 per cent after the drugmaker announced a pact with Serum Institute of India for distribution of paediatric vaccines in Europe.
Shares of Infosys and TCS gained 1 per cent each after the rupee weakened to a nine-month low of Rs 62.25 (intra-day) against the dollar at Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market. IT firms revenues are denominated in US dollar and a weak rupee boosts margins.
Among the 30 Sensex scrips, 16 stocks ended with gains while 14 finished in the negative zone. Other bluechip gainers included SBI, Wipro, Tata Power, ICICI Bank, HDFC, Hindalco, ITC, ONGC, RIL, HUL and CIL.
Sensex laggards included Sesa Sterlite, NTPC, BHEL, M&M, Bharti Airtel, HDFC Bank, Tata Steel, GAIL and L&T.
Similar to last 3-4 trading sessions, markets opened almost flat over Wednesday's closing levels and remained sideways in a very narrow range throughout the trading session, said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio Ltd.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 71.80 crore on Wednesday, according to data provided by stock exchanges.
Sectorally, the BSE IT Index gained the most by surging 1.27 per cent, followed by Healthcare (0.98 per cent), FMCG index (0.39 per cent) and Banking index (0.37 per cent).
On the other hand, the BSE Consumer Durables barometer fell 1.72 per cent, followed by BSE Realty and Metal index, which lost 1.52 per cent and 0.84 per cent respectively.

Now  you can resume sharing URLs in Twitter via DMsNow, you can resume sharing URLs in Twitter via direct messages
ANI     Washington   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 16:49 IST
Photo: Reuters
Twitter users can now resume sharing URLs via the social network's DMs (direct messages).
According to The Verge, for over a year, the micro-blogging service's support page contained a message stating that the company was restructuring backend elements of their messaging system, resulting in a possible inability to DM links.
The company said last week that Twitter users would soon be able to share and discuss tweets "natively and privately" via direct messages.

WPI inflation to remain range bound at 1.8-2% during Nov:D&BAccording to the report, going forward, inflationary pressures in some items may increase due to slight improvement in demand. (Reuters)
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:12 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 4:33 pm
The broad based slowdown in inflation trajectory is likely to continue amid declining global oil prices and the headline WPI inflation is expected to remain range bound at 1.8-2 per cent during November, says a report.
“The downward spiral in global crude oil prices along with the base effect has provided some relief to the government which has been struggling to keep the inflationary pressures at bay,” Dun & Bradstreet India Senior Economist Arun Singh said.
According to the report, going forward, inflationary pressures in some items may increase due to slight improvement in demand. Moreover, waning of base effect might also lead to reversal of inflation rate.
D&B expects the headline WPI inflation to remain range bound at 1.8 per cent- 2 per cent during November 2014.
“Estimated lower food crop production during this year along with waning base effect has the potential to reverse the inflation rate,” Singh said.
The report noted that falling inflation levels should not divert the government’s attention from focusing on addressing supply-side measures to tackle prices as only sustainable easing of inflation and inflationary pressures will make RBI decide in favour of bringing down policy rate.
“While the Government has no doubt taken steps towards ushering in fiscal discipline and creating an environment conducive to business, structural reforms and monetary policy needs to move in tandem to shift the economy back on the path of sustainable growth,” the report said.
Driven by softening prices of fuel and food items, the WPI inflation cooled to a five year low of 1.77 per cent in October.
The decline in Wholesale Price Index (WPI) based inflation stood at 2.38 per cent in September.
Retail inflation hit a record low of 5.52 per cent in October.
The WPI inflation, which fell for the fifth month in a row, was at 7.24 per cent in October 2013.

Are these little kids invisible or you are blind A Pakistani video forces you tothinkPrint
We often turn blind eye to the issues we don't have solutions for.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:10 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 4:14 pm
We often turn blind eye to the issues we don’t have solutions for. So what do we do then? Well, we just have to THINK. A Pakistani NGO Zara Sochiye is driven by the similar sentiment. It pricks the conscience of general public in Pakistan and makes them aware about the social issues.
Child labour is one such issue that is bogging down the country. There is one world, where children from well-off families struggle to keep their eyes open when they are woken up by their parents early morning to get ready for the school. And then there are children who are waiting for others to open their eyes to their problems. They are child labourers.

Watch: Saif Ali Khan in quest of a  Happy Ending  makes fun of himselfThe alter ego is called 'Yogi' and features in his movie 'Happy Ending' that releases tomorrow.
By: Entertainment Feature Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:43 pm
Saif Ali Khan is back and how! Known for his self deprecating humour, Saif hits it out at himself for all the wrongs he might have done in his past and more importantly, the recent past in this video.
Being interviewed by his alter-ego, he gets speechless at all the awkwards questions and comments. From stating that he started acting only in 2001 when he did ‘Dil Chahta Hai’ or making a sly remark about Rakhi Sawant, Saif is all up and about and fully equiped with his armoury. Inundated with quite a few slang words, this video is worth a watch.

Learn from RSS  Karat tells unionsNEW DELHI, November 20, 2014
Updated: November 20, 2014 01:16 IST
Learn from RSS, Karat tells unions
Anita Joshua
ommunist Party of India (Marxist) general secretary Prakash Karat. File photo
TOPICS
parties and movements
“The war against neo-liberalism and communalisation cannot be waged separately”
At a time when a broad political coalition is being attempted against communalisation, Communist Party of India (Marxist) general secretary Prakash Karat on Wednesday said communal forces cannot be weeded out only through elections and urged trade unions to learn from the way the RSS has made inroads into every walk of life.
Delivering the third M.K. Pandhe lecture on ‘Communalism and the Working Class’ organised by the Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU), Mr. Karat said the twin onslaught of neo-liberalism and communal forces has to be waged in an integrated manner. “The war against neo-liberalism and communalisation cannot be waged separately, they have to be integrated.”
Flagging the social welfare measures that are being diluted by the Narendra Modi Government, he said this had to be challenged along with communalism.The RSS runs a coaching centre for Civil Service Examination aspirants, he added to underline the manner in which the Sangh has spread itself wide and deep.

Pakistan: Aziz faces flak for remarks on selectively targeting militantsBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:02 am
Pakistan National Security Advisor Sartaj Aziz faced flak from the opposition in the Senate for his remarks that there is no reason for the country to target militants who do not pose a direct threat to it.
In an interview to BBC Urdu, Aziz said that his country was not going to attack militants who do not “pose a threat to the state.”
The remarks raised doubts about Pakistan’s policy against militants. The statement was reminiscent of country’s premier spy agency ISI’s alleged distinction between the “good” and “bad” Taliban.
The opposition in Senate sought an explanation through a calling attention notice today.
Pakistan People’s Party (PPP) leader senator Farhatullah Babar moved a ‘calling attention notice’ in the Senate over the issue.
“Attention is drawn to a matter of sufficient public importance namely the Advisor’s interview to the BBC on November 17, 2014 admitting the selective nature of operation against militant groups, taking on some while leaving others,” the notice said.
Babar said that the statement is a reversal of the stated policy of across the board action against all militants reiterated recently also by the security establishment.
“A disturbing distinction has been made between militants challenging the state of Pakistan and those, using Pakistan’s soil to launch violent operations against other states in the region,” he said in the notice.
“It exposes Pakistan to the charge that it is running with the hare and hunting with the hound in the fight against militants,” he said.
The notice said that, “this highly disturbing admission at the highest level of policy formulation of turning a blind eye to non-state actors bent upon destabilising foreign states through violent means is a matter of sufficient public importance and calls for urgent attention.”
It is hoped that government might issue policy statement in the House to clarify the statement, it said.
Pakistan Foreign Office (FO) has already issued a statement, saying that Aziz’s comments were reported out of context.
“The advisor made the statement in a historical context,” the Foreign Office said.

Overbilling Apple led to exit of CFO  CEO at Infosys BPOOverbilling Apple Inc led to exit of CFO, CEO at Infosys BPO
Nivedita Bhattacharjee     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 13:29 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Infosys' back-office services unit was overcharging Apple Inc, leading to the exit of top executives.
Two senior Infosys people, who declined to be named as they were not authorised to speak to the media, said on Thursday that the irregularities in Infosys BPO's dealings with Apple came out during an internal audit.
Though the audit showed that the financial impact of the wrongdoing on the company was minimal, Infosys decided to take a tough stance to demonstrate its "zero-tolerance policy for any improper conduct," one of them said.
Infosys, India's second-largest IT services exporter, on Tuesday said it had fired Abraham Mathews, CFO of its Infosys BPO unit, for failure to comply with the company's code of conduct. The unit's CEO Gautam Thakkar resigned on "moral grounds" and would leave the company on November 30, Infosys said. It did not give details about the charges against Mathews.
Infosys spokeswoman Sarah Gideon said the company would not comment further on the confidential investigations. "The financial irregularities are not material in nature and the company has already made required disclosures. The company has taken disciplinary action on employees," she said in an email.
Apple did not immediately respond to an email sent outside business hours seeking comment.
Meanwhile, the Economic Times newspaper on Thursday said Infosys would soon fire at least six more employees at the unit, after investigations revealed that they had produced inflated invoices and allegedly overbilled Apple for many months.
Infosys earlier this year brought in Vishal Sikka as its new CEO to chart a new strategy for the company, once a trend-setter for India's more than $100 billion IT outsourcing industry. Infosys has struggled in recent years to retain staff and market share.
(Reuters)

Angelina Jolie to quit acting fordirectionPrint
After a successful acting career, Angelina Jolie says she has found her true calling as a director.
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:17 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 4:18 pm
After a successful acting career, Angelina Jolie says she has found her true calling as a director.
The Oscar-winning actress, who made her debut as a director with critically acclaimed war drama ‘In the Land of Blood and Honey’, picked up another challenging project, the incredible life journey of World War II veteran Louis Zamperini that releases this Christmas, for her second film.
In an interview to DuJour, Jolie said she fought for the project which was gestating for almost half a century.
Jolie, 39, feels she is finally at home with directing. “I’ve never been comfortable as an actor; I’ve never loved
being in front of the camera. I didn’t ever think I could direct, but I hope I’m able to have a career at it because I’m much happier,” Jolie told the luxury magazine.
When asked whether she plans to give up acting entirely, Jolie said, “Absolutely.” But before that happens, Jolie is multitasking as a writer, actor and director for period love story ‘By the Sea’, starring husband Brad Pitt. The movie is about a 1970s American couple and their complicated marriage during a trip to France.
“Compared to ‘Unbroken’, this film is a walk in the park. The tricky thing is directing myself and directing Brad. It’s hard, dramatic material, and we’re balancing.”
It is first time that the two are working together after meeting on the set of 2005 film ‘Mr & Mrs Smith’.
“It’s a heavy film, and it’s not easy for us.  But even as you struggle through it, you’re in the trenches together and you don’t expect it to be easy. We’re challenging each other and that’s a really good thing.”

Salman Khan keeps his promise  shares sister Arpita Khans wedding picturesonlinePrint
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:14 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 4:18 pm
Salman Khan kept his promise made to millions on fans online and shared some candid pictures from the grand wedding ceremony of his sister Arpita Khan.
(Source: Instagram)
Bollywood superstar Salman Khan kept his promise made to millions on fans online and shared some candid pictures from the grand wedding ceremony of his sister Arpita Khan. (Read: Salman Khan gets ‘kalira’  from sister Arpita )
The 49-year-old actor took to twitter and Instagram to post five pictures showing the different moods of the bride, groom Ayush Sharma and the wedding party. “Have put up some pictures from the wedding. Check it out,” Salman Khan posted on Twitter alongside the link to his Instagram page. (See Pics: Inside Arpita Khan’s wedding
Two of the pictures captured the couple during the wedding ceremony. In the third picture Arpita’s three brothers- Salman, Arbaaz and Sohail are seen accompanying her to the ‘mandap’. (Read: When Salman Khan addressed Katrina as Katrina Kapoor )
In another, Arpita posed with her elder sister Alvira. In the last and the most interesting of the lot, Salman Khan is seen lying at Arpita’s feet, who is seen shaking her ‘kaliren’, ornamented golden bangle hangings believed to bring marital luck, on the eligible bachelor.
Arpita’s wedding took place at Falaknuma Palace, Hyderabad on November 18 and was attended by Salman’s colleagues from the industry including Aamir Khan, Katrina Kaif, Karan Johar, Kabir Khan, Priyanka Chopra and Mika along with other family members.
The reception is to be held in Mumbai on November 21.

BSE Sensex rebounds by 35 points  Nifty reclaims 8 400markPrint
Mumbai | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:51 pm
Stocks today rose for the first time in three sessions with benchmark Sensex closing with 35-point gain at 28,067.56 and Nifty reclaiming 8,400-mark powered by a late spurt in bluechips, led by Infosys, TCS, Cipla and SBI, amid the rupee breaching 62-mark against US dollar.
After surging to 28,118.53 points at the outset on emergence of buying, the Sensex fell back to the day’s low of 27,915.23 on some profit-taking. A late round of buying helped the BSE index reclaim the 28,000-mark and it settled 34.71 points, or 0.12 per cent, higher at 28,067.56.
The gauge had lost 145 points in previous two sessions.
The 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange also recaptured the crucial 8,400-mark by rising 19.60 points, or 0.23 per cent, to close at 8,401.90. It shuttled between 8,353.15 and 8,410.85 intra-day.
It had shed 48.45 points in the previous two sessions.
Gains in Sensex and Nifty were powered by Cipla that climbed 3.23 per cent after the drug maker announced a pact with Serum Institute of India for distribution of paediatric vaccines in Europe.
Infosys and TCS gained 1 per cent each after the rupee weakened to nearly nine-month low of Rs 62.25 (intra-day) against the dollar at forex market. IT firms revenues are denominated in US dollar and a weak rupee boosts margins.
In the 30-Sensex pack, 16 constituents ended higher while 14 finished in the negative zone.
Other bluechip gainers included SBI, Wipro, Tata Power, ICICI Bank, HDFC, Hindalco, ITC, ONGC, RIL, HUL and CIL.
Sensex laggards included Sesa Sterlite, NTPC, BHEL, M&M, Bharti Airtel, HDFC Bank, Tata Steel, GAIL and L&T.
“Similar to last 3-4 trading sessions, markets opened almost flat over previous closing levels and remained sideways in a very narrow range throughout the trading session,” said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio Ltd.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors bought shares worth a net Rs 71.80 crore yesterday, according to bourses.
Sectorwise, the BSE IT Index gained the most by surging 1.27 per cent, followed by Healthcare 0.98 per cent, FMCG index 0.39 per cent and Banking index 0.37 per cent. On the other hand, the BSE Consumer Durables barometer fell 1.72 per cent, followed by BSE Realty 1.52 per cent and Metal index 0.84 per cent.

Sachin Tendulkar wants government to support SaritaDeviDevi lost in the semifinals at Asain Games in September, and tried to give her medal to her opponent at the presentation ceremony as a protest. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:46 pm
Veteran boxer Sarita Devi, who is currently serving a provisional suspension, has found support from batting lengend Sachin Tendulkar who has written a letter to the Sports Minister urging him to support her and ensure that her career is not terminated prematurely.
In a letter to Sports Minister Sarbananda Sonowal, dated November 15, the iconic batsman said he is disconcerted by the reports that Devi faces a potential ban threatening her career.
“I would urge you to kindly look into this issue urgently and ensure that she is given competent support so that her career is not threatened and ends in a premature manner,” Tendulkar wrote.
Devi lost in the semifinals of the women’s lightweight (60kg) competition at Incheon, South Korea, in September, and tried to give her medal to her opponent at the presentation ceremony as a protest.
Devi, upset with the controversial decision, refused to bend down to let the medal be placed over her neck. She then took the medal and slipped it onto the neck of Park Ji-Na, who had been declared the winner of their semifinal bout.
The South Korean boxer, an eventual silver medalist, tried to give the bronze medal back to Devi, then left it on the podium.
Tendulkar said being a sportsman he could relate to Devi’s emotional turmoil.
“As a fellow sportsperson, I can relate to the emotional turmoil which Ms. Devi must have undergone leading to the unfortunate outburst. Subsequently, she has regretted and deserves another chance to continue her pursuits,” the 41-year old wrote.
Tendulkar said the Manipuri boxer should be allowed to compete at the highest level since she had already apologised for her behaviour.
“As you may be aware, she has already apologised for her unsportsmanlike behaviour. As a country, we should make every effort to ensure that Ms. Devi is pardoned and allowed to pursue her boxing skills at the highest level,” he said.
Tendulkar requested Sonowal to consider forming a task force of senior officials from the Indian Olympic Association and the Boxing Federation and defend her case in front of the governing body AIBA.
“With limited knowledge on the ongoing process, I would sincerely request to consider forming a task force of senior officials from the Indian Olympic Association, the Indian Boxing Federation backed with strong legal minds under your stewardship.
“The objective of this task force should be to deter any potential move by the Governing body to cause irreversible harm to Ms. Devis’s career by placing compelling arguments in her defence. This is critical as Ms. Devi belongs to a set of passionate sportspersons who have taken immense pride in representing the country and deserve all the support and backing from various stakeholders including Government of India,” he wrote.
Tendulkar urged the Minister to take the necessary actions.
“I am sure you will look into this matter and take due actions in a prompt manner.”

Gaza militants test-fire rockets post Jerusalem synagogue attack: IsraelmilitaryPrint
FILE - In this file photo taken Tuesday, Nov. 11, 2014, a Palestinian demonstrator holding a national flag jumps during clashes with Israeli soldiers, outside the Ofer military prison, near the West Bank city of Ramallah. The Palestinian president on Tuesday accused Israel of provoking a "religious war" as new violence between the sides broke out in the West Bank, leaving a Palestinian man dead, amid mounting concerns that the long-running conflict is entering a new and dangerous phase. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:43 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 4:47 pm
The Israeli military said Thursday that militants in the Gaza Strip have test-fired rockets into the Mediterranean Sea, in an apparent attempt to show off their capabilities amid increased tensions in the wake of this week’s deadly synagogue attack.
Four rockets were fired in the past 24 hours, the military said, without elaborating on the test or type of rockets fired. There was no immediate confirmation from Palestinian officials in Gaza.
Israel and Gaza’s Hamas rulers fought a 50-day war over the summer that claimed more than 2,100 Palestinian and 70 Israeli lives.
At the time, Israel said it launched the operation to halt Hamas’ rocket attacks from Gaza — rockets that now have the ability to reach Tel Aviv, Jerusalem and other Israeli cities. And though the rocket fire continued throughout the war, it was largely neutralized by Israel’s “Iron Dome” aerial defense system.
Tensions in the region have spiked in recent weeks, largely over a disputed holy site in Jerusalem sacred to both Muslims and Jews. Palestinian attackers have killed 11 people in five separate incidents, including Tuesday’s storming of a Jerusalem synagogue that killed four worshippers and an Israeli policeman. At least five Palestinians involved in the attacks were killed.
The violence has prompted anti-Arab demonstrations by Israeli right-wingers. On Wednesday, Mayor Itamar Shimoni of the southern Israeli city of Ashkelon suspended Israeli Arab laborers from work. They were renovating bomb shelters at local day-care centers.
The move drew criticism on Thursday, including from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu who said “there is no place for discrimination against Israeli Arabs.” Economy Minister Naftali Bennett, who anchors the far right wing of Netanyahu’s coalition, insisted that “99 percent continued…

Bhopal: Woman pushed out of moving train after beingrobbedPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Bhopal | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:35 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 4:44 pm
A 29-year-old woman was seriously injured when two men allegedly pushed her out of a moving train after robbing her valuables and cellphone near Karouda railway station in Madhya Pradesh, police said. The woman, identified as Rati Tripathi working with a private company in Delhi, sustained serious head and facial injuries and has been admitted to a hospital in Bhopal, they said. The matter came to light when Rati’s mother Mithya Tripathi and brother Adhyatmik did not find her in the Malwa Express’ S-7 coach, which she reportedly boarded from Delhi, at Ujjain on Wednesday where the three were supposed to meet to visit the Mahakaleshwar temple.
Rati’s mother and brother, who had already reached Ujjain from Kanpur, enquired from the train passengers who told them that two persons allegedly threw her out of the moving train following a dispute over sitting on her berth between Lalitpur and Karouda stations near Bina in MP. The woman’s mother and brother then rushed to Bina railway station where police told them that a woman was found on the tracks and referred to Bhopal following which they reached the state capital and found her at a private hospital in an unconscious state.
Rati’s mother alleged that the unidentified persons robbed her purse, mobile phone, chain and earrings. Though fellow passengers raised an alarm, the security personnel onboard the train did not take any action, she further alleged. Madhya Pradesh Home Minister Babulal Gaur on Thursday visited the hospital to meet the woman’s family members and assured them that the culprits would be caught soon. A reward of Rs 10,000 has also been announced for any concrete information about the culprits, said Director General of Police (DG) Railways, Maithli Sharan Gupt. The matter is under investigation, he said. Railway SP Awdhesh Goswami has reached Bina to probe the matter. Police have also issued a sketch of one of the suspects based on information provided by the passengers.
Meanwhile, Divisional Railway Manager (DRM), Bhopal, Rajiv Choudhary on Thursday urged his Jhansi counterpart to set up a high-level committee to probe the incident. He also announced an assistance of Rs 10,000 from DRM Relief Fund to the injured woman, a railway spokesman said. The incident took place on the Lalitpur-Bina rail section between Karounda and Agasoud railway stations under Jhansi division, he said.
The DRM assured that strict action will be taken against the railway employees who failed to take action in the matter, he said. The victim was initially brought for treatment to Sagar district hospital from where she was referred to Hamidia Hospital in Bhopal and later shifted to Bansal Hospital in the state capital. Railway doctors were also assisting in her treatment, the spokesman added.

BJP talking in different voices on abrogating Art 370: OmarAbdullahAbdullah said that “we are still far away from a BJP government in J&K”.
Written by Bashaarat Masood | Beerwah | Posted: November 21, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: November 21, 2014 12:11 am
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said that his party “can’t support” those who are against Article 370 of the Constitution and accused the BJP of doublespeak on the issue.
Omar hoped that PM Narendra Modi would bring some clarity on the issue when he visits Kishtwar in Jammu to address a rally on Saturday. “There are multiple statements depending on where they are standing. In Jammu, one hears a different point of view and in Kashmir one hears another,” Omar said on the sidelines of his Beerwah rally. “I am hoping when the PM comes here, there is some clarity on exactly where they stand on Article 370”. In Jammu the BJP talks about abrogating Article 370 and in Valley they speak of picking up guns if it is abrogated, Omar said referring to a statement by BJP candidate Hina Bhat.
Omar said that Kashmir’s identity is its flag and Article 370 and that the NC can’t support a party that is against them. While acknowledging that a Modi-factor would play a part in Jammu and parts of Ladakh, he said it would not be a factor in the Valley.
The CM also hit back at the Congress after Congress leaders accused NC of creating hurdles in implementation of “pro-people” policies. “When I was seeking votes for Rahul Gandhi, nobody said NC is a bad party,” he said. “Now that we are contesting the elections separately, everything bad is in us.”

BJP talking in different voices on abrogating Art 370: Omar AbdullahAbdullah said that “we are still far away from a BJP government in J&K”.
Written by Bashaarat Masood | Beerwah | Posted: November 21, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: November 21, 2014 12:11 am
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said that his party “can’t support” those who are against Article 370 of the Constitution and accused the BJP of doublespeak on the issue.
Omar hoped that PM Narendra Modi would bring some clarity on the issue when he visits Kishtwar in Jammu to address a rally on Saturday. “There are multiple statements depending on where they are standing. In Jammu, one hears a different point of view and in Kashmir one hears another,” Omar said on the sidelines of his Beerwah rally. “I am hoping when the PM comes here, there is some clarity on exactly where they stand on Article 370”. In Jammu the BJP talks about abrogating Article 370 and in Valley they speak of picking up guns if it is abrogated, Omar said referring to a statement by BJP candidate Hina Bhat.
Omar said that Kashmir’s identity is its flag and Article 370 and that the NC can’t support a party that is against them. While acknowledging that a Modi-factor would play a part in Jammu and parts of Ladakh, he said it would not be a factor in the Valley.
The CM also hit back at the Congress after Congress leaders accused NC of creating hurdles in implementation of “pro-people” policies. “When I was seeking votes for Rahul Gandhi, nobody said NC is a bad party,” he said. “Now that we are contesting the elections separately, everything bad is in us.”

Now  search for any tweet ever sent on TwitterTwitter's new index to enable searching any public tweet ever sent
PTI     Washington   Last Updated: November 19, 2014  | 13:34 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Twitter has indexed and made searchable every public tweet made since the microblogging platform's launch in 2006, which amounts to hundreds of billions of messages.
A new, more powerful search function will let users search for specific words used by specific users, hashtags used between a set of given dates and other variables. The company is making the complete results from its Tweet Index available through the 'All' tab of search results generated by its Web client and iOS and Android apps, the micro-blogging website said in a blog post.
Since that first simple tweet over eight years ago, hundreds of billions of tweets have captured everyday human experiences and major historical events, project co-leader Yi Zhuang wrote.
While Twitter already enables discovery of relatively fresh user-generated content via an inverted index containing about a week's worth of recent tweets, a project has been long in the making to enable efficient searching of the roughly half a trillion documents contained on the site.
Our search engine excelled at surfacing breaking news and events in real time, and our search index infrastructure reflected this strong emphasis on recency. But our long-standing goal has been to let people search through every tweet ever published, Zhuang wrote.
The new Tweet Index serves queries with an average latency of under 100 milliseconds, the company said.
While the real-time index of recent tweets is fully stored in RAM for low latency and fast updates, the full index uses cheaper storage to keep its maintenance from being prohibitively expensive.
Twitter's priorities in creating the comprehensive, searchable index of tweets were to make the system modular, scalable as it grows over time, cost-effective, simple and quick for people to use, and developed incrementally, Zhuang said.

Textile exporters welcome revised packageUpdated: November 19, 2014 23:04 IST
Textile exporters welcome revised package
Special Correspondent
exports
Textile exporters have welcomed the revised duty drawback rates announced by the Union Government. According to the Cotton Textiles Export Promotion Council, additional product categories have been included and the drawback caps have been increased.
The Southern India Mills’ Association has said that separate rates have been fixed for cotton yarn above 50s count. Export of spandex coarse yarn is increasing and the revision of rates for these will boost exports. The upward revision in value cap will encourage value addition.

Airbag maker Takata deflates on push for broaderAirbag maker deflates on recall push
By: Gary Strauss November 19, 2014 5:09 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Takata crash test dummies.
Automotive supplier Takata TKTDY , whose faulty airbag inflators have been tied to at least five U.S. fatalities, dozens of injuries and millions of recalled automobiles, slumped 8% to $18.79 Wednesday.
The selloff, which extended a three-month slide, came after safety regulators urged an expanded recall of vehicles equipped with Takata airbags and ahead of a Thursday Senate hearing, at which officials of Takata and several auto companies are scheduled to testify.
Takata’s  driver-side air bags have exploded and sprayed metal and plastic at drivers.
Tuesday, the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration asked Ford, Mazda, Honda, Chrysler and BMW for a nationwide recall of vehicles with Takata airbags. An earlier regional recall of more than 4 million cars was issued for warm weather states, where warm, humid temperatures are more likely to rupture the airbags. Most of the vehicles were manufactured in 2008 or earlier.  More than 14 million vehicles worldwide have already been recalled.
Takata, which traded as high as $46.49 in September, has since fallen 60%.
Follow Strauss on Twitter @gstrauss_

Honduran Miss World contestant and sister found murderedMaria Jose Alvarado (holding flowers) and two other contestants pose for photographs during a beauty contest in San Pedro Sula April 26, 2014. (Source: Reuters/Stringer/Files)
By: Reuters | Posted: November 20, 2014 10:45 am
A Honduran beauty queen has been found shot dead in a suspected crime of passion just days before she was due to compete in the Miss World pageant in London, police said on Wednesday.
The bodies of Maria Jose Alvarado, 19, and her sister Sofia, 23, were found buried near a river in the mountainous region of Santa Barbara in western Honduras, said Leandro Osorio, head of the criminal investigation unit.
Police suspect that Plutarco Ruiz, Sofia’s boyfriend, shot and killed the elder sister in a fit of jealousy after seeing her dancing with “another person or something similar,” then shot Maria Jose and buried the bodies, Osorio said.
“This is the main hypothesis we have for this crime, based on the witnesses and investigations we’ve done,” he added.
Police took Ruiz and Aris Maldonado into custody on Tuesday, confiscating two pistols and their pick-up truck and identifying them as the homicide’s main suspects, he said.
Maria Jose Alvarado (C, front) and other contestants participate in a beauty contest in San Pedro Sula April 26, 2014. (Source: Reuters/Stringer/Files)
On his Facebook page, Maldonado lamented “these very difficult and unjust moments of life” but did not make reference to any details of the double homicide. Ruiz has yet to comment publicly on the allegations.
Alvarado, a student who aspired to become a career diplomat, had been due to take part in the Miss World pageant that starts on Thursday and culminates in the final in London on Dec. 14.
The sisters went missing Nov. 13, when they were seen leaving a birthday party for Ruiz at a local water park in a car without a license plate in Santa Barbara, a coffee-growing region where drug gangs are active.
On Wednesday night, police arrested the water park’s owners on suspicion of being accomplices in the crime, Osorio said.
A pick-up truck containing two body bags and equipment used by forensic technicians drives past two soldiers, near a crime scene in Arada November 19, 2014. (Source: Reuters/Jorge Cabrera)
Drug cartels use Honduras as a staging post for U.S.-bound cocaine from South America, aggravating violence in the impoverished Central American nation that has helped spark a surge in illegal immigration to the United States.
Honduras has the world’s highest murder rate at 90.4 continued…

Vivek Sood to take over as new Uninor CEOVivek Sood to take over as new CEO of Uninor, Morten Karlsen Sorby steps down
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 13:15 IST
Photo: Reuters
Uninor, the local arm of Norwegian telecom operator Telenor , on Thursday announced the appointment of Vivek Sood as its new Chief Executive Officer with effect from December 1, 2014.
Present CEO Morten Karlsen Sorby has decided to step down due to some personal issues and will assume a new role in the parent organisation Telenor Group, Uninor said in a statement.
Sood, who is currently serving as the CEO of the Bangladesh subsidiary of Telenor - Grameenphone, will replace Sorby, who has been serving in this position since January.
"Grameenphone and Uninor are currently experiencing significant market growth and they are both delivering on the strategic ambition of Internet for All," said Sigve Brekke, Executive Vice President & Head of Asia business at Telenor.
Sood had earlier served as the Chief Financial Officer at Uninor, Telenor had moved Grameenphone Chief Technology Officer Tanveer Mohammad as Chief Operating Officer of Uninor in July this year.
"With these executive changes, Telenor aims to stimulate further growth and strengthen position with customers in these markets," Brekke said.
Uninor has also appointed new Chief Marketing Officer (CMO) Upanga Dutta, replacing Rajeev Sethi, who will take over as the CEO of Grameenphone.
Sethi, an IIM-Lucknow Alumni, served as CMO in Uninor for nearly two years. Prior to this, Sethi spent more than three years as the head of Uninor's Uttar Pradesh (East) circle.
"All the changes are effective December 1, 2014, but Morten will remain as an advisor to the Uninor top management until January 1, 2015," the statement added.
Under Sood, Grameenphone crossed the 50 million customer milestone in Bangladesh.
"I am happy to return to Uninor and to work with a passionate team which is delivering strongly, both on revenues and subscriber share," Sood said.
He has 20 years of experience with companies such as Tata AIG Life Insurance, Hutchison Telecom, Tupperware India and Hindustan Lever Limited (Unilever).
Dutta, Uninor's new CMO, has earlier served as senior vice president and head of company's largest circle, UP (East). He earlier worked with Idea, Bharti Airtel and Carrier Aircon and holds an electrical engineering degree from the Delhi College of Engineering, the statement said.

Jaitley meets heads of PSU banks on rising bad loansFM Arun Jaitley meets heads of PSU banks on rising bad loans
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 13:55 IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley (Photo: Reuters)
Concerned over rising bad loans, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday discussed with PSU bank heads ways to bring down the incidence of non-performing assets (NPAs).
"Over the last 2-3 years, on account of slowdown, one area of concern is that the NPA has risen. Therefore what proactive steps to be taken to ensure that NPAs come down has been discussed," Jaitley said.
He was speaking to reporters after the meeting with PSU bank chiefs in the national capital.
Jaitley also asked banks to take steps to ensure smooth credit flow to projects.
"One of the other area of concern, we have suggested to the banks that proactive steps (be taken) in supporting various projects so that credit offtake in these projects takes up in a big way," the finance minister said.
According to a report by research firm Icra, PSU banks' gross NPAs are estimated at 4.4-4.7 per cent as on March 31, 2015, against 4.4 per cent as on March 31, 2014, and 4.6 per cent at the end of June, 2014.

Cipla ties up with SII for selling vaccines in EuropeCipla ties up with Serum Institute for selling paediatric vaccines in Europe
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 14:17 IST
Photo: Reuters
Pharmaceuticals firm Cipla on Thursday announced an agreement with Serum Institute of India (SII) for distribution of paediatric vaccines in Europe.
As per the agreement, Serum Institute of India (SII) will develop and manufacture paediatric vaccines and Cipla will seek European Medicines Agency approval and market the products in Europe, the company said in a statement.
"This collaboration with SII enables Cipla to enter into the vaccines segment," it said.
Commenting on the agreement, Cipla MD and Global CEO Subhanu Saxena said the Europe-specific partnership with SII is aligned with its commitment to access to affordable paediatric healthcare.
"Through this partnership, we look forward to contribute in eradication of childhood diseases," Saxena said.
Sharing his thoughts, SII CEO and Executive Director Adar Poonawalla said: "Serum Institute believes that this tie-up with Cipla is a perfect platform for making vaccines available for Europeans as Serum also shares the common philosophy of Cipla of making vaccines/pharmaceutical products available at the most affordable prices."
Cipla has, in the past six months, strengthened its presence in Europe and launched respiratory products such as Salmeterol/Fluticasone in Germany, Sweden, Czech Republic, Slovakia and Croatia.
In July, it had signed an exclusive partnership with BioQuiddity to market OneDoseReadyfusOR in regional anaesthetic applications for post surgical pain management.
Shares of Cipla ltd were trading at Rs 612.50 per scrip in the afternoon trade, up 2.21 per cent from the previous close on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).

Police shoot dead gunman at Florida universityPolice investigate a shooting at Strozier Library on Florida State campus on Thursday, Nov. 20, 2014, in Tallahassee. (Source: AP )
By: Associated Press | Tallahassee (florida) | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:31 pm
Officers shot and killed a suspected gunman after a shooting at Florida State University early Thursday that wounded three people and prompted an alert for students to take shelter, police said.
The shooting happened at a library on campus and officers opened fire after the suspect shot at them, Tallahassee Police spokesman Dave Northway said.
It was not immediately known if the wounded were shot by the suspected gunman.
Northway said authorities did not believe there were any other threats related to the incident. The lockdown was later lifted and the school said on its verified Twitter account that the area was secure.
Strozier Library, a multistory building at the center of the Tallahassee campus, was roped off with police tape.
John Ehab, a sophomore from Tampa, said he was on the library’s third floor when he heard multiple gunshots.
“Everyone heard them,” he said. People took cover in the book aisles to hide from the gunman in case he came onto the floor, Ehab said.
Freshman Nikolai Hernandez said he was in his dorm room across from the library when he heard five or six rapid gunshots.
“It was a consecutive bop, bop, bop, bop, bop,” Hernandez said. “It makes me definitely a little bit nervous. I was supposed to be in the library. I had a paper to do and I got a little bit lazy and decided not to do it.”
He said he has friends still locked inside the library two hours after the shooting.
A campus telephone alert urged people to take shelter in a nearby building and stay away from doors and windows. Campus and Tallahassee police declined comment.

Babcock International Group-3.18
Winners and Losers are drawn from the set of FTSE 350 equities
All market data carried by BBC News is provided by DigitalLook.com. The data is for your general information and enjoys indicative status only. Neither the BBC nor Digital Look accept any responsibility for its accuracy or for any use to which it may be put. All share prices and market indexes delayed at least 15 minutes. 52 week high and low values are calculated from close price data. Click here for terms and conditions
Top Stories

Flipkart  Urban Ladder look to entrepreneurs to helm key functionsUber cabs rape case: Govt cracks down, bans Delhi operations; India blow looms
Having roped in college graduates both from home and abroad, home-grown e-tailers like Flipkart, Myntra and Urban Ladder are now scouting for former entrepreneurs to fill their top ranks. The rationale is clear: Given how they’ve built businesses from scratch, such entrepreneurs are able to mesh with the start-up fabric. At the same time, being responsible for a vertical gives them a sense of ownership. Flipkart has nearly 10 such entrepreneurs, mostly in senior management positions, handling diverse roles across verticals such as technology, supply chain, marketing and retail.
Having built a business themselves, the entrepreneurs are drawn to e-retailers because they get a free hand to run the operations. Besides, working with a challenging and aspiring peer group also adds to the charm at a time when e-commerce companies are setting themselves ambitious targets.
For instance, Ranjith Boyanapalli, founder of online marketplace BuyThePrice, which was acquired by Tradus, went on to become a director at Flipkart, heading its B2B business and the gift cards category.
Dhaval Gat launched Transgenez, a KPO, in 2009 but left three years later owing to differences with investors. In April 2012, Gat joined Flipkart and has risen in the ranks. “I was head of operational excellence for the supply chain vertical but three months later I was heading the operations. Also, I was manning the chief of staff role, which included strategic planning, executing the key programmes, acting as an adviser,” Gat said. He also heads customer support and experience at Flipkart.
Close to a fifth of online furniture store Urban Ladder’s team comprises former entrepreneurs, some handling key portfolios like sourcing and engineering. “We believe entrepreneurs come with a lot of learning and experience that helps them take independent and quick decisions and lead teams more effectively,” said COO Rajiv Srivatsa. Rushab Sanghvi, vice-president, category management at Urban Ladder, had launched The Stiff Collar, an online apparel store, with a group of friends in 2010. They parted ways two years later and Sanghvi, who knew Urban Ladder co-founder Ashish Goel personally, chose to join the furniture e-tailer.
According to Ritika Walia, business head, Designer Corner, Myntra, who had launched a fashion portal for designer wear, PRET-AMODA, in 2009, “It’s important the vision of the individual and the company are the same. The environment should facilitate the creativity required for that vision.”
Pooja Gupta, Myntra’s vice-president for human resources, pointed out that there were a handful of entrepreneurs with experience working across various departments. “Most of them handle mid- to senior-level management roles and manage a team. These entrepreneurs can work across functions, under constraints and are not single-domain specialists. They are highly ambitious, open to experiments and willing to work with limited resources,” Gupta said.
Ravi Gururaj, chairman, Nasscom Product Council, believes those who start a company, even if they fail, are able to take decisions making and work with limited resources. “They are agile thinkers, move fast and don’t mind working for others. So the traffic is both ways. They learn a lot during the entrepreneurship days and then go back to a job which is normal and is great news for companies,” Gururaj pointed out.
TAGS: Flipkart Myntra Urban Ladder
More from companies

Kaushiks Chhotoder Chhobii in IFFI competitivesectionBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: November 20, 2014 5:21 pm
In a hat-trick, director Kaushik Ganguly’s film ‘Chotoder Chobi’ (A Short Story) has been selected for the international competition section of the 45th International Film Festival of India starting today.
This is the third consecutive film of the director which will be screened in the international competitive section, the earlier two being ‘Arekti Premer Golpo’ and ‘Apur Panchali’.
“I am honoured by the selection of ‘Chotoder Chobi’ which is one of the two films making it to the international competition section of the IFFI,” Kaushik told PTI here.
Overall, IFFI, to be held from November 20 to 30 in Goa, will screen Kaushik’s fifth consecutive film in the Indian Panorama section.
Kaushik said, “‘Arekti Premer Golpo’ and ‘Apur Panchali’ had got Silver Peacocks. Now I am keeping my fingers crossed.”
About ‘Chotoder Chobi’, he said that it dwelt on the dilemma of those afflicted with genetic defects.
“Consider the mental state of circus clowns, for instance. But my film is based on a modern day dwarf couple,” Kaushik said.
Kaushik, whose ‘Khaad’ will be released nationally in Baroda, Delhi, Pune, Ahmedabad, Hyderabad and Bangalore, was happy at the way the film had been received by the local audience and critics.
In another good news for Bengali films, director Srijit Mukherjee’s ‘Nirbaak’, starring Sushmita Sen as the lead female protagonist, has made it to the IFFI Film Bazar.

Alcatel OneTouch launches selfie phone at Rs9 999Alcatel OneTouch Flash sports a 5.5-inch HD display with a 13 MP rear camera and a 5 MP front camera.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 5:37 pm | Updated: November 22, 2014 6:26 pm
Another selfie phone in town. Alcatel Onetouch today introduced its octa-core selfie smartphone called Flash at a price of Rs 9,999. The Alcatel Onetouch Flash will be available exclusively on Flipkart starting November 21.
The smartphone sports a 5.5-inch HD display with a 13 MP rear camera and a 5 MP front camera. Running on a 1.4 GHz octa-core processor with 1 GB RAM and 8 GB internal memory which is expandable up to 32 GB. Powered by a 3200 mAh battery, the phone runs on Android 4.4.2 KitKat operating system and is available in Crystal White and Gun Grey colour options.
The company is also launching a Selfie Contest where top 20 daily contestants can win a discount of Rs 1000. The winner will get a full photo-shoot makeover which will appear in one of the most recognized lifestyle magazine.
Specs:

IFFI 2014 gets eminent International juriesonboardPrint
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Panaji | Posted: November 20, 2014 5:36 pm
From noted cinematographer Slawomir Idziak, Chinese filmmaker Zhang Jianya to actress Seema Biswas, the 45th edition of International Film Festival of India (IFFI) that started Thursday has celebrated film personalities from all over the world as its jury.
Idziak from Poland, who is also the jury chairman, is a noted cinematographer, screenwriter, director and lecturer. He has worked with cinema legends Krzysztof Kieslowski, Andrzej Wajda and Krzysztof Zanussi and has received a number of awards and distinctions in Berlin, Venice, Prague, Auckland and Gdynia.
He was also nominated for BAFTA Cesar and Oscar awards.
“The other members in the jury panel include New York based writer Marie Brenner, Seema Biswas, an actress from Assam, and Nadia Dresti, the head of International Locarno Film Festival along with Jianya,” a PIB release said.
Jianya’s work includes “Red Elephant”, “Kidnap of Carajan”, “The Hero” and “The Dream is Alive”.
“Brenner has published five books, including ‘Great Dames: What I Learned from Older Women’, ‘House of Dreams’ and ‘The Bingham Family of Louisville’. Her expose of the tobacco industry ‘The Man Who Knew Too Much’, was basis for the 1999 movie ‘The Insider’, which was nominated for seven Academy Awards,” the release added.
Seema won the 1996 National Film Award for Best Actress for her role in “Bandit Queen”. Biswas won Canada’s Genie Award for her role as the widow Shakuntala in Deepa Mehta’s 2005 released film “Water”. Dresti, the other member of International Jury, is specialist of film promotion, public and press relations.
The 45th edition of the IFFI, which got underway Thursday, hosts Rajinikanth and Amitabh Bachchan who are the part of the inauguration ceremony at the Syama Prasad Mookerjee Indoor Stadium on the outskirts of the state capital.

Salman Khans Kick to get a sequelsoon'Kick' has become the highest grosser of Salman's career.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 20, 2014 5:33 pm
Salman Khan has never done a sequel to his films, except for “Dabangg”, but that might change soon with a sequel of the superstar’s last released film “Kick”.
According to sources close to the project, “Kick”, directed by Sajid Nadiadwala, which is Salman’s highest grosser to date, may write out its sequel sooner than expected.
‘Kick’ has become the highest grosser of Salman’s career. It has so far accrued a total box-office collection of Rs.234 crore. That beats the earlier Salman starrer ‘Ek Tha Tiger’ which netted Rs.188 crore worldwide.
“Sajid is now being told by his distributors and friends to carry the story forward into a sequel because it makes a lot of business sense,” a source said.
Nadiadwala, however, is in two minds as he has his hands full as a producer.
“It’s been a tremendous year for me. God has been kind. ‘Kick’ became far bigger than we imagined. And it’s all because of Salman’s star-power. I don’t know whether I can direct again for a while. My hands are full with productions. I don’t deny there is a growing demand to direct again. All I can say is, wait and watch,” said Nadiadwala.
Released in July this year, “Kick” also featured Randeep Hooda, Nawazuddin Siddiqui and Jacqueline Fernandez.

Bigg Boss 8: Gautam to nominate the nextcaptainDiandra states that she doesn’t want to become the captain anymore.
By: Entertainment Feature Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 5:29 pm
Wise men talk because they have something to say, fools talk because they have to say something. Day 60 in the Bigg Boss house proved to be all about conversations – some fun, some enlightening and some downright painful!
With Gautam’s captaincy drawing to a close, Bigg Boss introduces the Judgment Day task to punish and reward the contestants basis their conduct. Making Gautam the head of the situation, Bigg Boss gives him the opportunity to choose a candidate who would compete against Upen in the upcoming captain elections. Gautam is given the task of listening carefully to every contestant one at a time while they have to try convincing him as to why they should be chosen as a candidate for captaincy.
Every housemate gears up for the task strategizing their words and how to present it to Gautam. While Diandra states that she doesn’t want to become the captain anymore, Puneet comes up to Gautam and says that it is better if he nominates Pritam for the captaincy.
Gautam who keeps mum at the time, however decides that he will not nominate Pritam because his actions during the past week have played out against him. Karishma, on the other hand, tries her best to convince Gautam to choose her for the captaincy. But, Gautam soon realizes that he has known all along who he will choose and plans out his strategy in a subtle manner to ensure that everyone in the house is in agreement with him regarding his decision.
As the day progresses, Diandra continues to talk to Karishma about her issues with Upen and says that he often feels bad for unnecessary reasons. Diandra brings up a previous conversation that Upen had with Sonali and how Sonali’s words were the real reason behind their fallout. Hearing Diandra’s words, Karishma, who has harbouring a soft corner for Upen, defends his actions and says that Upen is not attached to Sonali as deeply as Diandra is saying. She points out to Diandra that Bigg Boss is a game show and every contestant has modified their behavior to play it well.
Conversations continue to flow freely in the Bigg Boss house with the contestants making it appear to be more productive than destructive as relationships strengthen and the contestants learn to deal with each other’s behavior better. But one is sure to have some moments of shock and entertainment as they slowly and steadily start to understand what Bigg Boss is all about. But this is certainly not the end of it all. The Judgment Day task brings with it a punishment and one contestant inadvertently finds themselves in the line of fire. And with the captaincy looming as the next day approaches, it continued…

Kolkata BJP rally: Police Commissioner meets Bharatiya Janata Party leaders on High CourtdirectiveBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: November 20, 2014 5:22 pm
Kolkata Police Commissioner Surojit Kar Purokayastha on Thursday held a meeting with the Bharatiya Janata Party’s Bengal leadership on the directive of the Calcutta High Court on granting permission to its proposed November 30 public rally scheduled to be addressed by party President Amit Shah. Kar Purokayastha after the meeting said that the meeting was held in a cordial atmosphere and the decision would be forwarded to the Calcutta High Court on Friday. He said, “I can’t divulge details about the outcome of the meeting before submitting them to the Court.”
The Calcutta High Court on Tuesday had directed the city police commissioner to sit with state BJP representatives and inform the court about the outcome. The city police had allegedly not given permission for the rally, after which the BJP knocked on the high court’s door. The BJP alleged that though Trinamool Congress had been allowed to hold a meeting on the venue, Esplanade area of the city, on July 21, the BJP was being denied permission.
BJP sources said that a seven-member delegation of the party held a 40-minute-long meeting with the police commissioner. “The police commissioner said the party needs to take permission from the Kolkata Municipal Corporation and the Fire Brigade for the rally. We said we are ready to comply with the requirement of permission from the Fire Brigade only, but permission from the KMC had never been required earlier for such a rally,” the sources said. The seven-member BJP delegation included a number of retired police officers and bureaucrats apart from the politicians.

Pakistan dismisses reports of Nawaz Sharif rejecting bullet-proof carssummit
Pakistan on Thursday dismissed reports that Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has rejected the bullet-proof cars being provided by India for the next week’s SAARC summit in Kathmandu, saying no such offer was made.
“No such offer was made so there was no question of turning down the offer,” Foreign Office spokeswoman Tasnim Aslam told reporters during her weekly briefing.
She also said that Mr. Sharif will attend the summit next week in Kathmandu.
Earlier reports quoting a Nepalese official said that Mr. Sharif will bring his own car after he rejected to use Indian bullet-proof car.
India will provide six sophisticated cars to ferry the world leaders during the SAARC summit.
SAARC summit will be held from November 26 to 27 in Nepalese capital of Kathmandu. Nepal will chair the summit of the regional grouping, which has Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, the Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka as its members.

Infosys BPO sacks CFO MathewsInfosys BPO sacks CFO Mathews
Our Bureau
CEO Thakkar quits owning moral responsibility
Bangalore November 18:  
Infosys BPO has sacked its CFO Abraham Mathews for not complying with the company’s code of conduct.
The CEO of the company, Gautam Thakkar has also quit, owning moral responsibility for the issue, according to a company statement.
According to sources in Infosys, the issue related to the CFO not reporting a ‘non-material financial irregularity’ in a timely manner. “According to our code of conduct, though it is non-material or insignificant, he still has the responsibility to report,” said a spokesperson.
This departure is in keeping with the company’s goal of setting the highest standards of corporate governance and adhering to the letter and spirit of the company’s code of conduct, said the statement.
In their places, the company has appointed veteran Infoscions Anup Uppadhyay as CEO and Managing Director of the company and Deepak Bhalla as CFO.
Both have been with the company for more than a decade, according to company officials.
Thakkar’s resignation will be effective from the end of this month. Infosys BPO, which operates in the Americas, the Asia-Pacific, Australia and Europe, had more than 28,000 employees as of this March.
(This article was published on November 18, 2014)
Related

Moto 360 leads Android Wear shipments in Q3Updated: November 19, 2014 23:06 IST
Moto 360 leads Android Wear shipments in Q3
Special Correspondent
gadgets (general)
Moto 360 smartwatch is “by far the most successful of the initial Android Wear devices” in the third quarter of calendar year 2014, according to research firm Canalys.
Nearly five million smart and basic wearable bands were shipped in the third quarter, which saw Androdid Wear making its mark. The smart and basic wearable shipments increased 37 per cent on a quarter-on-quarter basis, while Motorola Mobility’s (now owned by Lenovo) Moto 360 accounted for 15 per cent of the smart band market, according to Canalys’ estimates.

Rupee slumps to 9-month low on strong US dollarForex update: Rupee recovers from 9-month low, ends at 61.94 against US dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 18:39 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee on Thursday slumped to a nine-month low of 62.25 against the dollar but recovered marginally to end at 61.94 against the Greenback on suspected selling of the US currency by state-run banks on behalf of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and mild recovery in stocks.
The privous low logged by the Indian rupee was at 62.45 against the American unit in mid-session of February 20, 2014.
Sustained capital inflows, although in small lots in the last couple of days, also helped the domestic currency to recover some lost ground but a stronger dollar overseas capped the rise in the rupee, a forex dealer said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the rupee commenced lower at 62.03 per dollar from its previous close of 61.96 on Wednesday and dipped to a nine-month low of 62.25 on strong dollar demand from oil companies.
The local unit managed to rebound and settle at 61.94 for the day, snapping the 5-session losing streak.
The rupee had lost 45 paise or 0.73 per cent in last five consecutive sessions.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said, "The rupee traded weak... Made nine-months low, taking cues from weak local equities and strong dollar. It appreciated towards end due to RBI intervention through state-owned banks."
Among other overseas currencies, the rupee recovered slightly against the pound to 97.10 and recouped to 77.64 per euro. The domestic unit, however, remained firm to close at 52.46 per 100 Japanese yen from 52.68.
Meanwhile, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex snapped its two-day falls and closed 34.71 points (or 0.12 per cent) higher.
Forign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) and Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) bought shares worth US $36.95 million on Wednesday, as per data provided by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
The dollar index was up by 0.10 per cent against its major global rivals. The benchmark six-month premium payable in April ended at 205-207 paise as against 208-210 paise previously.
Forward contracts maturing in October, 2015, closed at 426.5-428.5 as against 429-431 paise on Wednesday.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) fixed the reference rate for dollar at 62.10 and for the Euro at 77.91.

Carrie Schwab-Pomerantz  CFPLike
4
Carrie Schwab-Pomerantz, CFP®, is a leading advocate for financial literacy and one of America’s most trusted sources for financial advice. As leader of Schwab Community Services as well as president of Charles Schwab Foundation, she is devoted to making investing more accessible to the American public, encouraging men and women of all ages to take charge of their financial lives. Carrie speaks and writes extensively about personal finance issues and is the author of "The Charles Schwab Guide to Finances After Fifty: Answers to Your Most Important Money Questions" (Crown Business: 2014).
Entries by Carrie Schwab-Pomerantz, CFP
(0) Comments | Posted December  3, 2014 | 4:43 PM
Dear Readers,
Last week I talked about Giving Tuesday and ways to increase your charitable giving. This week, I'd like to talk a bit about how to creatively extend that spirit of generosity to friends and family. Giving traditional gifts is fun and I enjoy choosing what I think is...

Car technology failing consumers  J.D. Power study findsCar technology failing consumers, J.D. Power study finds
Kenu Airframe Plus
MCT
Drivers say the technology in their phones works better than the same functions embedded in their cars, according to a J.D. Power and Associates study.
Drivers say the technology in their phones works better than the same functions embedded in their cars, according to a J.D. Power and Associates study. (MCT)
What's better: In-car tech that doesn't work well or no tech at all?
Drivers say their phones work better than their car systems for voice recognition.
"I'm sorry. That command is not recognized." In-car tech frustrating car buyers.
Here’s why consumers say they don’t like the fancy tech systems in their cars: They don’t work very well.
8
Auto manufacturers face deepening challenges with technology as customer frustration with their multimedia systems builds, according to a study from market research firm J.D. Power and Associates.
Technology issues are now the most prevalent type of problem with new vehicles, according to the J.D. Power report on consumer reaction to the features on their newly purchased cars
The biggest complaint? Built-in voice recognition systems.
Bluetooth connectivity is the second-most frequently reported problem, followed by wind noise and navigation problems.
The problems abound even in a climate of high consumer demand for increasing levels of technology in new vehicles, the report said.
“Voice recognition and device connectivity are often inherent to the technology design and cannot be fixed at the dealership, creating a high level of angst among new-vehicle owners,” said Mike VanNieuwkuyk, executive director of global automotive at J.D. Power.
The problems consumers cite most often are that the systems don’t recognize or misinterpret verbal commands (63%); don’t recognize or misinterpret names and words (44%); and don’t recognize or misinterpret numbers (31%).
The findings are from of the J.D. Power 2014 Multimedia Quality and Satisfaction Study released Thursday.
Owners who are stuck with the glitches find themselves defaulting to unsatisfying work-around options such as knobs and controls on the steering wheel and dashboard, VanNieuwkuyk said.
Despite the complaints, car companies continue to produce built-in voice recognition and connectivity systems that are not in sync with consumer expectations, he added.
“Manufacturers have good intentions, but ultimately their efforts yield poor results,” VanNieuwkuyk said.
Consumers are frustrated because they know good technology exists; they already have voice recognition and connectivity in their smartphones, the report said.
While drivers want similar technology in their cars, they want it to work, and they aren’t willing to pay a lot for it, especially if they doubt the systems will work, according to the report.
J.D. Power found that 70% of new-vehicle owners indicate interest in built-in voice recognition. But when given a cost of $500 for this technology, purchase intent drops to 44%.
“Automotive manufacturers really need to go back to the basics and design these systems so drivers can keep their hands on the wheel, their eyes on the road and their mind on the drive,” VanNieuwkuyk said.

Danielle Douglas-Gabriel
Rogelio V. Solis / AP
Joe Raedle / Getty Images file
Photos: Shutdown impactCaption President Obama
Mark Wilson / Getty Images
U.S. President Barack Obama speaks in the Brady Press Briefing room at the White House after the U.S. Senate voted to end the government shutdown and raise the debt limit on October 16, 2013 in Washington, DC.
U.S. President Barack Obama speaks in the Brady Press Briefing room at the White House after the U.S. Senate voted to end the government shutdown and raise the debt limit on October 16, 2013 in Washington, DC. (Mark Wilson / Getty Images)
Caption Senate Democrats
Alex Wong / Getty Images
Democratic Sens. Harry Reid, Charles Schumer, Patty Murray and Richard Durbin attend a news conference after voting on a budget deal.
Democratic Sens. Harry Reid, Charles Schumer, Patty Murray and Richard Durbin attend a news conference after voting on a budget deal. (Alex Wong / Getty Images)
Caption All smiles from the White House
Mark Wilson / Getty Images
Administration spokesman Jay Carney in the White House Press Room after the announcement of a Senate deal to end the government shutdown and extend the debt limit.
Administration spokesman Jay Carney in the White House Press Room after the announcement of a Senate deal to end the government shutdown and extend the debt limit. (Mark Wilson / Getty Images)
Caption Republican fist pump
Win McNamee / Getty Images
House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) pumps his fist after leaving a meeting of House Republicans at the Capitol.
House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) pumps his fist after leaving a meeting of House Republicans at the Capitol. (Win McNamee / Getty Images)
Caption Fuel for negotiations
Alex Wong / Getty Images
A congressional staffer brings in pizzas as talks continue in the Capitol to end the government shutdown.
A congressional staffer brings in pizzas as talks continue in the Capitol to end the government shutdown. (Alex Wong / Getty Images)
The U.S. government began a partial shutdown on Tuesday, Oct. 1, 2013, for the first time in 17 years, potentially putting up to 1 million workers on unpaid leave, closing national parks and stalling medical research projects.
This photo gallery is featured in these articles:

My Word! U.K. Etiquette Experts Say BCCs Are  DeceptiveEmail
We've all been there: you blind copy (or bcc) someone into an email chain,  they reply all – and your cover is blown.
Well now, Debrett's, the publisher of a centuries-old guide to British  upper-class decorum, has deemed the practice of bcc-ing "deceptive."
featurepics.com
The publisher of a centuries-old guide to British upper-class decorum, has deemed the practice of bcc-ing "deceptive."
Debrett's, which was founded in 1769 and describes itself as "a source on  British social skills, etiquette and style", has published an updated guide to  modern manners. 
Perhaps unsurprisingly, the issues of concern have changed over the past few  hundred years, with this year's guide including sections on the use of mobile  phones, MP3 players and "social netiquette".
Read More You earn how much?!  Breaking the workplace taboo
But one of the most commonly asked questions involves the dreaded bcc – which  the publisher says needs to be "used with discernment; It is deceptive to the  primary recipient." 
Video: The Huffington Post has compiled a list of bathroom etiquette guidelines, including not pushing the flush handle with your foot.
Instead of bcc-ing a third party into an email, Debrett's says the email  should be forwarded on to this party after it's been sent. The only time a bcc  is appropriate, according to the publisher, is when sending a confidential email  where recipients need to remain anonymous. Then, the sender should bcc all  recipients while addressing the email to themselves. 
But not everyone is convinced. Lucy Kellaway, associate editor and management  columnist of the Financial Times, describes Debrett's alternative as  "rotten"
"Of course, Debrett's is right that the bcc is underhand. But then offices  are always going to be places where some of what happens is a bit underhand as  information does not flow freely," she wrote in a column for the FT. 
Read More Slideshow: How Rich Are  the British Royals?
Other workplace advice from the latest Debrett's Guide include: "never  repeatedly check your phone during a meeting" and "never discuss salary with  your colleagues".
People are also advised that "illicit material spreads like wildfire so talk  with caution within the office walls". 
© 2014 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved
Tags:

JPMorgan still in physical commoditiesJPMorgan has not ‘exited physical commodities’ despite sale
Neil Hume, Commodities Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/00a2ae9e-60e7-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

JPMorgan Faces Justice Department Criminal Probe
Ex-Goldman star Thornton joins PinebridgeAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

2014 election results
Cards Against Humanity delivers a load of bull(bleep) again1
Last year's campaign cost $12 and shipped 12 gifts, representing the 12 days of Christmas, to 100,000 people. The surprises ranged from a lump of Pennsylvania anthracite coal to a new game the team commissioned, called Cluster(bleep), and a customized Cards Against Humanity card with the recipient's name printed on it.
It sold out in less than six hours.
This year's deal is $15 for the "10 Days or Whatever of Kwanzaa" campaign, which will result in 250,000 people receiving 10 packages each. Kwanzaa lasts seven days, in case you were wondering.
"It looks like it's going to take a couple of days to sell out, which is good because that means normal people, like my parents and people with jobs, will have time to get it," said Temkin, who lives in Chicago.
It's never going to be a moneymaker in the strictest sense because the difference between what the company brings in and what it spends to make and ship the gifts goes to charity.
It is, however, a publicity stunt. An elaborate one. Risky, too.
That's 2.5 million pieces of mail in 10 days, being coordinated for the first time via the company's new, internal shipping software. (Sayonara Fulfillment by Amazon!) The logistics demand that the gifts be sent to the presses long before sales begin today.
So if 250,000 people don't want this thing, well … let's just say Temkin is going to sweat a lot today as the team watches its sales counter online.
"Strategically, the reason we're doing it is that we want people to remember we exist during the holidays," Temkin said. "That's when the whole country buy toys and games, and we don't spend any money on advertising. So it's easy for us to get lost."
So they pull a stunt. Or stunts.
Last year, they announced on Twitter and Facebook: "BLACK FRIDAY BLOWOUT SALE! Today only, all Cards Against Humanity products are $5 more! Drop the turkey leg, get out your wallet, and get in on this once-in-a-lifetime deal!"
"It gives people a great story," Temkin said of the campaigns. "And maybe you go to a party and talk about what gift you got that day. So we're trying to create word-of-mouth interest."
This time, Cards is adding a stunt on top of the stunt. As gifts begin arriving, Temkin says the company will release an online puzzle designed by Seattle-based game and puzzle maker Mike Selinker.
"They'll be a huge reward and surprise for people who solve it," Temkin said. "We think it's the hardest puzzle ever made."
So hard, Temkin says, it's going to be devilish.
What a warm holiday image.

Hellmann s Maker Sues Eggless Mayo Company For False AdvertisingHellmann's Maker Sues Eggless Mayo Company For False Advertising
Posted:
Updated:
11/11/2014  9:59 am EST
NEW YORK, NY - OCTOBER 19:  Food on display at the Hampton Creek station at the Grand Tasting presented by ShopRite featuring KitchenAidÂ® culinary demonstrations presented by MasterCard during the Food Network New York City Wine & Food Festival Presented By FOOD & WINE at Pier 94 on October 19, 2014 in New York City.  (Photo by Bryan Bedder/Getty Images for NYCWFF) | Bryan Bedder via Getty Images
reddit
You have to break some eggs to make an omelet and, according to a lawsuit from the maker of Hellmann's, the same goes for mayonnaise.
The food company Unilever is suing a California company that uses the word "Mayo" in its sandwich spread name, saying that federal regulators and dictionaries define mayonnaise as a spread that contains eggs.
The suit claims false advertising by the company Hampton Creek for labeling its egg-free product "Just Mayo."
Unilever holds the biggest share of the U.S. mayonnaise market, which is estimated to be worth $2 billion annually, according to market-research firm Euromonitor.
Euromonitor says that's more than twice the size of the ketchup market.
Hampton Creek did not immediately return a call from The Associated Press seeking comment early Tuesday.
More:

Holiday spending forecast calls for modest growth in ChicagoHoliday spending forecast calls for modest growth in Chicago
Macy's
Mario Tama, Getty Images
Chicagoans plan to spend $1,295 per household on holiday items this year.
Chicagoans plan to spend $1,295 per household on holiday items this year. (Mario Tama, Getty Images)
Chicago shoppers are optimistic, but their holiday spending won't really show it.
Ryan Wojcik is in high spirits heading into the holidays.
He is in a new city, has several promising job prospects on the horizon, and is in a better financial position than he was a few years ago, when he graduated from Purdue University with a degree in political science and found himself in an employment desert, scraping by as a leasing agent making $8 an hour.
But despite his bright outlook, Wojcik, 26, who recently moved to Chicago from Arizona, doesn't plan to shell out any more money on holiday gifts or festivities than he did last year.
During a recent visit to Woodfield Mall in Schaumburg, the Tribune talked to shoppers about their holiday spending and shopping plans. Here's what they had to say: ( Alexia Elejalde-Ruiz )
Scarred from entering the job market in the midst of what still felt like a recession, he is being prudent and saving his extra income in case the economy plunges again.
"I'm afraid it could get worse again, so I'm still cautious," Wojcik said while taking a rest after visiting J.C. Penney at Woodfield Mall in Schaumburg. "It got so bad so quickly it still could go off a cliff."
Even as optimism about the economy climbs to pre-recession levels, one forecast suggests Chicago area consumers like Wojcik will keep a lid on their expenses as they make the holiday shopping rounds.
Chicagoans plan to spend $1,295 per household on holiday items this year, up just 2 percent from last year, far more modest than the 13 percent bump in holiday spending Windy City shoppers anticipated last year, according to consulting firm Deloitte, which polled 509 Chicago-area residents as part of its larger national holiday survey.
But Chicagoans aren't lacking in generosity, with an expected 11 percent increase in spending on gifts. Money spent on entertaining at home is expected to rise 15 percent, while the other categories specified in the survey, including socializing away from home, holiday decor and spending on gifts for oneself, will decline.
The Chicago forecast is gloomier than Deloitte's national survey of 5,000 U.S. consumers, which shows shoppers planning to increase holiday spending by 13 percent, to $1,299, and spending up across all categories.
0
Tom Compernolle, principal in the retail division at Deloitte, said he was surprised by the gap, because Chicago usually isn't so far out of sync with the rest of the nation. Forty-three percent of Chicagoans said they planned to spend less during the holidays, compared with 37 percent nationally.
While the survey didn't directly ask why people are trimming their budgets, nearly half of Chicagoans who plan to rein in spending said they wish to live more responsibly, compared with 36 percent who gave that reason nationally, Compernolle said. As possible reasons, he said job growth in Chicago was less than in the U.S. as a whole, and that more unemployed people were represented in Deloitte's random Chicago sample than in the national sample, or the nuances of calculating averages.
"The ones who are spending less are spending significantly less and that pulls down the average," Compernolle said.
The holiday shopping season, which accounts for one-fifth of the retail industry's $3.2 trillion in annual sales, is getting underway as the economy presents a mixed bag.
The unemployment rate for the Chicago region has been improving, dropping to 6.2 percent in September from 8.6 percent a year earlier and a high of 10.4 percent in 2009, but it still has not returned to pre-recession 2007 levels of 5 percent, according to the Illinois Department of Employment Security.
Meantime, wages have been stagnant among white-collar and blue-collar workers alike for more than a decade, said Lawrence Mishel, president of the nonprofit Economic Policy Institute. In Illinois, the median hourly wage was $17.22 in 2013, flat compared with $17.26 in 2012, and he expects it didn't budge in 2014.
"Most people spend based on what they earn on the job," Mishel said. "They don't have other sources of income that matter that much."
But the mood of the shopper is positive, with two-thirds telling Deloitte the economy is good or getting better, in line with pre-recession levels, Compernolle said. Nine percent of Chicagoans said they think the economy is healthy, a sharp rise from 5 percent a year earlier, while the percentage of people who believe the economy is slowly recovering or still in recession has declined.
Chicagoans are generally more optimistic than the national average, with 49 percent believing the economy will improve next year, compared with 44 percent nationally.
Notably, Compernolle said, a growing proportion of Chicagoans say they plan to wait until December to do the majority of their holiday shopping — 44 percent this year versus 39 percent last year — which could reflect a more confident consumer and the declining significance of Black Friday.
"When the economy was not doing well the doorbusters and other hyperpromotions meant a lot to people," Compernolle said. "With times being better, people aren't willing to stand in line for a DVR."

Exploring the world in whorlsUpdated: November 13, 2014 17:28 IST
Exploring the world in whorls
Priyadershini S.
arts (general)
Jitish Kallat, curator of the KMB 2014, talks about his vision for the second edition of the exposition that begins in December.
The countdown to the Kochi-Muziris Biennale (KMB), 2014 has begun. The mega art event that opens on December 12 will showcase multi-media works of over 90 artists at seven venues across Kochi. Expectations are rife and high about this second edition, after the maiden contemporary art show met with resounding success. Viewers, sceptics, critics and followers wait in anticipation for the curtains to go up.
Much rests on Jitish Kallat, the Mumbai-based artist and curator of KMB 2014. One of the leading names in contemporary art, Jitish works across mediums and has participated in major exhibitions around the world with solo projects in major museums. His works are part of prized collections of individuals and museums, internationally.
Born in Mumbai in 1974 Jitish’s parents come from Thrissur. But it is Mumbai and urban India that motivate him naturally. “I am an uprooted Malayali, a bit like a potted plant,” he says. Jitish speaks of the massive work his team is into and of his round-the-clock dialogue with artists, in what he terms as the “third semester of curatorial pregnancy.”
Excerpts from a chat with the artist who enunciates his vision, calling the exhibition ‘Whorled Explorations’.
What is your curatorial vision? Your guidelines to artists for this project?
Two historical episodes from this region became starting points. The 14th to 17th Centuries was a time when the Kerala School of Astronomy and Mathematics was making transformative propositions for locating human existence within the wider cosmos. It was also the moment when the shores of Kochi were closely linked to the maritime chapter of the ‘Age of Discovery’. The maps changed rapidly in the 1500s with the arrival of navigators at the Malabar coast, seeking spices and riches… And within the revised geography were sharp turns in history, heralding an age of conquest, coercive trading and colonialism, animating the early processes of globalisation.
A reflection of this navigational history, as well as a shift of one’s gaze, deliberating on the mysterious expedition of our planet Earth hurtling through space at over a dizzying 1,00,000 kilometres per hour, where none of us experience this velocity or comprehend its direction, were two ‘prompts’ made in my letter to artists.
And Kochi becomes central to the project?
I’d say that ‘Whorled Exploration’ takes a view “from” Kochi and not a view “of” Kochi. Kochi in this instance is the viewing device and not the vista.
What are you suggesting to viewers then?
At a very simple level, the project does something we do every day. We go back and forth in time. We might move an object back or forth in space to see it clearly.
One might say that this takes an exaggerated form in the biennale. Some art works may take us back into history or project our attention into the far future, only for us to get a renewed perspective on the present. Others may take us close to a narrative from a neighbourhood in Taipei, or depart in distant space to look at the satellite waste we’ve thrown into orbit around planet earth. I would like viewers to have a multi-dimensional, non-linear, synchronous examination of ideas that matter to our existence.
Over 90 artists. What was your process for selecting the participating artists?
The crux of the curatorial process is dialogue. I began by writing letters, first to 15 artists whose art practices spoke closely to some of the inaugural ideas. My letters were not a thematic curatorial note but a sharing of intuitions in the form of ideas and imagery.
My letters would also vary from artist to artist but the two thought co-ordinates we just spoke about went into every letter.
Can you speak a bit about the title?
When I look back at my notebooks for the biennale, the first scribble was the motif of a ‘whorl’ or the ‘spiral’, a form that carries on into the title of the project. ‘Whorled Explorations’ takes off from the phonetic kinship between world and whorled, but introduced into the sound of the ‘world’ the motif of the vortex, a pointer to life-forces, a recurrent image in plants, our thumb-print, the spin in the oceans and galaxies… an image of creativity but I also think of the hand-drawn scribble as a mark of erasure or over-writing, the concealment of an error or change of mind, a recurrent gesture in the creative process.
What kind of works can one look forward to?
It will be a mix of experiential, narrative and conceptual propositions, all interlaced through the project; some very large works and others that are smaller than a child’s palm, from the expansive to the miniscule. Some pieces take you to dense narratives…
The German artist Peter Rösel will exhibit 458,42 m/sec, 2014, an installation made up of tiny flickering light bulbs that mimic the corresponding rotational ground-speed of planet Earth as measured in Kochi.
There is more support for the KMB…
We are running on the collective optimism of the team, building the project from the ground; a small team stretched to its capacity.
The arts philanthropy landscape in the country is a long way from where it should be and it’s a big struggle. On my part I’ve given this project 15 months of my time, away from my work and studio, as an honorary curator only because the KMB holds a new promise and many of us have to come in to incubate this promise.
From the fact that contemporary art is still a novelty for viewers here, what kind of reaction are you expecting?
My one resounding memory of the last biennale was watching a video by Angelica Mesiti where about a dozen viewers sat through 26 minutes of video playing on four walls. People were not used to this format of four-channel videos but they stayed on and watched.
I feel the local audience brings fresh eyes to contemporary art. Unlike so many other places, a lot of the locals are citizens engaged in cultural, social and political processes which more than compensate for their lack of exposure to contemporary art.

My Best Friend : Owner s Dog Goes Missing on FlightEmail
A search for a man's dog that went missing on a Delta Airlines flight has now entered its second week, and the owner remains skeptical about Delta’s explanation of the dog’s disappearance.
Frank Romano was flying from Los Angeles International Airport to Tampa, Florida, as part of a cross-country move with his family on Oct. 31, when he was told by a Delta agent while boarding the plane that his 6-year-old pit bull, Ty, had gone missing. 
"She took me to the side and said, 'Oh your dog went missing, he chewed through the kennel, but we found him, we just need you to identify him,''' Romano said on TODAY Wednesday. "And then two minutes later, she told me that he ran away an hour ago and they still can't find him." 
TODAY
Owner Frank Romano said he just wants his dog back, who he calls his "best friend."
Delta is investigating the dog's disappearance and assisting with the search, but said in a statement to NBC News that "early indications show procedures were followed and the dog may have compromised the kennel on its own." Delta sent photos of the damaged kennel to Romano, who questions the notion that his dog broke through the crate. He said the airline has since given him a $200 credit for the incident, but that doesn't cover the price tag of losing his dog. 
TODAY
A 6-year-old pit bull named Ty has been missing for two weeks after his owner, Frank Romano, said Delta Airlines told him the dog went missing before he boarded a flight on Oct. 31.
"To me honestly, it looks like it was broken from the outside,'' Romano said about the kennel. "Like the metal door was off the hinges and everything. It doesn't look like a dog bit through that." 
TODAY
Delta Airlines said in a statement that "the dog may have compromised the kennel," while owner Frank Romano believes it was damaged from the outside.
Los Angeles International Airport's administration said in a statement to TODAY that airport personnel searched for the dog but have since suspended the search after receiving no reports of dog sightings. Ty is microchipped, which Romano hopes will lead to his return. 
"I just want my dog back safe and sound,'' Romano said. "He's my best friend. I just want to see him again."
Follow TODAY.com writer Scott Stump on Twitter and Google+ . 
Tags:

Ex-Massey CEO Indicted in Mine Blast That Killed 29
Govt hints at tough steps to improve health of railwaysNew Delhi, November 18, 2014
Updated: November 18, 2014 18:56 IST
Govt hints at ‘tough’ steps to improve health of railways
PTI
A file photo of Minister of State for Railways Manoj Sinha. Photo: Sushil Kumar Verma
TOPICS
railway
Promising to transform the railways soon, the government on Tuesday hinted at taking “tough” and unpopular steps to improve the condition of the cash-strapped largest State-run transporter.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is committed to transformation of the Railways and “I assure you it will happen soon,” Minister of State for Railways Manoj Sinha said at the India Rail Summit in New Delhi.
He went on to add, “Some tough steps will have to be taken for restructuring of railways. Though many will not like it but we have to do it.”
The Minister, however, did not elaborate on the measures, saying, “When the steps are taken, you will see it yourself.”
The railways is incurring losses to the tune of about Rs. 25,000 crore in the passenger segment. At present, this is cross-subsidised by freight earnings.
The NDA government is looking at Foreign Direct Investment, Public-Private-Partnership besides internal resource mobilization for improving the condition of the railways.
The government recently set up a committee headed by noted economist Bibek Debroy to suggest ways to restructure the Railway Board and increase efficiency.
Noting that changes have not happened in railway sector as fast as in other sectors, Mr. Sinha said, “We are on the job.”
Seeking private participation in rail projects, he said, “Being an industry-friendly is not anti-poor. More you converse with industry, it is better for Railways.”
He noted that the NDA government has changed rules to allow 100 per cent FDI in railway projects.
“In the last rail budget, we have consciously taken the decision not to take any populist measures,” Mr. Sinha said.
Currently railways is focusing on completion of existing projects coupled with a plan to build diamond quadrilateral network of high speed rail, connecting major metros and growth centres of the country.
He said passenger and freight loadings have gone up and it will increase further.
At present, railways carry approximately 36 per cent of the total freight traffic while for U.S. and China these are 48 per cent and 47 per cent respectively.

Many hues on the stageNew Delhi, November 13, 2014
Updated: November 13, 2014 17:09 IST
Many hues on the stage
LEELA VENKATARAMAN
Bharatanatyam dancer Navtej Singh and co-artist Anil Panchal performs a dance theatre 'Fana'a'. Photo: Akhilesh Kumar
TOPICS
classical dance
A wrap up of some of the recent performances organised across New Delhi
Jyoti Srivastava, of the four Odissi dancers from the Debaprasad school featured in Nritya Vilasa at New Delhi’s Stein auditorium — mounted as a tribute to Guru Sudhakar Sahoo by Gurgaon institution Nritya Dhara, captured the audience through her sensitive abhinaya. Her ‘Krishna Milap’ with a brief Bhumi Pranam and homage to Krishna’s charm through the verse “Kasturi Tilakam”, concluding with a truncated moksha, had its main component in the lyric in Khamaas “Kilo Sajani keli Kadamba mule” wherein the nayika looking at the Kadamba tree, reminisces with the sakhi about Krishna who romanced with her under its shade. With a kavit and ukkuta phrases strung into the main interpretative fabric, the dancer’s mukhabhinaya along with an immaculate sense of timing, showed how even expressional dance, for optimum effect, needs a perfect feel for rhythmic punctuation.
Vani Madhav, a one time disciple of Guru Debaprasad Das, now under Sudhakar Sahoo, in the simply choreographed Kalavati Pallavi, gave an improved rendition to what one saw of her a few months ago. Her foot contact rhythm though needs more immaculate finish. The abhinaya lyric, Upendra Bhanja’s composition, communicated despite the somewhat lokadharmi expression, in the opening line showing distressed human beings. It is amazing how much like one of this poet predecessors Salabeg’s “Ahe Nila Sahilo” this composition is, in ideas, tune and metre. “Mano uddharana kara he karana.”
Alpana Nayak, more known in her avatar as a worker with the specially gifted, in ‘vichitra varna’ tried to paint a many sided picture of the contemporary woman walking alongside her husband as an equal partner in life, exemplifying qualities divinised through verses on Durga, Kali, Mohini, Ahalya, Yashoda manifestations, tagging it with modern poetry like “Janani mu Janani” “Kshama mor anya Nama.” The idea, simplistic in treatment, needed more subtlety.
That Anita Babu is a well-trained dancer was obvious in the five scenes portraying sringaram, hasyam, bhayam, karunyam and shantam from the Navarasa through episodes based on the Ramayana. While the idea of Rama laughing at the disfigured Shoorpanakha does not chime with one’s idea of the uttama nayaka, the sudden halts and transition points had dramatic intensity.
Sahana’s impressive Bharatanatyam
Sahana Balasubramaniam, now planning a PhD in Mathematics after her MS, shows impressive command over Bharatanatyam. Trained under Guru Saroja Vaidyanathan, her presentation at Tamil Sangam’sTiruvalluvar auditorium in the Papanasam Sivan varnam “Unnai ninaindu ullam…” in Devamanohari displayed commendable control over both technique and expressional aspects of the dance. Apart from the araimandi central concern of Bharatanatyam movement grammar, the full leg and hand stretches revealed neatness, in the immaculately rendered teermanams. With a face capable of emoting, musical statements asking if Krishna is stone hearted (Ullam kallo, kanna), were highly embellished though one felt the overdone petulant anger could have included a little of the persuasive approach too. But that is a matter of opinion. The Pancha Kalyani Devi homage was also communicative. It seemed to take a great deal of mimetic persuasion to get Krishna to finally accompany the Gopi to the Vrindavan Kunj in Swati Tirunal’s Brindavana-saranga “Chaliye kunjanamo”.
Madurai Krishnan’s Hameer Kalyani Tillana provided the concluding note.
With all her accomplishments, Sahana as a performer needs that heightened animation in parts to bring in contrasts to what at present is like the placid waters of a very serene stream, which needs the occasional ripples to make the audience sit up and take note. Time and experience will, one is sure, bring in the changes.
Young talent again
Another young talent Priyanka Ravishankar, a disciple of Prashanti Natyalayam under Vasant Sridhar, at the Sai auditorium here presented Bharatanatyam. For this critic, both Vasanthi Krishna Rao’s vocal support with its melody, classical verities and verbal clarity, one was privileged to hear after years, and Vasanthi Sridhar’s competent nattuvangam were heartening features of the evening. Gifted with a presence, Priyanka’s Pushpanjali start in Gambira Nattai in the foot contact in fractional intervals of rhythm lacked pin-pointed accuracy. That this could be attributed to the need for greater balance due to starting nervousness was proved by the following 13 beat Alaripu which she rendered without blemishes. The Jatiswaram in Saraswati ragam in roopakam, not very simple in the rhythmic setting, could have been at a slower pace to enable firmness of tala.
The Todi varnam “Roopamu Joochi” projected a dancer who has a flair for mukhabhinaya, which with time will get more streamlined. In this case too, for a more assertive quality instead of seeming to be running to catch up all the time, a slower pace would be very rewarding, imparting a more enduring quality to Priyanka’s movements, which in the movements where hands traced a backward straight line or a full stretch tended to get slurred. “Mere to Giridhar Gopala”, the Meera Bhajan, rendered with involvement was followed by the Paras Javali “Smarasundaranguni sari evvare” where the swadheenapatika nayika confident of her place in the beloved’s heart needed to be more decisively brought out. Experience should bring in the fine tuning Priyanka.’s dance needs.
Contemporary vibes
“Just Dots”, at the packed LTG Theatre in New Delhi, was the highly energetic Contemporary dance, Chhau/Ballet mix visualised by Anil Panchal, under the sponsorship of Natya Ballet Centre, which right from the time of Kamala Lal, its founder has shown its high preference for innovative ventures.
Built round the theme of man struggling to conquer his inner demons, till he finally finds that state of ultimate bliss as but dots in the inevitable journey of search for that final state of being, the production had well rehearsed, highly trained dancers.
The sheer physicality of perfectly honed bodies could be seen right from the synchronised Mayurbhanj Chhau Hathya Dhara influenced movements with bow and arrow, sword and spear. The somersaults, the leaps and cart wheeling and Mallakhamb bodies and the way body balanced weight of another body with improvisations being done, were brimful of nervous energy — though the music with superimposed raucous voices seemed very disturbing. Perhaps that was the idea of showing tortured minds!
The shadow play and audio visuals were clever, particularly the questioning with all the scattered dots coming together in a query on the why of life and its trials. Panchal and his female partner in the Ballet/Modern dance inspired scene, expressing the final point of non-duality in the male/female unity, were extremely competent. But the scene was grossly overstretched. At some point, one felt that just body movement, no matter how well executed, becomes repetitive.

Korean new wave washes over cityUpdated: November 19, 2014 09:17 IST
Korean new wave washes over city
SAVITHA GAUTAM
Noreum Machi performing at November Fest. Photo: K. V. Srinivasan
The Hindu
Korean band t 'K Wind'. Photo : K.V.Srinivasan
TOPICS
music festival
Elaborate costumes, dramatic moves and unique rhythms…the audience at the November Fest were spellbound by Korean percussionists Noreum Machi
They made a grand entrance in a ceremonial procession, complete with elaborate costume and headgear. To the beat of drums and wind instruments. That set the mood for an evening of Korean song and rhythm.
Noreum Machi, the only group from across borders to perform at The Hindu Friday Review November Fest 2014, put up a short and sweet show at The Music Academy that was a spectacle all the way.
The new wave percussion group, considered one of the most prominent propagators of traditional Korean music, draws its distinctive style from minstrel singing, and has a contemporary edge to make communication with a new audience easier.
What we heard and saw that evening was a combination of dominant percussion sounds, Shaman singing and almost acrobatic movements — a superb show of skill and talent. The group, formed in 1993, comprised Kim Ju Hong, Lee Ho Won, Kim Jong Myung, Oh Hyun Ju and Park Mi Eun. And the instruments they used were the janggo, an hourglass-shaped drum often referred to as Korea’s national instrument; the buk, a double-headed barrel drum; the kkwaenggwari, a small gong and the jing, a large gong.
The rhythm and melody are said to be based on the principles of Yin and Yang, and on the five elements coming together.
Noreum Machi is known to perform music known as samulnori, a modernised adaptation of p’ungmul nori, a ritualistic celebratory event which has its origins in shamanism as performed by farmers at harvest festivals.
So, there was plenty of drama in the pieces performed by Noreum Machi, which were both visually arresting and aurally soothing. The artistes twirled like dervishes to a fast tempo, and the ribbons attached to their headgear created interesting patterns in the air as they moved their heads to the drumbeats. At no point did the performers miss a beat or a step.
There was precision, there was energy, and there was synchrony. Noreum Machi kept the audience spellbound with its special brand of music. And how!
Food talk
At the end of the show, the audience was treated to Bibimbap, a signature Korean dish that’s made of rice, meat and assorted vegetables. One can make endless variations of this dish depending on tastes and dietary requirements. Traditional and authentic versions of Bibimbap are served with raw beef and raw egg yolk along with vegetables.

A Shah in pursuit of acting truthUpdated: November 18, 2014 01:09 IST
A Shah in pursuit of acting truth
Hari Narayan
AND THEN ONE DAY — A Memoir: Naseeruddin Shah Penguin Books India Pvt. Ltd., 11, Community Centre, Panchsheel Park, New Delhi-110017. Rs. 699.
TOPICS
celebrity
Do mavericks and iconoclasts have guardian angels? Naseeruddin Shah admits in And Then One Day that he has one. And in the course of the book, we feel that Shah has been the blue-eyed boy of the angel. Not because of his numerous acting achievements but because he has been spared the burden of superlatives that come with such achievements, yet created his niche.
His own persona being devoid of any stardom, it is a certain delectable effortlessness that gives Shah the ability to be the enfant terrible in his memoir without having apprehensions about ruffling any feathers. When he invokes the Polish theatre legend Jerzy Grotowski to say that “our poverty of resources should be our strength”, isn’t he giving a glimpse into his own thought process — referring to his lack of faux-modesty, to his own approach to acting which is devoid of many embellishments? Isn’t his ability to provoke and at the same time make an observer reflect through his writing a product of this weltanschauung?
And isn’t this poverty one of the factors that give him the complete freedom to experiment, not just with his acting but also with his memoir?
Written during quieter moments of contemplation amidst the cacophony of shooting schedules, And Then One Day is among the more honest, the most left-field and, in many ways, the most astringent of memoirs written by an actor so far. It is an account of Shah’s experiments with truth, his journal of self-discovery.
And it is a meditation on how Shah wrestles with his own alter-egos to find his place in the arena of acting, that of his search for an “acting truth” or “psychological truth”, as he puts in different places. Though he doesn’t exactly consider himself a ‘method actor’, discovery of a suitable ‘method’ to approach acting is the defining leitmotif of this book.
Shah questions the way most performers relate to and explain their acting when he asks, “If acting is indeed a craft like a carpenter’s, why do most actors find it impossible to explain how in their work, the wood so to say is sawed into the required shapes and the pieces put together to create?”
Finding answers in the modus vivendi of Russian acting pioneer Constantin Stanislavsky, Shah wants to construct a system which can actually be defined and practised. It has to be based not on escapist fantasies but accurate human behaviour, one that would be foolproof and would work regardless of whether the actor is “having a good day” or is able to “seize the moment”.
The book traces the journey of Shah’s wandering soul — through its tribulations, peccadilloes and trysts with different professions — before finding its abode in the arena of acting but still being largely restless in its ever-expanding comfort zone.
Through this journey, the “sense of wonder” he felt when he watched his first stage performance as a child stays alive, making sure that he doesn’t take either his successes or failures too seriously.
Shah is brutally honest when he says that he was “bestowed by nature with arrogance”, and that too “in abundance”. However, he is also humble to admit that his success was not entirely about his talent or his efforts; it was also about his being in the right place at the right time. And that he didn’t choose art films, they chose him, with directors like Shyam Benegal creating the kind of cinema he enjoyed doing, aiding him in finding his “spot”.
Apart from the places where Shah experiences his moments of acting truth — for instance after working on Edward Albee’s play ‘Zoo story’ when he feels in complete control of his acting — the book is at its most inspirational when he talks of actors and performances that acted as his inspiration. These are ones whose excellence on screen he could aspire to match.
The first person is a certain obscure street performer who planted the seeds of wonder in his mind when he was a child; the second, and the one he is most reverential toward, is ‘Shakespeare Wallah’ Geoffrey Kendal. He also admires Shammi Kapoor for his dancing and, in a rather unselfconscious manner, Dara Singh for his machismo. Then there is Spencer Tracy, whose ordinary looks in The Old Man and the Sea make Shah believe that appearances won’t be a handicap when it comes to making his intensity felt as an actor.
Shah’s acting approach helps him while representing realism but lets him down when it comes to the make-believe stuff. And after spells of frustration doing such ‘commercial cinema’, he experiences satisfaction while shooting for auteur-driven films like Sparsh and Masoom. We get an impression that Shah enjoys his acting the most when the director believes in his own vision and has a definite roadmap — like in the case of Sai Paranjape and Shekhar Kapur for the above-mentioned films.
Taking inspiration from the likes of Stanislavsky and Anton Chekhov, Shah aspires not for showmanship but “accuracy of behaviour” by trying to empathise not just with the character the plays but with the situation as a whole and by making an attempt to understand the character’s position in the larger scheme of things.
Hence, right from his early acting days, he tries locating himself as an element in the whole idea rather than an enigma too big for the script to handle. And his desire, as a recalcitrant recluse, to relate to ‘this whole’ in his personal and professional lives is what gives And Then One Day its lifeblood.

Nokia bounces back with launch of Android tablet N1Updated: November 18, 2014 23:03 IST
Nokia bounces back with launch of Android tablet N1
Reuters
Tweet
Reuters
Sebastian Nystrom, head of product business at Nokia Technologies, presents N1, Nokia's new Android tablet at the Slush 2014 event in Helsinki.
TOPICS
new product
Nokia revives the brand with launch of iPad look-alike tablet, which is planned to be in stores in China in the first quarter of next year for an estimated price of $249 before taxes.
Nokia of Finland on Tuesday launched a new brand-licensed tablet computer, which is designed to rival Apple’s iPad Mini, just six months after the company sold its ailing phones and devices business to Microsoft for over $7 billion.
Nokia, a name which was once synonymous with mobile phones until first Apple and then Samsung Electronics eclipsed the Finnish company with the advent of smart phones, said the manufacturing, distribution and sales of the new N1 Tablet, will be handled under licence by Taiwan’s Foxconn.
The aluminium-cased N1, which runs on Google’s Android Lollipop operating software but features Nokia’s new Z Launcher intelligent home screen interface, is due to be in stores in China in the first quarter of next year for an estimated price of $249 before taxes, with sales to other markets to follow.
Sebastian Nystrom, head of products at Nokia’s Technologies unit, said the company was looking to follow up with more devices and would also look into eventually returning to the smartphones business by brand-licensing.
“With the agreement with Microsoft, as is customary, we have this transition and we can’t do smartphones... We have a time limit. In 2016 we can again enter that business,” Mr. Nystrom told Reuters.
“It would be crazy not to look at that opportunity. Of course we will look at it.”
Microsoft last week dropped the Nokia name on its latest Lumia 535 smartphone, which runs on its Windows Phone 8 operating system, but still uses the brand for more basic phones.

Rajan wants focus on sustainable growthPORT LOUIS, November 18, 2014
Updated: November 18, 2014 22:19 IST
Rajan wants focus on sustainable growth
Reuters
economic indicator
'The government has been putting together a series of reforms which I think cumulatively amount to big reforms’
India will focus on sustainable economic growth and developed economies should do the same, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan said here on Tuesday.
The RBI is under corporate and government pressure to bring down interest rates and boost economic growth.
“We have to make sure that across the world we focus on sensible, sustainable sources of growth,” Dr. Rajan told reporters in Mauritius on Tuesday.
“Developing countries understand that very well... It is something that Mauritius is trying to do. It is also something that India is trying to do. It is something that even the developed world has to realise it has to do.”
India’s economy has grown at less than 5 per cent for the last two years. It picked up some momentum to grow 5.7 per cent in the June quarter, but this is still way below the near double-digit growth last seen in 2008.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Monday suggested the bank could consider a rate cut, noting slower inflation.
Dr. Rajan has often emphasised that sustained economic growth requires inflation to fall and stay low.
“Lots of work to do to get India back on a strong growth path. The government has been putting together a series of reforms which I think cumulatively amount to big reforms. The central bank is putting together reforms. My sense is we will do what it takes,” Dr. Rajan said.

Buy Banking  Auto Stocks on Dips: Deven ChokseyYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Buy Banking, Auto Stocks on Dips: Deven Choksey
Published On:                  November 17, 2014                 | Duration: 6 min, 13 sec

Ford Recalls 65K Fusion Sedans for Ignition Issue
One in 30 American Children Is Homeless  Report Says
Hydrogen Car Unveiled (But Good Luck Trying to Fill It)
Poll: Most Think Self-Driving Cars Are  Dangerous
GM s Faulty Ignition Claims Deadline Extended
Radical face of Saudi WahhabismUpdated: November 19, 2014 01:32 IST
Radical face of Saudi Wahhabism
S. Irfan Habib
Tweet
Reuters
DANGEROUS LESSONS: If the Islamic State is detonating shrines, it is following the precedent set in the 1920s by the House of Saud. Picture shows the Prophet Younis Mosque after it was destroyed in a bomb attack by Islamic State militants in Mosul.
TOPICS
conflict (general)
The agenda of the Islamic State today is merely an extension of the devious plan laid down by Abdul Wahhab almost two hundred years ago
It is ironical indeed that the Turkish regime today is implicated in propping up a terrorist group called the Islamic State (IS), which has vowed to spread Wahhabi Islam all over the world. The present Wahhabism, legitimated and empowered by the Saudi regime, has violent, almost criminal, origins in the 19th century. If we care to look into its beginnings, we won’t be surprised at its utter contempt for human life and everything else which doesn’t conform to its own narrow/sectarian agenda. Let me explain the irony first.
It was the Ottoman regime which bore the brunt of Wahhabi Islam soon after it became a force in the Central Arab region. The toxic combine of 18th century Islamic scholar Abdul Wahhab and the first monarch of Saudi Arabia Ibn Saud posed a challenge to the Ottoman rule. They also questioned the prevalent Islamic beliefs and practices. The Turks not only defended their power but also assiduously fought for the mystic Islam they had professed and supported all these years. The Ottomans fought and exiled the Wahhabis to the Arab deserts where they remained for almost a century. This Wahhabi bigotry was condemned by the Turks as criminal and unIslamic. The sad irony is that the current Turkish regime has joined the Wahhabi bandwagon, forgetting all about the Bektashis, Qadiris and other dervishes they had cherished all these centuries. The IS agenda today is merely an extension of the devious plan laid down by Abdul Wahhab almost 200 years ago. Let us look at this so-called puritan Islam proposed by the Wahhabis, its violent ‘othering’ of Muslims they disliked and the parallels with the present day IS terrorists.
Hate-filled agenda
Muhammad ibn Abdul Wahhab, the founder of Wahhabism, and his radical, exclusionist puritanism became deadlier when Ibn Saud decided to add its religious fervour to his banditry. (The latter was then no more than a minor leader amongst many of continually fighting and raiding Bedouin tribes in the desperately poor deserts of the Nejd.) Thus Abdul Wahhab, in collaboration with Ibn Saud, the founder of Saudi Arabia, laid down its sectarian and hate-filled agenda. He denounced his opponents and all Muslims unwilling to accept his views as idolaters and apostates, and abused the prophets, scholars, saints and other pious figures of the past. All those who did not adhere to his proposed version of Islam were to be killed; their wives and daughters violated. Shias, Sufis, and other Muslims whom he judged unorthodox were to be exterminated, and all other faiths to be humiliated or destroyed. With this awful doctrine, the foundation was laid for Islamic fundamentalism, leading ultimately to terrorism, vitiating the lives of not only Muslims but everyone else in the world.
Most of the so-called Islamic terrorist groups today are inspired by this devious political ideology. Saudi money and power has succeeded in mainstreaming this hate-filled conning of Islam as the true, puritan Islam, where any deviation is dubbed as unIslamic. Unfortunately, most Western writers on Islam took Wahhabi claims to represent reform against the alleged decadence of traditional Islam at face value. American journalist Stephen Schwartz says that the Wahhabi rejection of ostentatious spirituality is much the same as the Protestants detesting the veneration of saints in the Roman Church. Western observers have seen the movement as analogous with Christian Reformation. Sadly, they have failed to make a distinction between reform and bigotry.
IS and other terrorist groups today have taken the original Wahhabi perversion to even greater heights where they don’t even refer to their roots. The Saudi regime itself feels threatened by the monster their ideology helped create. They have publicly distanced themselves from IS terrorism and even used the chief cleric of Mecca to declare IS terrorism a heinous crime under sharia law. This is one consistent duplicity which the Saudis have pursued whenever they found themselves stuck in a tight spot.
However, the stark parallels between IS and its ilk and the Saudi-Wahhabi travesty are telling. If IS is detonating shrines, it is following the precedent set in the 1920s by the House of Saud with the Wahhabi-inspired demolition of 1,400-year-old tombs in the Jannat ul Baqi cemetery in Medina. Again, the hatred for the Shia Muslims is one of the core beliefs of the Wahhabis. The earliest destructions and killings they carried out were in Karbala in the early 19th century, which was followed by the looting and wrecking of the tomb of Hussain, the grandson of the Prophet. Whatever be the face, bile against the Shias has remained a constant throughout Wahhabi-Saudi history, which is being carried forward by its latest flag bearers, the IS and Al Qaeda.
Wahhabism’s reinvention
Why did hydra-headed Wahhabism become so menacingly active during the past few decades? One factor may be the Iranian Revolution of the 1970s, which was perceived as a threat by Wahhabism that had begun to look dated by then. It, therefore, had to reinvent itself to remain relevant. This reinvention had deadly manifestations such as the Boko Haram, the Al Shabab, the Al Qaeda, the Taliban and now the IS, and many others all over the world. Even Shia Islam changed radically in the post Ayatollah Khomeini era; it is no more as relaxed as it used to be.
The Saudi and Qatari regimes seem to have realised that they have created a monster in ISIS, which is now a threat to their own peaceful existence. Though IS remains deeply Wahhabist, it is ultra radical and “could be seen essentially as a corrective movement to contemporary Wahhabism.” Today, a collective military action seems to be the only way to check the IS menace, but a lasting peace in the Islamic world is possible only if a battle is waged within Islam to change the mindset. Besides we need to look beyond the usual Islamophobic and Islamophilic perspectives.
(S. Irfan Habib holds the Maulana Abul Kalam Azad Chair, National University of Educational Planning and Administration, New Delhi.)

India may see rating upgrade in 2015: Deepak ParekhZee Business Bureau Chief Mihir Bhatt caught up with HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh on the latter's views on Indian Economy, Capital Markets, Reforms and way forward.
Excerpts from his interview.
There is a lot of of optimism in the country following the 2014 general elections results. Do you think the actions taken by the new government are promising so far?
It takes time for the reforms to be implemented. There are procedural changes, which need enough time. Government has taken a big step of diesel deregulation. All government biddings will be done online which will bring-in transparency. We need to understand that GST is good for the country. It is a big country, there are complex issues and it will take time for things to materialise.
 
What is your take on GDP of the country?
It is not possible for GDP to touch 9 percent in one year. Foreign investors have high expectations from India. Growth will inch up gradually.
 
What should be the government's priorities at this point?
Government has taken good initiatives so far. Campaigns like Digital India, Clean India, Make in India are good for the country. Make in India is a very important campaign. Manufacturing sector has been on a downward spiral due to number of approvals. PM knows very well how to make 'Make in India' a great success. He knows how to make it more customer-oriented.
Make in India campaign will help create jobs in the country. Gujarat is promptly giving land to set up industries and open universities. Approvals for housing should be eased.
At present, we need to have nearly 50 approvals to build a house which takes almost 2-3 years to get the final clearance. Slew of approval enhances corruption. Hence, there should be single window approval.
 
There is optimism in the market and it is termed as the 'Modi rally'. Do you think market is running ahead of time?
Too much money is chasing India. Foreigners are wanting to invest here. There is too much liquidity in the market and SEBI, NSE and BSE have made lot of improvements for easy buying of shares.
 
Expectations have build up for re-rating. Do you think re-rating is possible in this financial year?
Rating agencies would want to see what is the policy thrust. Maybe after Budget, India's rating may go a notch higher. I am confident that in 2015 we would be elevated a notch up.
 
There are high expectations that RBI may cut rates. Do you see Raghuram Rajan going ahead and cutting rates?
It is not possible to bring down inflation in 1-2 months. 25-50 basis points rate cut is possible. We need to see a sustained fall in inflation.
 
What are your growth expectations in the next 2 years. Can we be closer to 8%?
I am expecting 1 percent additional growth rate. Hoping for more than that is difficult. Investment decisions will take time to be implemented.
 
What does the government need to do to increase the pace of growth?
Government needs to work a lot on governance. Taxation is a big issue, both direct and indirect.
Service tax is also an issue. There are lot of disputes in transfer pricing. We need to improve taxation, transfer pricing. We need clarity on taxation. We need judicial, electoral and police reforms. State government must initiate judicial, electoral reforms.
 
Do you think government is at a point where it can choose which side of the fence to stand on? If the government does not cash in on the opportunities, it will be one of the biggest blunders. Your thoughts...
Take off has just begun. We are optimistic. We need to give the government a chance.
 
First Published: Wednesday, November 19, 2014 - 00:22
0

Why its cheaper right now to get a loan for a new car than a used oneBy Jonnelle Marte November 18 Follow @jonnelle
New cars parked at the Holden manufacturing plant in Adelaide, Australia. (Photo by Morne de Klerk/Getty Images)
Is your car about to give out? It might be a good time to upgrade, especially if you have your eye on a new one.
Interest rates for car loans overall are down this quarter when compared to the start of 2012, but they are much cheaper for new car loans, according to a report from Wallet Hub , a financial comparison Web site.
The average rate on a 36-month loan for a new car fell to 4.31 percent this quarter, about 20 percent lower than the rate for a similar loan on a used car. That compares to 2012, when the rates for new car loans were about 10 percent lower than those on used car loans.
The lower rates on new cars might be enough to encourage people to take another look at a new car. “The price for a new car is generally higher than that of a used car,” says Jill Gonzalez, a spokeswoman for Wallet Hub, “but that’s still something to take advantage of if you’re a consumer.”
Some people can reduce the amount they pay in interest — no matter what car they buy — if they pay down their car loans faster than required, she says. Wallet Hub analyzed financing offers from 157 lenders, including banks, credit unions and car dealerships, and calculated what people would spend in interest to buy new and used cars.
The best deals are still reserved for people with the best credit. A borrower with an excellent credit score, one of 720 and up, might pay about $6,000 less in interest charges over the life of a five-year loan than someone with fair credit, or a score between 620 and 659, the report found.
The disparity shows that even though terms are more favorable for car buyers overall, banks and dealerships still prefer borrowers with long credit histories, steady payment records and low debt levels. “They want to know they’ll be getting their money back as quickly as they can,” Gonzalez says.
Of course, actual loan terms will vary based on a person’s circumstances. Lenders will factor in things that weren’t accounted for in the study, like income, location, special promotions and a person’s negotiating skills, Gonzalez says.
More people are  buying cars and trucks , partly because of a drop in gas prices . And as our columnist Michelle Singletary points out, some people are  stretching out their auto loans as a way to afford more expensive cars, but the move can cost them more in the long run.
Read More:

This Isn t Your Typical Apple Storereddit
Just for a day, an "Apple Store" showed off neither phones nor computers but actual Apples.
To celebrate its 1,000th anniversary last month, London's Borough Market turned a section of its indoor shopping hall into a display of 1,000 different apple varieties. The exhibition also marked the market's “Apple Day," a festival honoring the end of the harvest. It was up for just one day, on October 26.
The display, called a "Real Apple Store," was built in the style of an Apple retail store, including a glass storefront with a familiar-looking white logo:
The front window displayed a white vinyl decal
Inside were long, rectangular tables with rows of products -- in this case, apples.
The installation displayed 1,000 different apples
“This country’s love affair with the apple is no secret -- we have been eating apples for centuries," David Matchett, market development manager at Borough Market, wrote in a statement. "However, there are some varieties under threat and we risk losing the diversity of this delicious fruit."
Each apple had its own stand and placard
There was a special display for one of the world's oldest-known apple varieties, Court Pendu Plat. Every apple variety displayed had a placard about its history and flavor, including obscure varieties such as the aptly named Knobby Russet:
This apple may look irregular, but it is edible
The market commissioned communications agency Tin Man and events company Teamtime Production to create the installation. The project took a couple of weeks of planning and 48 hours to install, a representative for Tin Man told The Huffington Post.
The exhibition drew 1,200 visitors
The Apple Store's design is trademarked . Tin Man didn't contact Apple about the project. But the market did not sell anything in the display and did not claim to be affiliated with Apple.
"We wanted to celebrate the traditional Apple Day in a fun, innovative and modern way. The Real Apple Store is a light-hearted tribute to an iconic 21st century brand," a Tin Man representative told The Huffington Post in a statement. "This was a non-commercial exhibition, free for the public to attend and open for one day only."
Apple declined to comment on the installation.
One wall featured a giant display of apples
The "Real Apple Store" didn't sell any products
[h/t Dezeen ]
Update: This story has been updated to include a new comment from Tin Man about the nature of the event.
More:

Big  Today  Show Shakeupreddit
Well, that was quick.
Only 10 weeks into his role at NBC supervising the "Today" show, television executive Jamie Horowitz has been fired by the network .
NBC News president Deborah Turness broke the news to employees on Monday night.
She had announced Horowitz's hiring earlier this year . He joined NBC News as "SVP and General Manager of the TODAY brand" according to Turness' original memo.
Horowitz, a former ESPN executive, was brought on board to help "Today" reclaim the top morning spot from ABC's "Good Morning America." The Hollywood Reporter claims that he and Turness butted heads during his brief tenure. Sources told The New York Daily News that Horowitz "ran afoul of internal politics and clashed with established executives and talent at the show — who did not like his ideas."
Deadline reports that Horowitz hadn't "technically" even hit his start date yet :
NBC had announced in May that Horowitz would start December 1, overseeing all four hours of the weekday show and the 30 Rock concert series, as NBC News struggles to regain Today’s ratings foothold. According to one insider, that official start date was still on the books so, technically, Horowitz was let go before he started, which has to be some sort of record. In reality, he’d been at the offices about 10 weeks.
The full text of Turness' Monday memo to employees can be read below:
Dear All:
I want to let you know that, effective today, Jamie Horowitz will be leaving NBC News.
Jamie joined us in September as General Manager of the TODAY brand. He's a talented producer and executive, but, together, he and I have come to the conclusion that this is not the right fit.
Because of the hard work of so many of you, and an anchor team that is hitting on all cylinders, the show has great momentum and is closing the ratings gap. The exclusives keep coming and there is a great energy both on- and off-air, and in digital and social. My focus - as always - is to support this special brand and its amazing and dedicated staff, and to position it for continued success.
The role of General Manager remains an important one, and will be filled in due course. In the interim, I will work closely with both Don Nash and Jen Brown to oversee TODAY.
Please join me in thanking Jamie and wishing him the best.
Deborah
More:

Scientists Pinpoint Cause Of World s Second-Biggest Impact Craterreddit
What kind of object punched a huge hole in Ontario?
Since the 1960s, scientists have believed that the Sudbury Basin, a vast crater in Northern Ontario , was created by the impact of some very large object. But it wasn't clear whether the object was a rocky asteroid or an icy comet--until now.
According to a new study by researchers in Canada and Ireland, it was a comet.
The basin measures about 62 kilometers long by 32 kilometers wide by 15 kilometers deep, making it the second-biggest impact crater on Earth after South Africa's Vredefort crater . With an estimated age of 1.85 billion years, the basin is also one of the oldest impact craters in the world.
The study--a detailed geochemical analysis of 69 rock samples taken from the area--showed that whatever caused the basin vaporized almost completely on impact , according to a written statement released by Trinity College Dublin. Since an asteroid big enough to have created the crater likely wouldn't have vaporized to that extent, the researchers concluded that the "comet-as-culprit" scenario was by far the more likely one.
"Of course, the Rosetta mission that has been in the news lately will (hopefully) provide unprecedented information about the structure and chemistry of comets," Petrus said in an email to The Huffington Post, "so we are waiting anxiously to hear their results!"
The study will be published in the Feb. 1 issue of the journal Terra Nova.
Correction: A previous version of this article reported the basin to have an estimated age of 1.85 million years, which has been corrected to 1.85 billion years.
Also on HuffPost:

How Much Does Immigration Increase Poverty Less than Robert Samuelson Thinks it Doesreddit
It is a common mistake to overestimate the contribution of immigration to the increase in poverty. This week's purveyor of this erroneous association is the Washington Post's Robert Samuelson, who writes in the context of a discussion about immigration reform:
The influx of unskilled Hispanics has sharply boosted U.S. poverty. From 1990 to 2013, Hispanics accounted for 57 percent of the 11.7 million increase in the number of people below the poverty line.
But of course, not all Hispanics are immigrants, and since he's allegedly talking about the poverty implications of immigration reform, he should really be looking at, ya know ... immigrants!
In fact, there are crosscurrents to the impact of immigration on poverty. On the one hand, as Samuelson implies, immigrants tend to be poorer than average, so increasing their share, all else equal, leads to higher poverty. But there's another factor in play: the trend in poverty rates among immigrants.
In fact, their population share has been rising which increases poverty, but their poverty rates have been falling, which pushes the other way.
The table shows these results. (The Census data on immigration start in 1993.)
Source: Census poverty data, tbl 23 ; my analysis.
The immigrant share of the population increases by 4.4 percentage points over these years, but immigrant poverty declines by almost five points, a larger decline than native born poverty which is only slightly down.
So how do we parse out the net effects of these contrary forces? The bottom panel of the table does two little simulations that have a go at this question.
The first line holds population shares of natives and immigrants at their 1993 level but multiplies those shares by 2013 poverty rates. The result is a simulated total poverty rate based on 2013 native and immigrant poverty rates but their 1993 population shares. The difference between this simulated rate and the actual rate can then be assigned to the growth in the immigrant share of the population (and the commensurate decline in the native-born share). As you see, that growth added only two-tenths of a percentage point to total poverty over this period.
The second line uses native shares and rates for 2013, but for immigrants, multiplies the 2013 population share by the 1993 poverty rate. Thus, the only difference between the actual total and this simulated total is the decline in immigrants' poverty over the past 20 years. This shows that the decline in immigrant poverty reduced overall poverty by six-tenths of a point. In other words, had immigrant population shares shifted as they did since 1993 yet their poverty rate hadn't declined, overall poverty would have been 15.1% last year, instead of its actual value of 14.5%.
These are very simple simulations which do not account for interactions -- one could argue that native poverty rates would have fallen more but for immigrant competition. Also, endpoints matter -- you get somewhat different results if you do this over different dates. But the story is pretty much the same ( here are the data if you want to fool around with them yourself).
But the larger point is that there are numerous moving parts here. You have to account for not just increasing immigrants' share of the population, but also "within-group" declines in their poverty rates. Once you do so, at least in my little exercise, you find that the latter lowers overall poverty more than the former raises it.
This post originally appeared at Jared Bernstein's On The Economy blog.
Follow Jared Bernstein on Twitter: www.twitter.com/econjared
More:

Big Change Coming To NordstromNordstrom Is Getting Rid Of Its Big Semi-Annual Sales
Posted:
Updated:
11/18/2014  8:59 am EST
A woman carries a shopping bag while walking past a Nordstrom Inc. store in Santa Monica, California, U.S., on Tuesday, Nov. 12, 2013. Photographer: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
For a certain group of shoppers, there’s nothing quite like a sale at Nordstrom. Ever since it was a budding shoe-seller, the posh fashion retailer has held a set of semi-annual sales to clear out remnants of the previous season -- two sales for menswear, two for women’s and kids apparel and two for shoes. Competitors went the more traditional route of offering store-wide sales on major holidays.
Alas, those days are over. Now Nordstrom will put on sales just like all the other stores.
In place of the old discount schedule, Nordstrom will offer six store-wide sales coinciding with holidays. Like most department stores, the clearances at Nordstrom will occur around Labor Day, Veteran's Day, President's Day, Memorial Day, Father's Day and the day after Christmas. There will be no changes to the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale, which happens every July. The store also partakes in the annual sales frenzy around Black Friday.
"We felt that [old] model really kind of handicapped our ability to improve our flow of fresh new regular price goods," Jamie Nordstrom, president of stores at Nordstrom, said on a conference call with analysts last week. "We saw some opportunities to improve that because we know that's what our customers want. And that's what drives our business."
Shoppers should like this new model, Nordstrom says: There are the same number of sales as before and more goods will be marked down each time. For instance, women can shop all six sales for women's clothes, whereas they could only do that twice a year previously. The retailer says there will be less total days of clearance throughout the year, compared with the old system.
“With all six sales being storewide we will have more merchandise on clearance that we hope will improve the overall customer experience," Dan Evans, a spokesperson for Nordstrom, told The Huffington Post.
The semi-annual Nordstrom shoe sales are no more.
Nordstrom, a 113-year-old company, isn't sure exactly when it started offering the half-yearly sales, but Evans said the tradition has existed "as long as anyone can remember.” The change was noted discreetly on the company’s website, buried in a FAQ page, reported UT San Diego .
In a note to clients issued earlier this month, Sterne Agee analyst Chuck Grom wrote that though the half-yearly sales at Nordstrom had become "stale," the move is a signal that Nordstrom wants to become more like everyone else.
"The company continues to veer away from the Nordstrom of old," wrote Grom. He added that Nordstrom is also making a bigger effort to match prices of other retailers, shoot out more promotional emails and add more sales signage throughout its stores.
Among the department stores, Nordstrom has done quite well of late. Last week, the company reported a 9 percent jump in sales for the quarter, compared to the same period the year prior. Online and mail order sales spiked 22 percent. Both Macy’s and J.C. Penney reported disappointing sales for the same quarter.
More:

Wall St. Makes Most Deals Since 2000
Hellmann s Quietly Edits Website Because Some Of Its Products Aren t Really Mayo EitherHellmann's Quietly Edits Website Because Some Of Its Products Aren't Really Mayo Either
 | By                                                                CANDICE CHOI
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) -- Hellmann's mayonnaise has some egg on its face.
After suing a small California company for calling its eggless product "Just Mayo," Hellman's maker Unilever tweaked its websites to make clear that some of its own products are not exactly mayonnaise either.
Unilever's suit accuses Hampton Creek, the maker of Just Mayo, of false advertising because its product has no eggs and therefore doesn't meet the definition for mayonnaise. The suit says the word mayo implies the product is mayonnaise, and that Just Mayo is "stealing market share from Hellmann's."
Michele Simon, a public health lawyer, said she was discussing the case with Hampton Creek's founder this Friday when they noticed customer reviews on Unilever's websites for Hellmann's and Best Foods were being changed to describe some products as "mayonnaise dressing" rather than "mayonnaise."
The Unilever products in question do not have enough vegetable oil to qualify as mayonnaise.
"They were changing right before our eyes," Simon said.
BEFORE:
AFTER:
The sites had also been changed to make "Canola Cholesterol Free Mayonnaise" into "Canola Cholesterol Free Mayonnaise Dressing."
Mike Faherty, vice president of foods for Unilever North America, said the company decided to make the changes after the issues were raised in a letter from Hampton Creek on Nov. 4. In retrospect, Faherty said Unilever should've taken down the customer comments in question, rather than editing them.
As for the Canola Cholesterol Free Mayonnaise Dressing, Faherty said the company didn't have to add the word "dressing" since the "cholesterol free" modifier already signals to people that the product is not mayonnaise. He said Unilever decided to "provide even more of a qualifier than we need to."
Faherty said Unilever's website changes were a "side issue" to the real problem -- Just Mayo's labeling. In addition to the name, Faherty called out the image of a giant egg with a pea shoot inside it on Just Mayo's jars, which he said makes people think there's egg in the product.
"My mom and your mom are shopping for Thanksgiving right now, and there's a false label in the mayonnaise category," Faherty said. "Their label right now should be 'Just Not Mayo'."
He said Unilever, based in the Netherlands, is open to settling the matter through talks, but that the company hasn't heard back from Hampton Creek.
Josh Tetrick, founder Hampton Creek, said he has been in talks with the Food and Drug Administration over the situation. He said he's confident Just Mayo won't have to change its name since the FDA's standard of identity is for "mayonnaise" and not "mayo." That's why Hampton Creek called its product "Just Mayo" to begin with, he said.
The label for Just Mayo also states the product is egg-free, Tetrick said.
Tetrick founded Hampton Creek to make foods that use plant proteins instead of eggs so that they're healthier and better for the environment. The company also sells a cookie that is made without eggs, and is developing other products, such as pasta.
He said Unilever's lawsuit has resulted in enormous publicity for Hampton Creek, which is based in San Francisco.
"What a thrill the last 10 days have been," he said. "I don't know how many millions of people now know the name Hampton Creek and know what Just Mayo is."
___
Follow Candice Choi at www.twitter.com/candicechoi
More:

In Kenya  Mob Strips Woman Accused Of Being Inappropriately DressedIn Kenya, Mob Strips Woman Accused Of Being Inappropriately Dressed Despite #MyDressMyChoice Protest
 | By                                                                JASON STRAZIUSO
NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — A mob of Kenyan men attacked and stripped a woman claiming she was inappropriately dressed just hours after nearly 1,000 people marched through downtown Nairobi to protest the rising wave of such assaults.
Police responded by arresting nearly 100 people, a police official said Tuesday.
Nairobi police criminal investigations chief Nicholas Kamwende said Tuesday that about 80 of the men arrested were conductors on mini-buses, known as matatus, where a lot of the recent sexual harassment has taken place. The woman attacked Monday evening was taken to a hospital with injuries.
Kamwende called the attacks a "menace" and said police would increase their vigilance to stem the tide of mob harassment.
The mobs of men have attacked women wearing mini-skirts and any outfit they consider too revealing including tight-fitting or sleeveless clothes.
The hashtag #MyDressMyChoice is trending in Kenya's social media as this East African country sees a clash between new, Western lifestyles and traditional African ways. The marchers on Monday demanded the right for women to dress how they want without being harassed or attacked.
Deputy President William Ruto has weighed in on the issue by saying Kenya is not a primitive society and that the attacking men must be arrested.
Conservative groups have countered that women must dress appropriately.
The women's march was organized after grainy mobile phone video made the rounds on social media in Kenya. The video showed a mob of men surround a woman and rip away her clothes until she was naked. Several such videos have emerged in recent days, though women say such attacks have occurred for years.
The attacks are not overtly religious in nature, though this is a conservative, mostly Christian country. The women at the march said there has been sexual harassment for years but it has escalated recently.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Hungry Planet: Can Big Data Help Feed 9 Billion Humans
The Power of Reinvention: Entrepreneurial Lessons from Madonnareddit
Madonna is an iconic figure and stellar entrepreneur.
Whether or not you like her music, her style, or how she goes about getting the attention she does, there's one thing for sure: she's always known how to break the rules of her industry, tread her own path, and dare to reinvent herself time and time again.
Madonna teaches us the power of reinvention: and that is the power we're diving into today.
The power of reinvention takes two forms:
1. Daring to take risks
2. Daring to Change what you do, and how you do it.
Let's start with the power of daring to take risks:
Often in business we want to stay on the safe line. The safe line is where we won't get too much backlash. We don't reveal too much, we don't swear, we don't say something that might offend, we keep it safe.
We keep it safe not because that's what our heart and soul believes but because it's what we think is safe and will help us gather the clients and business foundation we need to flourish.
And yet everything ends up being a little lackluster.
Inside there's a passion burning, a voice that wants to be heard, a message that wants to be spoken, but we scale it back... Back to the Safe Zone.
It makes sense that we do this (at first.) Our psyche's need for stability thrives on it.
We want to be liked, accepted, seen as good -- these are all basic human needs: evolutionarily speaking, it's the need to be accepted by the tribe.
But at some point we lose our voice, our message, and there's nothing new or novel that can be said. We fade away because we never allowed our self to shine.
The alternative? Dare to reinvent yourself by taking a risk.
Start saying what you believe, speak in your own language, quit trying to sound "proper" and start saying the things that your heart is begging to release.
This doesn't mean being rude for the sake of being rude -- actually that's the opposite of coming from your inner power. But it means, if a little raw sarcasm slips out, because that's what you've been frustrated by and you want to start the conversation about something in your industry that just isn't right -- then speak out.
Speak out with grace, yet don't hold back.
Dare to take a risk.
The second lesson: Dare to Change.
Look, Madonna went from white-blond to hot-red to midnight-black. She never cared if she would "look right" with the new shade, she just went for it, dared to reinvent the look.
And this is the second lesson for today:
If your business has been under a style that you're bored of, tired of, doesn't quite feel like you: reinvent it.
It might mean a new logo, a new tagline, a new color scheme, a whole new website-look, all new copy. Whatever it is -- let yourself shine and dare to reinvent.
If you're no longer happy with your offerings, programs, how you're working with clients, then trash it, and dare to reinvent how you're doing business.
Give yourself the freedom to try on a new shade. Give yourself permission to take on a new role.  Maybe you always did 1-on-1 coaching, and you're ready to try group coaching, or teach a workshop or lead a retreat. Dare to change how you do what you do.
You know business is not just about the financial risk, it's also about the risk of time and heart energy that you put into something.
If there's something you've been dying to create, but scared it won't get published/purchased/seen -- but you really really want to create it because you think it would be fun and the creation process will help you come alive -- then do it!
I'm amidst creating a whole new program called Write Your Site, it's to help entrepreneurs write up the copy/content for their website in a way that expresses who they are and will attract the right people to their business. Do I have any idea if this program will flourish? No. But it's a risk.
It's a creative risk to create when you have no idea of the end result. But this is part of what business is all about: taking risks. (P.S. - To get first dibs on when I run the course, and some exclusive freebies that I'll roll out as the course comes together, click here to get on the VIP list )
The final word is this: Reinventing yourself is a risk.
Whether it's a new program, a new look, or even your business -- the courage to take action and change things up and act from your heart, soul, and highest self is what differentiates a lackluster business from a vibrant strong and powerful business.
Here's my challenge for you:
Make a list of 5-10 things you WISH you were doing but aren't (and yes, you can even add dyeing your hair to the list! Sometimes a physical change in us helps us take on other changes in our life and business!)
Choose one of those things and start it -- dedicate one hour to it. It might be writing up a blog post that you were scared to write. It might be crafting a workshop idea that you have no idea if anyone will be interested in, it might be organizing a retreat, even though you've never done it before. Do something that reinvents how you do your business and feels a little risky but right.
Then, in the comments below I want to hear from you.
What risks are you going to take in your business? How do you plan to apply the lesson of reinvention into your business?
Tova Payne is an Author and Consultant to holistic entrepreneurs. Stay connected with Tova and receive a copy of: 5 Keys to Start + Finish Your Business Projects and a Meditation for Business Clarity click here.
Follow Tova Payne on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TovaPayne
More:

Now You Can Play  Smash Bros.  On Your TI-83 Calculatorreddit
Now there's a new way for bored kids to kill time in algebra class -- playing "Super Smash Bros." on their calculators.
"Super Smash Bros. Open" is a program that brings the popular Nintendo game to graphing calculators such as the TI-83 and TI-84. Hayleia , a user at Omnimaga.org , a calculator-game community, built the program, and the Tiny Cartridge blog recently discovered it .
The program draws a map for players to battle on, renders two characters on the screen, and then appears to function like the normal "Super Smash Bros." fighting game, which has been on Nintendo systems going back to the Nintendo 64, with a Wii U version due for release this Friday.
The calculator version even recreates the game's iconic menu design:
The "Super Smash Bros." menu -- on your calculator! (Source: TIplanet.org )
Not surprisingly, there are some limitations to the game design, given that it's running on a calculator better known for showing you what a parabola looks like than competitive fighting action. For instance, it currently only includes two characters, Fox and Falco . But the project's creator purposefully left the game's code open so that others can add more. The project first surfaced on Omnimaga this summer, and users have offered feedback since then, as Hayleia continues to tinker with the code.
Gameplay in "Super Smash Bros. Open." (Source: TIplanet.org )
This isn't the first Nintendo franchise at which Hayleia has taken a stab. In 2011, the programmer presented Pokemon Topaze , which recreated the iconic Japanese roleplaying game (in limited capacity) on graphing calculators.
Hayleia's "Pokemon Topaze" (Source: Omnimaga )
You can learn more about the "Smash Bros." project -- or even contribute your own ideas -- here .
More:

Israel Vows Harsh Response To Synagogue AttackIsrael Vows Harsh Response To Synagogue Attack
 | By                                                                JOSEF FEDERMAN
reddit
JERUSALEM (AP) — Israel vowed harsh retaliation Tuesday for a Palestinian attack that killed five people and left blood-smeared prayer books and shawls on the floor of a synagogue in Jerusalem — an assault that sharply escalated already-high tensions after weeks of religious violence.
The attack during morning prayers in the west Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Nof was carried out by two Palestinian cousins wielding meat cleavers, knives and a handgun. They were shot to death by police after the deadliest assault in the holy city since 2008.
Four of the dead were rabbis and one was a police officer who died of his wounds hours after the attack. Three of the rabbis were born in the United States and the fourth was born in England, although all held dual Israeli citizenship. Five others were wounded.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas condemned the attack, the first time he has done so in the wave of deadly violence against Israelis. But he also called for an end to Israeli "provocations" surrounding Jerusalem's shrines that are sacred to both Muslims and Jews.
Israeli forces keep their position during clashes with Palestinian stone throwers outside the Israeli-run Ofer military prison, near the West Bank city of Ramallah, on November 18, 2014. (Photo: ABBAS MOMANI/AFP/Getty Images)
President Barack Obama called the attack "horrific" and without justification, urging cooperation from both sides to ease tensions and adding that too many Israelis and Palestinians have died in recent months,
Tuesday's attack, however, appeared to mark a turning point, with the gruesome scene in a house of worship shocking a nation long accustomed to violence.
The government released a photo of a meat cleaver it said came from the crime scene. Government video showed blood-soaked prayer books and prayer shawls in the synagogue. A pair of glasses lay under a table, and thick streaks of blood smeared the floor.
"I saw people lying on the floor, blood everywhere," said Yosef Posternak, who was at the synagogue in the quiet neighborhood that has a large community of English-speaking immigrants.
"People were trying to fight with (the attackers) but they didn't have much of a chance," Posternak told Israel Radio.
In one of Israel's first acts of retaliation, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ordered the demolitions of the homes of the attackers. But halting further violence could prove to be a tough challenge as police confront a new threat: Lightly armed assailants from annexed east Jerusalem who hold residency rights that allow them to move freely throughout the country.
Netanyahu condemned the deaths of the "innocent and pure Jews." In a nationally televised address, he accused Abbas of inciting the recent violence and said the Palestinian leader's condemnation of the attack was insufficient.
Israeli soldiers run from tear gas, after Palestinians threw canisters fired at them back towards the soldiers, during clashes outside the Ofer military prison, near the West Bank city of Ramallah, Tuesday, Nov. 18, 2014. (AP Photo/Majdi Mohammed)
Hamas, the militant Palestinian group that runs the Gaza Strip, praised the attack. In Gaza, dozens celebrated in the streets, with some offering trays full of candy.
The U.S.-born victims were identified as Moshe Twersky, 59, Aryeh Kupinsky, 43, and Kalman Levine, 55. The Israeli Foreign Ministry said the British man was Avraham Goldberg, 68, who immigrated to Israel in 1993.
It described the four as "rabbis," an honorific title in the ultra-Orthodox world given to men who are considered pious and learned. Twersky, a native of Boston, was the head of the Toras Moshe Yeshiva, a seminary for English-speaking students. He was the son of Rabbi Isador Twersky, founder of Harvard University's Center for Jewish Studies, and a grandson Rabbi Joseph B. Soloveitchik, a luminary in the world of modern Orthodox Jewry.
Thousands of people attended a joint funeral for Kupinsky, Levine and Goldberg before sundown— held outside the synagogue where they were killed.
In recent weeks, Jerusalem has seen its worst sustained bout of violence since a Palestinian uprising a decade ago. Palestinian assailants have carried out a pair of deadly attacks by ramming their cars into crowded train stations, while a gunman shot and seriously wounded a Jewish activist who has campaigned for greater access to the holy site.
In response to the violence, the Israeli military said early Wednesday that it had demolished the east Jerusalem home of a Palestinian involved in the October attack on a Jerusalem train stop which killed a 3-month-old baby girl and a 22-year-old woman. Abdel Rahman al-Shaludi was shot dead by police after he rammed his car into the stop.
People gather outside of a Synagogue where Aryeh Kupinsky, Avraham Shmuel Goldberg and Kalman Zeev Levine shot dead at Har Nof neighborhood during the funeral ceremony in Jerusalem, Israel, on November 18, 2014. (Photo by Salih Zeki Fazlioglu/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images)
The hilltop compound, in Jerusalem's Old City, has been at the heart of the tensions. It is revered by Jews as the Temple Mount, the site of the ancient Hebrew temples. For Muslims, it is the Noble Sanctuary, home to the Al-Aqsa Mosque and the iconic gold-topped Dome of the Rock.
Under a longstanding arrangement, Jews are permitted to visit but not to pray. A growing number of visits by Jewish worshippers, many who seek the right to pray there, has drawn Muslim accusations that Israel is secretly trying to take over the site and sparked violent clashes between young Palestinians and Israeli police.
Netanyahu has repeatedly said he will not change that arrangement, but the violence has spread beyond Jerusalem, with deadly stabbings in Tel Aviv and the West Bank last week, while the fatal shooting of a young Arab protester in northern Israel by police — apparently as he was walking away from an officer — has added to the tensions.
Late Tuesday, several hundred Jewish youths marched through downtown Jerusalem, blocking traffic and chanting, "Death to Arabs." Police reported at least 10 arrests.
Police identified the synagogue attackers as Ghassan and Oday Abu Jamal, cousins from the Jabal Mukaber neighborhood in east Jerusalem.
Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said the assailants were killed in a shootout with police that left one officer critically wounded. He said police were still trying to determine how the men had chosen their target.
Mohammed Zahaikeh, a social activist in Jabal Mukaber, said he did not know whether the cousins were politically active. He said Ghassan was 27, married with two young children and worked in a clothing store. Oday, 21, was not married and was an interior decorator. He said both men were quiet, and residents were surprised by the attack.
Clashes later broke out outside the assailants' home, where dozens of police officers had converged. Residents hurled stones at police, who responded with tear gas and stun grenades. Residents said 14 members of the Abu Jamal family were arrested.
The violence has created a special security challenge for Israel. Where Palestinian violence has traditionally been carried out by organized militant groups based in the West Bank or Gaza, most of the recent attacks have been done by perpetrators from east Jerusalem acting on their own.
Israel captured east Jerusalem in the 1967 Mideast war and later annexed the area, while the Palestinians claim it as their capital. Although the annexation is not internationally recognized, the more than 200,000 Arab residents of east Jerusalem have Israeli residency rights that allow them to move freely throughout the country. In contrast, West Bank residents and Gazans need Israeli permission to enter.
"There is no solution in the world of intelligence to the problem of a lone wolf who decides in the morning to launch an attack in the afternoon," said Cabinet Minister Yaakov Peri, a former director of the Shin Bet internal security agency.
He said the "only solution is very strong deterrence," such as swiftly demolishing the homes of attackers.
Netanyahu has vowed to revive the policy of home demolitions, which Israel halted in 2005 after determining it wasn't an effective deterrent. Israeli officials have reversed their opinion, and Netanyahu has ordered stepped-up demolitions.
Israeli forces keep their position during clashes with Palestinian stone throwers outside the Israeli-run Ofer military prison, near the West Bank city of Ramallah, on November 18, 2014. (Photo: ABBAS MOMANI/AFP/Getty Images)
The Israeli leader flew to Jordan last week for talks with King Abdullah II, who holds custodial rights over the Jerusalem mosque compound.
The two men agreed to take steps to lower tensions at the holy site. But on Monday, rumors spread that a Palestinian bus driver had been killed by Jewish assailants. Although forensics experts ruled the death a suicide, Palestinian youths clashed with Israeli police.
Israeli media reported Tuesday that Yoram Cohen, the current Shin Bet head, told lawmakers in a closed meeting that Abbas was not interested in inciting Palestinians to use violence against Israelis.
Cohen tied his assertion to his belief that widespread Palestinian violence against Israelis would undermine Abbas's political standing, the reports said.
The attack was the deadliest in Jerusalem since a Palestinian assailant killed eight students at a Jewish seminary in March 2008.
___
Associated Press writers Mohammed Daraghmeh and Fares Akram in Gaza City, Gaza Strip and Matthew Lee in London contributed to this report.
Also on HuffPost:

A Reporter Just Expensed $600 Worth Of Marijuanareddit
A CBS San Francisco reporter just expensed a $600 marijuana buying spree, and the station signed off on it.
Reporter Mike Sugerman made the dooby-ious purchase for a report broadcast Monday on KPIX 5. He used his medical marijuana card at Bay Area dispensaries to buy a wide range of products , the potency of which was then tested in a lab.
"They [the bosses] actually were cool with it," Sugerman told a fellow KPIX reporter of the unconventional buy.
Sugerman's report revealed that the marijuana edibles he had legally purchased contained far less THC than their labels indicated, and that the smokable marijuana buds were riddled with mold and pesticides.
Expensing marijuana may be a sign of the times, but other news outlets covering cannabis are more inclined to bogart the company credit card.
In Colorado, which began allowing the sale of recreational marijuana this year, The Denver Post doesn't just hand over a blank check to cannabis critics. Ricardo Baca, who edits the paper's marijuana section, "The Cannabist," told The Huffington Post in an email that reviewers don't have an expense account.
"Our critics' weed purchases come out of their freelance, per-article wages -- that's how The Denver Post pays its food and beer freelance journalists, too," he said.
Oh, and as for the $600 worth of marijuana KPIX put on its tab, Sugerman says the lab kept it all. And while that may sound like a buzzkill for some, it's better than the time Coloradoan reporter Trevor Hughes purchased marijuana for a news segment in January -- when the first recreational weed retailers opened in the state -- then immediately went to the Larimer County Sheriff's Office and had it destroyed.
WATCH CBS San Francisco's full report, below:
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Why Humans Evolved To Love Relaxing By The Fireplacereddit
Relaxing in front of a crackling fire (or at least the Netflix version ) is one of the most enjoyable ways to spend a cold winter evening. And now scientists know why.
Watching a fire lowers blood pressure, according to new University of Alabama research . Our enjoyment of gazing at fire may be rooted in evolution, as the act of gathering around a fire dates back to prehistoric times.
The researchers, led by anthropologist Christopher Lynn, asked 226 adults to watch a video of a fireplace, and took their blood pressure before and after watching the video. They also asked participants to report on their experiences of the fire.
The researchers found an average of a five percent decrease in blood pressure among participants who watched the fire with sound. The longer they watched the fire, the more relaxed they became. Among control groups who watched the fire with no sound and who viewed an upside-down picture of fire, blood pressure increased.
The researchers hypothesized that when we're sitting fireside, all of our senses become absorbed in the experience. Having a calming focus of attention could help to reduce anxiety, according to Lynn.
In prehistoric times, the "multisensory -- visual, auditory, olfactory, heat, smoke/food taste -- stimulation of fires would have made a great focus of attention, particularly in the dark," Lynn told The Huffington Post.
Th relaxing effect was particularly pronounced in participants who scored higher in prosocial behaviors like empathy and altruism.
Lynn hypothesized that we may have evolved to enjoy being around fires because they were historically important means of fostering social cohesion. During the stone age, humans likely socialized around camp fires, a place where they felt safe and warm.
"Archaeological evidence suggests ancestors probably started using fire thousands of years before they figured out how to start one," Lynn explained. "Therefore, especially in the colder climates, sitting around a fire to keep it going would have been a very important job. Collecting kindling, keeping the fire going, cooking -- all these things required cooperation, at least when conditions were poor. Those groups more successful at keeping the fire going would have had an advantage over groups that didn’t."

Easing the reading processUpdated: November 18, 2014 18:59 IST
Easing the reading process
Meet your fave writer The books can even be delivered to your doorstep. Photo Courtesy: Lionel Lewis
Meet your fave writer The books can even be delivered to your doorstep. Photo Courtesy: Lionel Lewis
Meet your fave writer The books can even be delivered to your doorstep. Photo Courtesy: Lionel Lewis
TOPICS
books and literature
To keep the culture of reading alive, here’s EasyLib – walkin or login
There’s the never-gets-old, heated debate of tangible books versus online books, hard copy versus soft copy and page flipping versus page scrolling. And then there’s EasyLib. The endearing online book rental hotspot and cultural hub almost moved out of Koramangala along with its founder, Vani Mahesh, much to the dismay of the residents there. Until, of course, a very enthusiastic reader started a new branch there. And the delighted regulars of EasyLib all gathered at the new venue on Saturday evening to inaugurate the new franchise, in a merry celebration.
Based in Chaitra Earappa (the new franchise owner)’s house, the celebration began with a high tea on the terrace prior to the official event downstairs. An exuberant Chaitra addressed the gathering - “Libraries are a big part of our culture and life. EasyLib has been in Koramangala for 13 years, and we didn’t want Vani to close it, so there you go! The original idea was to go ahead and start a library, but this feels like a great initiative to keep the momentum going”.
Reena Puri, the editor of Amar Chitra Katha, was also present, along with her team. She said, “When Vani messaged us saying she’s moving out of Koramangala, I was heartbroken. And then when I got a second message about EasyLib, I went “yippee!”. Here, I found new friends, met enthusiastic readers, and got responses for my writing as well. It’s a wonderful cultural hub. And as a library itself, I can’t underline the importance of a set-up like this, where children and adults can come around, meet authors and have a good time”. ACK proceeded to conduct an activity for children (and willing adults!), which involved creating a story through a puzzle, called Folktale Finding, which went down pretty well with the tots.
Vani, who was having a great time interacting with the buzzing crowd herself, was all enthusiastic about the new franchise. So what’s the essential idea behind this 13 year-old-concept? She says “I felt that there were a lot of readers in exile, and I wanted to ease the entire reading process itself for them. And the internet is such a big part of lives, it makes things so much simpler if you embrace it. So this is an online library - you can reserve your books online, get them delivered to your doorstep, and return it when done. ‘Walk in or Log in’ is the main motto of EasyLib”. And how is EasyLib a cultural hub as well? Vani explains - “We have events here that range from philosophy clubs to writing workshops, and author meets as well. If anyone has anything to offer culturally, we want them to step forward”.
EasyLib spots can be visited physically, or the books can be accessed by visiting www.easylib.com for membership.

Gold ends steady; silver recovers on increased demandNew Delhi, November 19, 2014
Updated: November 19, 2014 16:41 IST
Gold ends steady; silver recovers on increased demand
PTI
gold and precious material
In thin trading, gold prices remained steady at Rs 26,800 per ten gram at the bullion market in the national capital on Wednesday on scattered buying by jewellers and retailers even as the metal weakened in the global markets.
However, silver found fresh buying support from industrial users and recovered by Rs 485 to Rs 36,300 per kg.
Traders said scattered buying by jewellers and retailers at current levels mainly kept gold prices unchanged.
Globally, gold prices fell by 0.3 per cent to USD 1,194.10 an ounce in Singapore on speculation that a rally to a two-week high will erode demand as dollar strengthens.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity continued to be traded at previous levels of Rs 26,800 and Rs 26,600 per ten gram respectively. Sovereign followed suit remained steady at Rs 23,800 per piece of eight gram.
On the other hand, silver ready rebounded by Rs 485 to Rs 36,300 per kg but weekly-based delivery fell by Rs 380 to Rs 35,870 per kg due to lack of buying by speculators.
Silver coins held at previous levels of Rs 60,000 for buying and Rs 61,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Healthtech incubator Matter announces $4.4 million in private funding0
The Jump Simulation Center, an arm of Peoria-based OSF HealthCare, will become a feature of the space. The simulation center will give member startups access to everything from technology to clinicians available to work with startups to test their ideas, said Jump executive director Matthew Warrens.
Warrens said the downstate-based hospital system decided to partner with Matter because it knows the importance of innovation in the emerging health-care system. “We don’t believe, as an organization, that that is something we can do individually,” Warrens said. “It has to be done collaboratively.”
Matter will be located adjacent to the 1871 tech incubator.
Other partner companies announced Wednesday are AbbVie, Astellas Pharma US, Avia, CDW, Comcast, Crain’s Chicago Business, EdgeOne Medical, Ernst & Young LLP, Healthios, Horizon Pharma, Insight Product Development, Jones Day, JPMorgan Chase, Marathon Pharmaceuticals, Medline, Marshall Gerstein & Borun, NorthShore University HealthSystem, Sidley Austin, Silicon Valley Bank, State Farm and Takeda Pharmaceuticals.
“Our relationship with Matter is a strategic partnership for Astellas and an initiative we feel strongly will have a positive impact on Chicago’s health-care economy,” said Jim Robinson, president of Astellas Pharma US, in a statement announcing the funding. “By bridging the gap between industry and entrepreneurial innovation at an early stage, Matter will act as a facilitator to drive collaboration that’s been difficult to effectively accomplish through other channels at scale.”
Member companies will pay monthly rent, scaled to their needs. The top rate, $450 per month, offers a dedicated desk, with locked drawers. The middle rate of $300 gives unlimited access to the workspace, including all public work areas, as well as conference rooms and event spaces. The lowest rate, $150 per month, gives “nights and weekends” access.
CORRECTION: This version reflects the correct name of NorthShore University HealthSystem.

It s Raina s turn to take the broomUpdated: November 19, 2014 17:54 IST
It's Raina's turn to take the broom
PTI
This image was taken from cricketer Suresh Raina's official twitter account.
LINKS
social issue
Nominates Praveen Kumar, Piyush Chawla and RP Singh along with BCCI vice-president Rajiv Shukla, hockey player Sreejesh, singers Shreya Ghosal, Sonu Nigam and badminton players Saina Nehwal, K Srikant
After being nominated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the “Swachh Bharat Abhiyan”, Indian batsman Suresh Raina joined the initiative by starting the cleanliness drive today in his home town along with the local residents and children.
The dashing left-handed batsman supported Mr. Modi’s campaign and mentioned that cleanliness is a reflection of our civilization and that it should no longer be just a dream.
“I’m very happy today to participate in the initiative of “Swachh Bharat Abhiyan” which has been started by our honorable PM Sh Narendra Modi. Every Indian citizen should take up this noble endeavour and consider it as their duty to keep their surroundings clean,” Raina said.
Raina, who has made a comeback to the Test team for the upcoming Australia series, took to social media to spread the message to his fans.
Raina, tweeted, “Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan is a synonym of patriotism. Feel elated at having completed my challenge.
Thanks @PMOIndia.
After the cleanliness drive, the 27-year-old also nominated and urged his UP teammates Praveen Kumar, Piyush Chawla and RP Singh along with BCCI vice-president Rajiv Shukla, hockey player Sreejesh, Bollywood singer Shreya Ghosal, Sonu Nigam and badminton player Saina Nehwal, K Srikant to come forward and participate in the “Swachh Bharat Abhiyan”.
A job well done by Raina

Jolla raises more than their crowdfunding goal in a day for Sailfish tabletJolla has raised over their goal of $380,000 on Indiegogo within a day for the Jolla Saifish tablet.
By: Tech Desk | Posted: November 19, 2014 6:45 pm | Updated: November 19, 2014 9:26 pm
Jolla, a Finnish startup company formed by ex-Nokia employees, is looking forward to launch their first tablet based on Sailfish operating system. Jolla has started a crowdfunding campaign on Indiegogo to manufacture the tablet and have raised more than their goal of $380,000 within a day.
Jolla compares its upcoming Sailfish 2.0 tablet with iPad Mini 3, Nexus 9 and Nokia N1 and promises to deliver the same specs, if not more, at a lower price starting at USD 189. Interested buyers will need to add an extra USD 20 shipping charges. The first tablets will be shipped in May 2015.
The Jolla tablet will sport a 7.85-inch 2048×1536 pixels display at a density of 330ppi. Running on the gesture-based Sailfish 2.0 operating system, the tablet will run on a 1.8GHz quad-core (64-bit) Intel processor with 2GB of RAM and 32 GB of internal storage which will be expandable via microSD card.
Powered by a 4300mAh, the WiFi only Jolla tablet mounts a 5 MP rear camera at the back and a 2 MP on the front camera. It will weigh 384 grams and will come with Bluetooth, Micro-USB, GPS, accelerometer, light sensor, and proximity sensor.
The Jolla Tablet is currently available in EU, Norway, Switzerland, United States, India, China, Hong Kong, and Russia.

Handcrafted in homesUpdated: November 19, 2014 19:57 IST
Handcrafted in homes
Radha Gomaty who runs Sangmitra. Photo: Vipin Chandran
Special Arrangement
A tote named Sameera's bag from Sangmitra
The Hindu
Manjusha Satish who makes terracotta jewellery under the brand Jewels of Clay
Special Arrangement
Terracotta jewellery by Manjusha Satish
The Hindu
Terracotta jewellery by Manjusha Satish
The Hindu
Induy Sathyendran whose brand Quirkyi makes pop art home decor from recycled wood
The Hindu
Trinket box from Indu Sathyendran's Quirkyi
The Hindu
A tray from Indu Sathyendran's Quirkyi
The Hindu
Sara Eapen and daughter Divya Eapen who run Sammara Bakes
The Hindu
A cake from Sammara Bakes
The Hindu
Jose who runs Pauranic Antiques
TOPICS
people
A three-day exhibition brings together individuals who have a zest for art and craft
Bags designed from tailoring waste, clay jewellery, antiques and collectibles, cakes and savouries, pop art home decor from recycled wood, organic wear, homemade oil, and designer clothing. All handmade, all crafted by talented artistes. Leela Bazaar, an exhibition, which begins today, brings these talented artistes under one roof. “It is a forum to promote any form of art and craft. Those who are putting up their stalls don’t run a huge enterprise and do their business either online or by word-of-mouth publicity. Leela Bazaar gives them an opportunity to sell their products and take home the profit. It will be a fair deal, both for the seller and the buyer,” says Latha Kurien Rajeev, who has curated the event. Latha is also showcasing her designer wear collection Labour of Love at the fair. MetroPlus catches up with a few participants of the event. The fair is at Women’s Club, Kowdiar till November 22. Time: 10.30 a.m. to 8 p.m.
Rags to designs
Tailoring waste that Radha Gomaty collects from various boutiques gets a makeover to become stylish bags. A visual artist and poet, Radha runs Sangmitra from a non-descript house off Cherthala. In Radha’s words, “We are a small upbeat all-women ‘upcycling’ initiative. I do the rag picking and designing and there are two tailors and one cutter.” A blend of fashion and recycling takes place at Sangmitra with the waste going through multiple levels of sorting, based on the quality, functionality, and colour. Radha is bringing her collection of fancy bags, jholas, travel bags, Asian tote, mini purses, mobile pouches, large pleated bags, fish purses and the like, some of which are gift options as well to the fair. Custom-made bags that bear the name of the designer is an attraction. For example, there is a ‘Sreejith messenger bag’ and a ‘Sameera bag’, named after two of her students who suggested the designs. The bags cost between Rs. 69 and Rs. 330.
Date with the past
“I strongly believe that by procuring an antique product I am preserving it for posterity,” says Jose, who is looking forward to the first ever exhibition of his Pauranic Antiques. He has been collecting antiques for the last 20 years. “I don’t claim to own an expensive antique or curio. I don’t have a shop and Pauranic Antiques is just a brand name that I use. What primarily attracts me to a product is the purpose it served, so that I can share that information with a new generation. There are a lot of antique collectors in the city and I am hoping to form an antique auction club that will be a common platform for the collectors,” says Jose, who is a mechanic as well. He plans to exhibit brass ware and porcelain designer plates, cut glass bottles and cameras. “There is a huge vessel made of bell metal that weighs 35 kg. I also have a vessel made of zinc and lead in 10:1 ratio in which rasam was prepared in ancient times. It is believed that the curry would remain fresh for many days in that vessel,” he says.
Quirky collection
Indu Sathyendran’s eclectic collection includes decopage coasters, trays and boxes made of recycled wood, under the name Quirkyi. She calls her collection purely personal. “It started as a hobby and has elements that I love, such as the flower from my garden, the elephant we have, and a lot of aspects of Thiruvananthapuram, a city that I love,” says Indu, a conservation architect and photographer. The products are made of waste teak wood that is recycled and hand painted with lots of colour, for she “is a colour fanatic”. She calls the designs Malayali or Kerala kitsch. For example, instead of a Rajinikanth or an Amitabh Bachchan, she has opted for Suresh Gopi in one of the products, for “he lives in Thiruvananthapuram and is a great sport. Then there are Malayali typos such as ‘Chaaya kadi’.”
For the foodies
For Sara Eapen and daughter Divya Eapen, baking has never been a commercial venture. They made cakes on order for their friends and relatives. “So, we are looking forward to our first ever exhibition,” says Divya, who runs a BPO. While carrot cake is a speciality of Sammara, they also make savouries, sandwiches and brownies. At the fair, you can buy brownies, cupcakes, sandwiches, and much more. “Depending on the crowd, we will be keeping tarts, both fudge and cheese-corn based,” Divya says.
Terracotta fare
Manjusha, a homemaker from Palakkad, fell for terracotta some seven years ago. Today, she runs Jewels of Clay, an online venture that stands out for its exquisite terracotta jewellery. “I want people to know what is real terracotta. Much of what is being sold as terracotta is actually air dried clay or polymer clay, which is quite easy to make whereas we go through the laborious process of collecting the clay from paddy field, sieving it, and blending it to a fine paste before it is put in the kiln,” she says. She employs three women belonging to the Kumbharan community who are traditionally into pottery making. Manjusha will showcase natural and coloured terracotta jewellery, which cost between Rs. 100 and Rs. 800.

SunEdison enters wind power spaceUpdated: November 19, 2014 19:52 IST
SunEdison enters wind power space
K. T. Jagannathan
electricity production and distribution
The firm, along with its subsidiary TerraForm, will buy First Wind for $2.4 billion
New York Stock Exchange-listed SunEdison, a globally known developer of solar farms, has signalled its entry into the wind power business. It has taken the acquisition route to enter the wind power field.
SunEdison and its 64 per cent owned publicly-traded power plant subsidiary TerraForm Power have said that they would acquire First Wind, a leading developer and operator of wind farms in the U.S.
The total cost of acquisition is estimated at $2.4 billion. It comprises two components. There will be an upfront payment of $1.9 billion. And, the reminder $510 million will be in the form of ‘earn out’, that is, it will be paid if First Wind completes projects in its backlog.
SunEdison’s portion of the consideration will be $1.5 billion, comprising an upfront payment and the ‘earn out’. SunEdison said it had secured $1.5 billion of non-recourse capital from six global banking institutions.
SunEdison said the acquisition of First Wind would make it a leading renewable energy development company in the world.
The acquisition will make SunEdison a leading renewable energy development company in the world.
The deal, according to a release, would increase the generating capacity of the renewable power plants SunEdison was capable of completing in 2015 to about 2.1 to 2.2 gigawatts, from the current roughly 1.6 to 1.7 gigawatts.
In a statement, SunEdison President and Chief Executive Ahmad Chatila said the acquisition of First Wind would help the company “capitalise on the significant growth opportunities in the global wind power markets.’’
Boston-based First Wind is operating or building renewable energy projects in the Northeast, the West and Hawaii. According to the release, its projects had a combined capacity of nearly 1,300 MW, which were enough to supply more than 425,000 homes each year.
Indian presence
SunEdison has a significant presence in India. It recently won a bid to build 150 MW of solar projects in Karnataka. The company will build and own the five projects for the Karnataka Renewable Energy Development Ltd. It also recently inked a memorandum of understanding with Rajasthan to build 5 gigawatts of projects in that State.
With its entry into the wind power space following the latest acquisition, SunEdison’s play field in India could considerably widen.

Volkswagen recalls 442 000 cars to fix suspension problemUpdated: November 19, 2014 20:13 IST
Volkswagen recalls 442,000 cars to fix suspension problem
AP
File photo: The Volkswagen Jetta is unveiled in New York's Times Square on June 15, 2010.
TOPICS
Volkswagen is recalling 442,000 Jettas and Beetles to fix a problem that can cause rear suspension failure if the cars aren’t fixed properly after a crash.
The recall covers 2011 through 2013 Jettas and 2012 through 2013 Beetles.
VW says in documents posted by U.S. safety regulators on Wednesday that if rear trailing arms are damaged in a crash and not repaired correctly, they can fracture suddenly. That can cause loss of control and possibly a crash. Trailing arms connect the axle to the frame.
The company says there have been no crashes or injuries in the U.S., but there were reports of fractured trailing arms mainly in Asian countries.
Dealers will inspect trailing arms for damage and install sheet metal to help prevent a loss of vehicle control.
The sheet metal will be installed at no cost to customers, but customers will have to pay for repairs if their suspension was damaged, VW said.
Parts currently aren’t available, but VW will notify customers to take their cars to dealers for a free inspection.
Customers can call VW at (800) 893-5298.

Was your college degree worth the costMembers of the New England College of Business graduating class of 2014 receive their diplomas during commencement in Boston. (Gretchen Ertl/AP)
Do you feel like your college degree was worth the money you paid for it?
The answer probably depends on how you paid for it. If you’re swimming in debt, your answer is more likely “no,” according to a new study.
That was one takeaway in a recent survey of millennials done by the Federal Reserve Board’s Division of Consumer and Community Affairs. People were asked if they thought the lifetime benefits of their latest postsecondary educational program outweighed the cost. Overall, 41 percent said their education was worth more than the cost of the program, and 23 percent said it was worth less.
People who received financial help from scholarships and grants, or who were paying for their degrees in cash, were more likely to give their education a higher value. Those who took out loans to pay for school were more likely to say their degree was worth less than the price.
The group surveyed 2,097 people between ages 18 and 30 last December. Ten percent of the respondents had less than a high school education, 29 percent finished high school, 29 percent had some college experience, 9 percent had an associate’s degree and 21 percent had a bachelor’s degree or higher. Of those, 32 percent were students.
Not surprisingly, students and graduates also valued their degrees based on the jobs they had. Those with jobs and who were working in careers related to what they studied were more likely to say their degrees had more value. They were also more likely to have stability in their jobs. Overall, 42 percent of the respondents who were working said they had jobs related to what they studied in school.
It’s not news that millennials, who launched their careers in the midst of an economic recession and recovery, are more likely than previous generations to feel overeducated and underemployed . The high rate of under- and unemployment seen by younger workers inspired the Fed to conduct the survey in the first place. And it’s been enough to make policymakers, parents and teachers  stress the importance of making sure they are choosing a major that has a good chance of leading to a job.
Of course, there’s more to college than getting a job, but finding paid work is top of mind for many students. Forty-four percent of people who were interested in going to college said they were worried about not finding a job after they finished.
The report also pointed out something supported by other studies: The more schooling people get, the more likely they are to have a job and to be working in the field they learned about in school.
What do you think? Is your degree worth what you paid for it? Take our poll:
 
Jonnelle Marte is a reporter covering personal finance. She was previously a writer for MarketWatch and the Wall Street Journal.

Warby Parker to open first Chicago store SaturdayWarby Parker to open first Chicago store Saturday
Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune
Warby Parker to open Chicago studio Saturday
Need a holiday photo? Warby Parker has you covered, Chicago.
Warby Parker, the socially conscious eyeglasses e-tailer, will open its first dedicated frame studio Saturday in Chicago, tempting shoppers not only with its do-good mission but also as a prime place to pose for a holiday card.
The concept shop at 837 W. Armitage Ave., which until recently housed an American Apparel store, is temporary until New York-based Warby Parker opens its permanent location at 851 W. Armitage Ave. in spring, the company said.
  Open link
The shop will feature a free portrait studio, staffed by a local professional photographer, where customers can memorialize their new specs or pose with friends and family to create, as the company suggests in its marketing material, a tableau for a holiday card. Appointments are recommended.
Other quirky features include a free "video jukebox," aka an old TV with a VHS player, where customers can choose from a selection of winter- or holiday-themed movies. In partnership with Chicago-based A&A Studios, purveyor of vintage photo booths, the shop also will display rare vintage cameras available for purchase.
0
Oh yes, and Warby Parker sells glasses. Customers can try on frames in the store and place an order using in-store tablets. Sunglasses and nonprescription lenses are available for immediate takeaway, while prescription glasses are shipped within days. Opticians are available to make adjustments and take measurements for progressive lens prescriptions.
Warby Parker, which launched in 2010, has become widely known as a one-for-one social mission company. The company, which has distributed 1 million eyeglasses to people in need, works with nonprofit partners that train people in their local communities to give basic eye exams and sell glasses at low prices.
Warby Parker frames, designed in-house and starting at $95, have been available in Chicago at high-end menswear store Apartment 9 in Bucktown for several years, but this is the first time it has established a dedicated bricks-and-mortar presence in the city. Warby Parker has eight other stand-alone stores, including three in New York, two in Los Angeles, one each in Boston, Dallas and Atlanta, that collectively are profitable. It also has its traveling "Warby Parker Class Trip" school bus, currently parked in Austin.
The Chicago store will be open daily from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.

Chidambaram expresses doubt over Kisan Vikas PatraNew Delhi, November 19, 2014
Updated: November 19, 2014 20:55 IST
Chidambaram expresses doubt over Kisan Vikas Patra
Puja Mehra
financial and business service
Even though investments in the re-launched Kisan Vikas Patra (KVP) can be made without quoting PAN card numbers, these certificates cannot be bought in cash, an official Finance Ministry source has clarified.
Matured KVPs will be enchashable only through cheques, which will make the investments trackable, the source said when contacted by The Hindu. Returns on KVPs will be taxable. The certificates will carry a lock-in period of 2 years and 6 months after which they will become encashable on pre-determined maturity value. Investments made in the certificate will double in 8 years 4 months.
The official source was responding to questions asked by Congress leader and former Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram, who had expressed suspicions about the real reasons for the Modi Government’s decision to re-launch the KVP.
“The ostensible purpose is to promote savings. The argument is suspect because there are other fixed-income instruments which offer better returns,” Mr. Chidambaram said. He said he was prepared to reserve judgement on KVP until the Government answers his specific questions.
Mr. Chidamabram asked if KVPs can be bought in cash without quoting PAN card numbers and without standard Know Your Customer (KYC) norms. He also questioned: “Will a KVP be freely transferable without any limit on the number of transfers? If so, what is the use of applying KYC to the first purchaser?”
In response to Mr. Chidambaram’s questions, the source said standard KYC norms would apply to KVPs. “KYC norms applicable to all small savings schemes will apply to KVPs too,” he said. Allaying fears on the decision to allow unlimited number of transfers of KVPs, he said: “The payments will be made through cheque any further transaction of that money can be tracked”.

Nightlife Agenda: Christmas beers and charity happy hoursBy Fritz Hahn and Rhome Anderson November 19 Follow @fritzhahn
This week's essential DJs, happy hours, dance nights and parties.
Programming note: This week is the annual uncorking of Beaujolais nouveau, which means there are many chances to drink cheap (or free) French wine. We've rounded those up in a separate post .
The Pains of Being Pure at Heart DJ on the roof of the W Hotel on Friday after a sold-out show at the 9:30 Club. (Photo courtesy of the Windish Agency)
Wednesday, November 19
Research has shown that patients with Alzheimer's and dementia show improvement when they're exposed to music. "Alive Inside," a documentary about the nonprofit group Music and Memory , won an audience prize at Sundance this year. The Jewish Social Service Agency Hospice in Montgomery County is trying to expand its own musical therapy program, and there's a fundraiser at Dodge City this Wednesday from 5 to 9 p.m. to help purchase more iPods, headphones and music. DC Brau drafts are $5, with all proceeds going to the charity. There's a raffle with door prizes and music by DJ Ed the Metaphysical. If you have an MP3 player or headphones that you no longer use, they would be gratefully accepted.
Think you have what it takes to rope a deer by its antlers? No? Well, are you good at darts? New Belgium Brewing is hosting a night of feats of skill at Laughing Man Tavern : They're offering free shuffleboard, darts and "hoop tossing for antlers" from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., with the highest scorers winning tickets to a New Belgium "Ultimate Ranger Banquet" on Dec. 3. With New Belgium beer specials running during the contest, it's worth hitting after work even if you don't win. RSVP for free here .
Friday, November 21
Holiday beers have been working their way onto draft lists in the last week or two, and few seasonal brews are more anticipated in Washington than the malty, spiced Great Lakes Christmas Ale. The beer makes its official holiday debut on 18th Street tonight at sister bars the Black Squirrel and Libertine . The Black Squirrel will serve Christmas cookies and hand out presents (free Great Lakes glassware), while Libertine will employ the beer in seasonal cocktails, including one that utilizes "fresh ginger, orange and cinnamon sticks." There will also be a Great Lakes toboggan parked in front of the bar for all your Instagraming needs, beginning at 4 p.m.
The jangling guitars and heart-on-sleeve lyrics of the Pains of Being Pure of Heart carry the torch for the peppy indie-guitar bands of the '80s and '90s. Following the band's sold-out gig opening for the New Pornographers at the 9:30 Club, TPOBPAH is heading to the W Hotel's recently revamped P.O.V. rooftop lounge , where they'll DJ at the official after-party . (Doors open at 8; the band is expected on around midnight.) Admission is free, but an RSVP is required .
Dubtribe Sound System applied both punk and experimental approaches to the music they created in San Francisco's early house scene. It's dance music created live with an army of grooveboxes and a rotating cast of live musicians as singers Sunshine Jones and Moonbeam Jones vocalize on top. Juan Zapata and Chadwick support a rare Dubtribe show at Flash .
Step downstairs into tiny Appioo restaurant and bar near Ninth and U streets for one of the District's most fluidly diverse world music bands. Led by polyglot singer Jean-Francis Varre, Sahel covers West African zouk and mbalax as well as reggae, salsa and samba. The band starts at 9 p.m. on Fridays and there's no admission fee.
Saturday, November 22
Carrying the mantle of quiet storm troubadours from Marvin Gaye to D'Angelo, Jesse Boykins III is a leading voice in dreamy, sensual soul for the current generation. His collaborators have ranged from Melo-X to Tokimonsta, ensuring his falsetto graces a wide range of modern soul textures. Boykins returns to D.C. for an evening at U Street Music Hall with DJ Underdog.
The State Theatre is known for its perennially sold-out concerts with the immersive '80s cover band the Legwarmers. This Saturday, the club is turning the clock forward, welcoming New York City's Bayside Tigers , the house band at the weekly Saved by the '90s party at (le) Poisson Rouge. Get ready to rock to Harvey Danger, the Barenaked Ladies, Blink 182 and the Spin Doctors. Ironic Union Jack dresses are optional. Tickets cost $12 in advance and $15 at the door.
If you're still drinking kolsch and pale ale as the temperature falls, you really should consider heading to the D.C. Craft Beer Festival's Winter Harvest at the D.C. Convention Center this Saturday. At least 75 breweries will be in attendance, with the focus on darker, heavier seasonal beers: Sly Fox will have Christmas Ale and its dunkel; Lagunitas is bringing Nighttime Strong Ale; Brooklyn will bring its Winter Ale and Black Chocolate Stout; Anchor has both Christmas Ale and Winter Wheat. The $49 ticket includes unlimited beer sampling and access to educational seminars between 1 and 4:30 p.m. or 6 to 9:30 p.m.; a $65 VIP ticket adds an extra hour of drinking at either session. Bonus: It's a rare indoor beer festival, meaning you won't notice the chill outside.
Sunday, November 23
We're not usually into bar T-shirts: It's one thing for chain outfits or beach bars to hawk their own merchandise, but neighborhood spots shouldn't worry about that sort of thing. We'll make an exception, though, for the Red Derby . Once or twice a year, the Derby's Ann-Marie Van Tassell and Beth Hansen set up a screen printing operation on the bar's rooftop and create custom T-shirts. (There are usually seven to nine designs to choose from, then customers choose their own ink and shirt colors.) The finished product is $20, and all proceeds benefit the Arcade, an after-school art club for disadvantaged children that Hansen and Van Tassell began in early 2013. (You can read all about the Arcade on its blog.) The printing begins at 11 a.m. and will run "until Ann-Marie and Beth are too cold to continue," says Red Derby owner Sasha Carter, which probably means after dark. You'll be able to see designs on the Red Derby's Facebook page this week.
Fritz Hahn has covered bars, drinks and nightlife for the Washington Post Weekend Section since 2003, but he also writes about everything from Civil War battlefields to sailing classes. You can find him on Twitter and Instagram .

Dwight Howard Investigated For Child AbuseDwight Howard Investigated Over Child Abuse Allegations By Georgia Police
Reuters
reddit
By David Beasley
ATLANTA, Nov 18 (Reuters) - Authorities in Georgia are investigating child abuse allegations  against National Basketball Association star Dwight Howard, a center for the Houston Rockets who is among the league's marquee performers, police said on Tuesday.
The allegation against the basketball star comes amid heightened attention to domestic violence incidents involving professional athletes including NFL star Adrian Peterson, who was suspended on Tuesday for "abusive discipline" on his 4-year-old son.
Police declined to elaborate on the details of the Howard investigation, which followed a prior probe of the same accusation in Florida. Entertainment news website TMZ said  Howard is accused of beating his 6-year-old son with a belt buckle.
"The Cobb County Police Department's Crimes Against Children Unit reopened their investigation into the allegations against Mr. Howard," said Dana Pierce, a spokesman for the suburban Atlanta police department.
Howard's attorney, David Oscar Markus, said in a statement that Florida authorities previously investigated the allegations and found them to be not substantiated. The Florida case was closed in September, Markus said.
The child's mother, with whom Howard is involved in an ongoing Florida civil case involving child custody, "is now shopping her baseless allegations to authorities in Georgia," Markus said.
In court documents from the Florida civil case, the NBA star said he disciplined his son "in an appropriate manner when necessary,"  but "never caused marks, bruises, welts or injuries requiring medical treatment."
Jane Carey, attorney for the child's mother, declined to comment.
The 28-year-old 6-foot, 11-inch (2.11-meter) Howard, a 10-year NBA veteran, played for the Orlando Magic from 2004 to 2012. He has led the league in rebounding during five seasons and is an eight-time All-Star.
Before entering the NBA, Howard played high school basketball in suburban Atlanta.   (Editing by Jonathan Kaminsky, Cynthia Johnston and Sandra Maler)
More:

Tiger Woods Is Very Angry About A Very Fake Satirical  Interview  With Himreddit
Tiger Woods likes to think he has a good sense of humor. Woods likes to think he is willing to laugh at himself. With an angry rebuke of Golf Digest for a piece of satire in its latest issue, he may have ensured that no one else will think either of those things.
Incensed by a piece entitled " My (Fake) Interview With Tiger ," by award-winning sportswriter and author Dan Jenkins, that appears in the magazine's December issue, Woods vented on The Players' Tribune , a website founded by former New York Yankees shortstop Derek Jeter to give athletes a forum for communicating directly with fans.
Most things in the media you let slide, but sometimes you can’t and shouldn’t. Read my @PlayersTribune piece http://t.co/u0511anhGJ
— Tiger Woods (@TigerWoods) November 18, 2014
Woods slammed the satirical imagined conversation as a "grudge-fueled piece of character assassination" and questioned the integrity of Jenkins, inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame in 2012 , and the magazine. Jenkins, 84, has been a longtime critic of Woods, according to ESPN .
"Journalistically and ethically, can you sink any lower?" Woods asked in his lengthy takedown of the piece titled "Not True, Not Funny."
In an apparent attempt to have some fun at the expense of the 14-time major winner, Jenkins' fictitious chat touched on Woods' off-course controversies and his history of working with -- and firing -- various coaches. Woods made it very clear that he did not approve of the faux interview format and took offense to the content of the story.
"I like to think I have a good sense of humor, and that I’m more than willing to laugh at myself. In this game, you have to. I’ve been playing golf for a long time, 20 years on the PGA Tour. I’ve given lots of interviews to journalists in all that time, more than I could count, and some have been good and some not so much. All athletes know that we will be under scrutiny from the media," Woods wrote . "But this concocted article was below the belt. Good-natured satire is one thing, but no fair-minded writer would put someone in the position of having to publicly deny that he mistreats his friends, takes pleasure in firing people, and stiffs on tips -- and a lot of other slurs, too."
Golf Digest defended the piece and its presentation in a statement issued to For The Win :
The Q&A is clearly labeled as "fake," both on our cover and in the headline. The article stands on its own.
Jenkins seemed to take the controversy in stride. He may have even gotten an idea for his next column out of it:
My next column for Tiger: defining parody and satire. I thought I let him off easy: http://t.co/E7e9imSKwO
— Dan Jenkins (@danjenkinsgd) November 18, 2014
Woods' attack on the piece likely brought it far more attention than it would have otherwise received. This did not go unnoticed by ESPN's Rick Reilly:
Hey @TigerWoods , please hate my book next!
— Rick Reilly (@ReillyRick) November 18, 2014
Also on HuffPost:

Larry MacDougal / ASSOCIATED PRESS
OPEC Meet to Give Direction to Oil Prices: PlattsYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
OPEC Meet to Give Direction to Oil Prices: Platts
Published On:                  November 17, 2014                 | Duration: 13 min, 29 sec
Tweet
Vandana Hari, Asia editorial director, Platts talks to NDTV about the falling global oil prices and the outlook ahead. She says the OPEC meet on 27th November will be crucial and will give further direction to the oil prices. She doesn't expect demand to pick up significantly in Europe or China.

Normal  Not-Barbie  Doll Makes Her DebutMove over, impossibly perfect Holiday Barbie .
This year a “normal”-looking Barbie-style doll is on the market featuring proportions that reflect the modern-day, not-totally-perfect woman.  .
Nickolay Lamm
Shots of the "Lammily" doll, a new doll with more natural female proportions, now on sale.
The doll was created by artist Nickolay Lamm, who launched a crowdfunding campaign last March to turn his prototype “anti-Barbie" -- who has hips, thighs and a backside proportioned to look like an average 19-year-old woman -- into a real product.
Second-graders react to a Lammily doll as compared to a Barbie doll.
“A lot of toys are in a fantasy world and I want to make reality cool. Because reality is cool. So why not show that through a toy,” Lamm told NBC.
Lamm’s fundraising campaign met its initial goal of $90,000 in one day. Within a month he had raised $500,000.
Nickolay Lamm
Stickers that allow kids to add tattoos, along with acne, scars and stretch marks to their Lammily doll.
Now, just in time for the holiday season, Lammily  dolls are available for purchase. Just like Barbie and her friends, the Lammily dolls have fashion outfits and accessories, but these too are little more "normal" than Barbie’s.
In addition to clothing sets that celebrate different countries, accessories for Lammily dolls include re-usable vinyl stickers that can be used to add real-life marks to the dolls, including stretch marks, freckles, acne, moles, grass stains, dirt stains, stitches and temporary tattoos.
“You can also add minor cuts and bruises, like ones you’d get from falling down while snowboarding,” said Lamm.
Lammily dolls include a numbered passport that allows a child to name his or her own doll and are available for order ($25, Lammily.com ) now, with shipment promised in time for the holidays. The vinyl sticker accessories and a line of clothing accessories can also be ordered now but won’t ship until mid-January 2015.
26-year-old Lamm, who played mostly with Batman and other action figures when he was a kid, said he’s hoping to make a normal-proportioned boy dolls sometime in 2015.
Tags:

How Jordan uses Islam against the Islamic StateComments
By Michael Robbins and Lawrence Rubin November 19
Jordanians and Syrian refugees pray in the Ramtha Grand Mosque on the first day of the holy month of Ramadan in July 2012 in Ramtha, Jordan, near the border with Syria.  (AP File Photo/Mohammad Hannon)
Many people in the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan fear the ideological appeal of the Islamic State could create a homegrown threat from the militant group. To counter this potential threat, Jordan has imposed new rules on its Muslim clerics. The country has stepped up efforts to pressure its lay and state-employed clerics to preach a moderate form of Islam, or one that does not promote radical ideas that could destabilize the kingdom. Those who follow the strict government guidelines for their Friday sermons are compensated financially. Those who don’t are blacklisted or worse.
For some, engagement in the “war of ideas” at home in a state with a very robust security and intelligence apparatus may be deemed unnecessary. Others may find it counterproductive and self-defeating in the long term to have religious institutions serve the political and security interests of the regime. In fact, evidence from across the region suggests that these efforts may encourage vehement opposition and fail to stem the tide of radical Islam. How likely are Jordan’s renewed efforts to achieve the desired results?
Based on Jordan’s past experience, the kingdom has a better chance to succeed than most other countries in the region. Moreover, if Jordan continues its approach of responding to crisis through gradual institutional change, the Hashemite regime’s reforms are likely to be an effective counter to the Islamic State.
The recent article “ The Rise of Official Islam in Jordan ” in Politics, Religion & Ideology demonstrates that state efforts to control and manage the ideas and discourse in the religious public sphere have a long history in the Arab world. Many post-independence regimes have co-opted their religious institutions to bolster their legitimacy. Egypt’s al-Azhar is one of the most famous examples, where the state institution in the 1960s ruled that socialism – a philosophy associated with atheist communists – was in fact in line with Islam. Similarly, Saudi Arabia’s former Grand Mufti Ibn al-Baz ruled that Western troops were permitted on the sovereign territory of the country that protected Islam’s most holy sites, and Osama bin Laden accused Saudi clerics of being influenced by the West.
However, state attempts to co-opt religious leaders have often been met with fierce resistance. For example, while in prison Sayyid Qutb, a member of the banned Muslim Brotherhood and the best-known jihadi ideologue, argued it was a religious imperative to overthrow leaders who had abandoned Islam. Similarly, in Saudi Arabia popular clerics strongly protested their government’s decision to support military actions against former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein during the Persian Gulf War (1990-1991) and to allow foreign troops on its soil. This policy had received the blessing of state-sanctioned religious authorities.
Given that other countries in the region have struggled to develop credible versions of “Official Islam” – state-sponsored religious institutions – what makes Jordan’s efforts more likely to succeed? It’s a combination of historical legacy and shrewd regime policies.
There were challenges from the beginning. Unlike many other states in the region, Jordan lacked a preexisting religious intelligentsia within its borders. At independence the newly installed King Abdallah I established Dar al-Ifta (Department for Issuing Fatwas) headed by the Grand Mufti of Jordan to represent the highest religious authority in the territory. However, he did little else to affect the religious space. This strategy continued even after Jordan gained control of the West Bank following the first Arab-Israeli War (1948-1949). Instead of appointing a new Grand Mufti of Jerusalem – a historic center of Islam – or further developing Dar al-Ifta to bolster the monarchy, King Hussein turned to an alliance with the Muslim Brotherhood. Thus, in a period when other states in the region were developing official Islam, Jordan continued to have relatively little interest in actively managing the public religious space.
The Iranian Revolution was the major catalyst for a change in Jordan’s development of official Islam. Shortly thereafter, the regime founded the Royal Aal al-Bayt Institute as a research center for Islamic thought and the Advisory Council for Fatwas. Jordan also increased funds for building mosques and for other religious spaces during this time. The number of mosques across the kingdom more than doubled from 1984 to 1995. Many Islamic shrines were also upgraded with King Hussein’s personal funds and not state funds.
Official Islam was also employed to respond to domestic political challenges. After Islamists won parliamentary elections in 1989, Dar al-Ifta dramatically increased its output of fatwas. However, after Islamists lost a significant number of seats in the 1993 parliamentary elections, Dar al-Ifta’s role decreased as the Islamist electoral challenge seemed to subside.
The regime once again turned its attention toward bolstering official Islam in response to the rise of global jihadism in the 1990s. The newly enthroned King Abdallah II further built up both Aal al-Bayt and Dar al-Ifta after the intelligence services thwarted jihadi plots against Jordanian targets. In the years that followed, Aal al-Bayt brought in world-renowned Islamic scholars through a series of high-profile conferences focused on key issues facing the Muslim community. These conferences focused on the need for moderation as a means of countering radical Islam and resulted in the Amman Message in 2004 and the Common Word in 2007.
Following another crisis, the Amman hotel bombings in 2005, the state again upgraded the institutions of official Islam. It split Dar al-Ifta from the Ministry of Awqaf (Ministry of Religious Endowments), increasing its prominence and giving Dar al-Ifta explicit authority to oversee all fatwas in the kingdom. More significantly, the Grand Mufti was elevated to the rank of government minister, and parliament passed a law restricting those who could legally issue fatwas in Jordan to the Grand Mufti and Dar al-Ifta.
In contrast to some of Jordan’s neighbors, these institutional changes have been seen as legitimate. Using public opinion data from the Arab Barometer , our previous research shows that the Jordanian public supports regime efforts to restrict the political space. Indeed, the Jordanian state appears to have developed a credible form of official Islam that has effectively controlled the religious space.
How has Jordan been able to achieve this outcome while other states in the region have struggled? First, the Jordanian state has been able to build up religious institutions because there were no strong centers of religious authority before the establishment of the state. In fact, the absence of a religious institution to co-opt appears to actually have been an asset. Moreover, the monarchy did not call upon official Islam to endorse its most controversial decisions that would strongly imply that it is simply an arm of the state, such as its disengagement from the West Bank in 1988.
Second, Jordan has built up these institutions gradually and strategically in response to threats rather than to preempt them. This step-by-step development over the last 35 years, as opposed to a clear takeover of the religious space, has demonstrated a long-term strategy by the regime to deal with the crisis at hand, yet not to overreach into the religious space with illegitimate institutions.
If history is any guide, it is likely that Jordan’s recent measures to strengthen official Islam will be perceived as legitimate. Most Jordanians will be supportive because they fear the spread of the Islamic state’s ideas on their own soil. However, the state cannot overstep its mandate, despite the temptation to use brute force to prevent the spread of radicalization. Thus, Jordan should continue to employ new policies as a response to prevent and not to preempt so that public opinion is behind them. If Jordan follows this trajectory, these efforts are likely to further limit the ability of radical Islam to take hold within the kingdom.
Michael Robbins ( @mdhrobbins ) is the director of the  Arab Barometer ( @arabbarometer ). His work on Arab public opinion, political Islam and political parties has been published in Comparative Political Studies, the Journal of Conflict Resolution and the Journal of Democracy. Lawrence Rubin (@lprubin73) is assistant professor in the Sam Nunn School of International Affairs at the Georgia Institute of Technology. He is the author of “ Islam in the Balance: Ideational Threats in Arab Politics ” (Stanford University Press, 2014).

Nationals hire Mike Cubbage as special assistant to GMBy James Wagner November 19 Follow @jameswagnerwp
The Nationals officially announced a handful of additions and promotions in the scouting department, including the hiring of two special assistants to General Manager Mike Rizzo. All were previously reported by the Post except for the hiring of Mike Cubbage as a special assistant to the GM.
Cubbage, 64, spent the previous nine seasons as special assistant to the GM and a major league scout for the Tampa Bay Rays. Cubbage’s contract with the Rays was up after last season and he called the Nationals’ director of pro scouting, Bill Singer, and heard the Nationals were looking to add scouts. Rizzo and Singer came back to Cubbage with an offer and he accepted.
“It’s a good team,” Cubbage said. “I’m excited to be a part.”
Cubbage is perhaps known more for his work on the field. Cubbage was the New York Mets’ interim manager in 1991 for seven games, after managing in the minor leagues from 1983 to 1991. He then spent seven seasons as the Mets’ third base coach and then filled the same role for the Houston Astros from 1997 to 2000.
Cubbage was the Astros’ bench coach for one season in 2001 and then was third base coach for the Red Sox from the follow two seasons. He was hired by the Rays in 2006 and began his career as a scout. Cubbage is a native of Charlottesville, played at the University of Virginia and was picked in the second round of the 1971 draft by the Washington Senators. The infielder spent eight seasons in the major leagues, five of them with the Minnesota Twins.
“One job led to another,” Cubbage said. “I played as long as I had a job and then I was grateful when I was done playing for someone to give me a job managing and it kept going.”
Cubbage was drafted out of high school by the Senators in 1968 and remembers coming up to Washington for a tryout. Jim Lemon was the manager then, Nellie Fox was a coach, and Frank Howard and Camilo Pascual were players. Cubbage broke into the big leagues with the Texas Rangers, where the Senators moved after leaving Washington.
“In a way it is (me coming full circle),” Cubbage said. “I was excited when Washington got baseball got back.”
The other moves include:
>>> Terry Wetzel, previously a special assignment scout for the Colorado Rockies, hired as a special assistant to Rizzo.
>>> Brandon Larson and Scott Ramsay, a former Kansas City Royals scout, hired as amateur scouts to the new areas added this winter. Larson will cover Iowa, Kansas, Missouri, North Dakota, South Dakota and Nebraska, while Ramsay will be responsible for Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Washington and Wyoming.
>>> Justin Bloxom, a former Nationals farmhand, is hired as an amateur scout responsible for Kentucky, Ohio and Tennessee. Steve Leavitt, formerly of the Atlanta Braves, was hired and will cover central and southern California. Buddy Hernandez, also formerly of the Braves, was hired and will scout central and northern Florida. 
>>> Eddie Longosz was promoted to assistant director of scouting operations.
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

Can a church be too big to failComments
By William Vanderbloemen November 19
Mars Hill Church, then led by Mark Driscoll, held its Easter service at Qwest Field in Seattle, Wash. on April 24, 2011. (AP Photo/The Seattle Times, Greg Gilbert)
The designation “Too Big to Fail” usually makes us think of large banks, propped up by taxpayer funds during the 2008 financial crisis. But the central questions it raises—When do we have a responsibility to save an institution? And who should be on the hook to save it?—apply beyond the finance industry. Each of us has our own ideas and interpretations of which institutions are the most valuable to society, and what the possible failure of an institution would mean in our daily lives.
For me, that resonates nowhere more profoundly than with our country’s churches. Megachurches, those with over 2,000 regular attendees, are a large piece of the American religious landscape. And as the big get bigger, they also have farther to fall.
Twenty years ago, there were only a handful of megachurches in the United States. According to Hartford Institute, now there are 1,300 churches in America with more than 2,000 weekend worshippers, and 50 churches with more than 10,000 weekend worshippers . Those numbers appear to only be growing.
We recently got a sense of their massive influence by witnessing the reaction when two major pulpits were vacated. Dr. Myles Munroe from the Bahamas Faith Ministries International died recently in a tragic plane accident. And Mark Driscoll , who led the multi-site megachurch Mars Hill, resigned over a leadership controversy—leaving behind a weekly attendance of over 12,000 people .
So what happens when these charismatic pastors, who galvanized their congregations’ growth, disappear? More often than not, there is no one waiting in the wings to ensure the church’s continuance.
Do we need the government to come in and support them? No. But the churches themselves should feel a greater responsibility to ensure that, as they grow bigger, they better brace against uncertainty—so they don’t leave those same followers, whom they encouraged to rely on them, in the dust.
Megachurches are, by themselves, an interesting phenomenon. Many of us think that we would be lost in a crowd that size, that our pastoral needs wouldn’t be met and that it would be too much of a faceless experience. Yet, according to authors Scott Thumma and Dave Travis in their book Beyond Megachurch Myths , 64 percent of megachurch attendees knew as many or more people in the megachurch than they did at smaller churches, and 80 percent of attendees felt satisfied with the level of pastoral care they received.
In the case of Mars Hill Church, the leadership made the decision to disband into several smaller churches, spread through three states. Meanwhile, the future of Munroe’s congregation is as yet undecided, and the needs of the faithful are not being met as they could and should.
And why? Because too often these institutions don’t plan beyond their star pastors. One of the core competencies of running a church, like running a business, should be to protect the future of your institution. Bill Gates and Steve Jobs are just two examples of big-name corporate leaders who, despite their own iconic status, cared about succession planning. Ensuring an organization’s long-term health should matter just as much, if not more, in a faith-based institution. Especially one as large as a megachurch.
These institutions provide their congregants with religious meaning and the core guidelines through which they live their lives. I’m not suggesting that preparing for the unknown is easy, but one of the differences between a good leader and a great leader is the ability to plan for change and transition. Dissolution and destruction of a community they created should not be an option. True pastors can’t ignore the question of what will happen to their flocks when they’re gone.
William Vanderbloemen is the author of Next: Pastoral Succession That Works and President and CEO of Vanderbloemen Search Group .
Read also:

The FTC says these two tech support firms tricked customers out of $120 millionBy Hayley Tsukayama November 19 Follow @htsuka
The Federal Trade Commission building in Washington. (Gary Cameron/Reuters)
The Federal Trade Commission announced Wednesday that it has temporarily shut down two telemarketing operations that, the agency alleges, were dedicated to tricking customers into buying fake technical support.
The agency announced action against two separate operations, both based in Florida. One case includes charges against the makers and sellers of software called " PC Cleaner"; the other names companies doing business as Boost Software Inc. and OMG Tech Help. The FTC says the two companies have cheated consumers out of $120 million.
As the  Palm Beach Post reported , OMG Tech Help's offices were raided earlier this week by the FTC. One of the defendants named in the suit against that company, Elliot Loewenstern,  in 2004 pleaded guilty to federal charges of securities fraud and conspiracy to commit money laundering, the report said. 
Offering false technical support is an all-too common way that scammers prey on computer users -- often older computer users -- who fear their computers have been infected with malicious software. In a standard scam, criminals will call and claim to have found a virus on a person's computer and "prove" it to the call recipients by instructing them to navigate to harmless but little-used menus that they claim are evidence of a virus. From there, scammers then convince users to pay them to remove the "virus."
In these cases, the companies largely followed that template, offering users software that didn't do anything at all and then charging them between $29 and $49 to "activate" it.
“These operations prey on consumers’ lack of technical knowledge with deceptive pitches and high-pressure tactics to sell useless software and services to the tune of millions of dollars,” said Jessica Rich, director of the FTC’s Bureau of Consumer Protection in a statement.
Neither company immediately responded to a request for comment. There is a notice on OMG Tech Help's Web site that says its offices are presently closed and that the company will provide more information on the site as the case progresses.
The FTC said that, by court order, all defendants' assets have been frozen.
Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post.

People love spying on one another: A Q&A with Facebook critic Eben MoglenBy Nancy Scola November 19 Follow @nancyscola
Eben Moglen is a law professor at Columbia University and director of the Software Freedom Law Center. (Photo courtesy of Software Freedom Law Center/B. Ferraro)
Eben Moglen has dedicated himself to convincing people to resist Facebook's siren song. The bushy-bearded Columbia Law School professor and founder of the  Software Freedom Law Center is a central figure in the  new book "More Awesome Than Money,"  by Jim Dwyer of the New York Times. It's the story of how four New York University students who, filled with the spirit after hearing a 2010 on-campus speech by Moglen, would go on to launch Diaspora -- a different sort of social network where users stay in full control over what they post and what the network gleans about them. But Diaspora has sputtered, and the pull of Facebook remains so strong that there's a pretty good chance you'll click over to it at least once before getting to the bottom of this Q&A. We talked about the democratization of technology, the folly of trying to be ourselves online and why "trillions of dollars depend upon our learned helplessness."
Nancy Scola: What keeps you up at night?
Eben Moglen: We are building an exoskeletal nervous system that ties the entire species together, which we call the 'Net. It changes the basic fabric of human society. What keeps me up at night is the possibility that the human race is not in control of the network that ties us together.
But even if we're at the point where the public might not be totally comfortable with this exoskeleton being out of their control, do people have a lot of options?
They'll come. Thanks to Mr. Snowden, the world knows they need those options. If you want to turn money into software, you can try. But if what you want to do is turn the commitments and thoughts of human beings into what they want to have, you have to let them do it for themselves. What Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, the writer of "The Little Prince," said once is that if you want people to build a boat, do not teach them naval architecture or to gather wood. Teach them to long for the immensity of the sea.
Still, it's difficult to be a journalist without Twitter or Facebook; those are so much the drivers of attention in the modern media environment.
Maybe that's correct, and maybe it isn't. There was a period of time in your lifetime and mine when if we had talked about eliminating [the news services] UPI and AP, people would have said: "You can't do that. They're fully integrated into our workflow." When I was a young man, the New York Times would have found it difficult to get up in the morning without the Hearst Press Syndicate.
So let's ask what we really mean. Do we mean that the process of individual self-promotion is crucial to journalism, because egos in need of stroking produce sources? So, Twitter is the system of individual self-promotion industrialized in return for an ability to surveil the Web.
People love spying on one another. They have since the beginning of human time. And Facebook allows them to spy on their friends in return for giving everything up to the boy with the peephole in the middle.
Speaking of that "boy," a.k.a. Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg, a few years ago there was a debate between him and Christopher Poole of 4chan over whether using our actual names on the Internet would make us act like our better selves. Zuckerberg's real names won. We don't seem better.
That was total rubbish in the first place. We cannot maintain identity in any form without secrecy and anonymity. Facebook is the source of more false identity than anything else on earth because it gives all these poor young people who do not understand identity management a constant identity-management crisis. They are compelled to carry the weight of this enormous performative identity -- the Facebook self. They are constantly engaged in staring at the mirror and wondering if their nose is too large.
Technology is at the point where we can build amazing, powerful things with very little money. Does that put tools in the hands of people before they can develop the judgment and wisdom to use that power? I'm thinking of both Diaspora and Facebook.
The democratization of technology has allowed a lot of things to happen before people understood them very well. But if Mr. Zuckerberg wanted to create an honorable Facebook, in which there was no super-friend, he could have done so. It was a dark machine by design from the beginning.
Along those lines, this summer there was a back-and-forth where Ev Williams, the co-founder of Twitter, argued that allowing for third-party services to piggyback on a platform like Twitter can lead to "more user confusion, crappier experience and inability to innovate." What would you say to him?
The problem with this attitude is that you're building the network that ties the human species together, and you have a preference for centralization -- then you really have come out against freedom, and you just don't know it. Unless we're serious about peerage, we have ceased to be serious about equality.
So, say I'm a normal person who likes Facebook, likes Twitter, but worries about what both those services and the government might know about me. What's my tiny act of resistance?
You don't need a tiny act. You can go firm and full. The first thing that you could do is to place your Facebook profile on a Web site where all the logs aren't in Mr. Zuckerberg's hands. You could do that by running a Diaspora pod to putting up an old-fashioned Web site.
The second thing you could do is to have a mail server of your own, or a mail server with a few friends. The third thing you could do is to use the Firefox Web browser and to make sure that you're using the no-ad and no-script add-ons. If you do that, you're then 60 percent better.
If you want to go 100 percent better, you can have a shell account somewhere -- for example, on a server at The Washington Post -- and you use a proxy to browse online so your browsing stream is mixed with the browsing stream of a thousand other people. You have ceased to be trackable in any meaningful way. We did very little meaningful to your way of life, but we changed your privacy phenomenally.
And what if, as I journalist, I want to go all-in on protecting my communications? That seems like a much bigger hurdle.
That's where I tell you you'll need a weekend. I don't personally consider that too much to ask.
Nancy Scola is a reporter who covers the intersections of technology and public policy, politics, and governance.

Indiegogo co-founder envisions banks  investors in platform s future0
Jason Best, principal at San Francisco-based Crowdfund Capital Advisors, said investors already are using crowdfunding platforms to informally source deals and vet them. He said his firm, which works with venture capitals, angel groups and hedge funds, expects to see startups build on the practice of hybrid funding. This means that companies will raise money from formal investors and through crowdfunding at an even greater rate. He said venture capitalists may tell startups to raise a certain amount via crowdfunding as a prerequisite to investment.
“It’s already happening informally,” Best said. “It wouldn’t surprise me if the next step were an arrangement between a prominent VC and a crowdfunding platform."
Indiegogo aims early next year to establish a Chicago presence in Merchandise Mart-based 1871. Ringlemann said Illinois native Kate Drane, the company’s head of design, tech and hardware, will lead the local charge and will focus on building an Indiegogo-focused community and ecosystem here. 
Ringelmann said the company will use the experience as a barometer to take Indiegogo to other cities.
“The reason we’re even talking about working with VCs is [Drane] recognized a need in venture investors that want to use Indiegogo to connect with entrepreneurs and allow entrepreneurs to test their products before they launch,” she said. “She unlocked that and has done an amazing job of building a community. The venture world has a certain culture, and she’s really remained true to herself. She’s now one of the most well-loved people in that whole hardware venture ecosystem.”
Ringelmann said products such as these are still in the idea phase but that they stem from a desire to democratize access to capital. That same desire drove her to found Indiegogo in 2008 after years of seeing her parents struggle to raise capital for their small businesses.
Indiegogo’s former COO, she now focuses on developing what’s next for the platform, including its future banking and venture capital-related plans. Indiegogo’s team and culture will help her do that, she said.
“We value collaboration and sharing and people who like to win together so much,” Ringelmann said. “That’s the kind of people we attracted, and now we’re actually influencing other industries with that type of culture.”

Facebook launches Groups app and FB TechwireFacebook launches Groups app and FB Techwire
Facebook's Groups app
Facebook
Facebook launched its Groups app on Nov. 18, a standalone app that focuses on the social network's groups feature.
Facebook launched its Groups app on Nov. 18, a standalone app that focuses on the social network's groups feature. (Facebook)
Facebook has broken off another feature into a standalone app
Facebook launches Groups app and FB Techwire news aggregator
Facebook wants to help you organize your social circles and keep up with technology news – but not necessarily at the same time. The social media giant on Tuesday announced the launch of two separate products: Groups, a feature it has broken off from its website into a standalone app, and FB Techwire, a page that aggregates tech news.
Facebook began notifying users of its mobile app Wednesday that it will soon disable the app's messaging feature. ( Salvador Rodriguez )
Available for download today on iOS and Android, the Groups app lets users create new Facebook groups, write messages and post photos and videos to groups of which they’re members. They can also track and control their notifications.
The app also has a discovery tab so users will see group recommendations based on pages they’ve visited, things they like and where they live.
Groups was developed by Facebook Creative Labs, which is also responsible for Facebook’s other offshoot products such as Paper (a photo-centric take on the core Facebook app), Slingshot (an ephemeral photo-messaging service), Mentions (for verified public figures to manage their notifications) and Rooms (a forum-like app that lets users chat anonymously).
0
Facebook's increased focus on offshoot apps is in line with Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg's comments in an October conference call, saying the company is working on apps that do one thing really well. "Now, in order to best serve people, you need to build multiple standalone different apps."
“We’ve built this app with the people who use groups the most in mind,” said product manager Shirley Sun in a blog post introducing the app. She used examples of students using groups to stay in touch, friends spread out around the world using the app to stay connected, and a class of students using it to share study notes and reminders with each other.
Unlike the Facebook Messenger feature, which is now available on only mobile devices through the standalone Facebook Messenger app, groups will still be accessible from the core Facebook app.
Meanwhile, Techwire will be an extension of FB Newswire, a page that launched in April this year to aggregate breaking news from around the Web. Like FB Newswire, Techwire will be powered by Storyful, a News Corp.-owned social news agency that monitors the social Web for stories.

Starcom USA s CEO on  an explosion of data and creativityStarcom USA's CEO on 'an explosion of data and creativity'
Starcom USA's CEO on 'an explosion of data and creativity'
Lisa Donohue discusses the "digital-first world," the importance of video content and a key component to "being a human-experience company."
Lisa Donohue discusses the "digital-first world," the importance of video content and a key component to "being a human-experience company."

Fishermen on death row freedUpdated: November 20, 2014 08:24 IST
Fishermen on death row freed
Meera Srinivasan
Tweet
The five Indian fishermen are seen with Indian High Commission officials in Colombo after their release on Wednesday. Arrangements are being made for their early return to India, officials said. Photo: Special Arrangement.
File photo shows Indian High Commissioner in Sri Lanka Y.K. Sinha coming out of the Welikada Prison in Colombo after meeting the five Indian fishermen sentenced to death by a local court. All five were released by the Sri Lankan Government on Wednesday. Photo: Special Arrangement
The five Indian fishermen on death row, released from prison following a Presidential pardon, are seen with Indian High Commission officials in Colombo on Wednesday. Photo: Special Arrangement.
TOPICS
India-Sri Lanka
Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa commutes sentence of all five
The five Indian fishermen on death row in Sri Lanka on drug-trafficking charges, walked free on Wednesday, after President Mahinda Rajapaksa used his executive powers to commute their death penalty.
The five have been released into the care of the Indian High Commission before being sent back to India, an official said. It is learnt that they will serve no further jail term in India. President Mahinda Rajapaksa’s decision on the release appears to be a commutation of the fishermen’s sentence to the term already served.
The gesture, described by the Indian High Commission here as humanitarian, ended three weeks of uncertainty over their fate, after the Colombo High Court sentenced them to death on October 30. It follows intense diplomatic activity, which saw Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaking to Mr. Rajapaksa on November 9, and several behind-the-scenes talks.
The five fishermen — Emerson, P. Augustus, R. Wilson, K. Prasath and J. Langlet, all hailing from Tamil Nadu — were apprehended by the Sri Lankan Navy in November 2011. Three Sri Lankan fishermen were also sentenced to death with them.
In addition to New Delhi taking up the Indian fishermen’s case through diplomatic channels, an appeal was filed on their behalf in the Colombo High Court on November 11.
While the diplomatic negotiations were on, the President’s office announced that the withdrawal of the appeal by the Indian side was a pre-requisite for any decision on the release.
Meanwhile, it appears that the Sri Lankan fishermen’s sentence stands. The three fishermen have not withdrawn their appeal, The Hindu learns from sources in Colombo’s legal circles.
The President’s decision to free the Indian fishermen comes at a time when Sri Lanka awaits a proclamation on Presidential elections widely expected to be held early January.
The Jathika Hela Urumaya (JHU), a party of Buddhist monks, has been consistently voicing concern over drug smuggling and the government’s inability to curb it. The JHU (National Heritage Party) on Tuesday quit President Rajapaksa’s government, protesting the reluctance to implement constitutional changes.

Justin Solomon / CNBC
What you think that Google knows about you is just the beginningBy Caitlin Dewey November 19 Follow @caitlindewey
A Google data center in Mayes County, Okla. (AP Photo/Google, Connie Zhou)
According to Google, I am a woman between the ages of 25 and 34 who speaks English as her primary language and has accumulated an unwieldy 74,486 e-mails in her life. I like cooking, dictionaries and Washington, D.C. I own a Mac computer that I last accessed at 10:04 p.m. last night, at which time I had 46 open Chrome tabs. And of the thousands and thousands of YouTube videos I have watched in my lifetime, a truly embarrassing number of them concern (a) funny pets or (b) Taylor Swift.
I didn’t tell Google any of these things intentionally, of course — I didn’t fill out a profile or enter a form. But even as you search Google, it turns out, Google is also searching you.
This isn’t exactly new news. Google has, since 2009, published a transparency tool called Dashboard , which lets users see exactly what kind of data the Internet giant has on them and from which services. But the issue of data collection has provoked renewed anxiety of late, perhaps spurred by recent investigations into personal data and search engines in Europe and Asia — as well as the high-profile hacking of celebrities’ personal data and the shadow of last year’s National Security Agency revelations.
According to a recent survey by the consumer research firm Survata, people care more about Google accessing their personal electronic data than they do the NSA, their boss, their parents, or their spouse. Which is unfortunate, given that your parents and boss will probably never see everything you search, e-mail and click — while Google logs that material more or less all the time.
“Google knows quite a lot,” said Ondrej Prostrednik, the author of  a recent Medium post  about Google data collection that has begun making the Reddit rounds. “People outside of Google can only guess. But it is important to realize that we are the ones giving it all the data they know.”
(Google)
Prostrednik is, perhaps, an unusual face for the Google surveillance crusade. The 25-year-old Web designer lives in Bratislava, Slovakia, and has a graduate degree in European affairs. But since April, he’s been working on a little-known start-up called Cloud Fender , which syncs user documents across multiple cloud-based storage systems. The job necessarily involves a lot of data and a lot of pondering about where and how that data is stored.
So, late last week — apropos of nothing! — Prostrednik compiled a list of all the places where Google users can see their personal results. His list promptly flew to the top slot of Reddit’s wildly popular tech forum, where it has attracted almost 1,000 comments.
“They know everywhere I’ve been every day for several years,” one user observed. “… I do find it very interesting, but it’s also very scary because I don’t doubt it’s possible to hold this information against me at some point.”
In all probability, that’s true! (Courts are already working with less.)
But it’s not that any of this is a secret, necessarily. In fact, in many instances, you’ve signed off on Google’s tracking, whether by signing up for a Google service or opting in on an Android phone. The startling thing is that we forget all this information is being stored, forever, in one centralized place. The small, ordinary act of sending an e-mail or making a search or looking up directions may seem revelatory, in and of itself. But when you compile all those thousands of disparate e-mails and searches and directions over time, which Google does, you end up with something far more intimate — something not too far removed from a detailed portrait of your life and interests.
Consider, for instance, the Google services you probably use on a daily basis. There’s search and e-mail; maybe you also use Chrome, Google’s Internet browser, to access the Web. But that’s just the beginning.
(Google)
If you have an Android phone, that device may log your location and velocity data. If you have a YouTube account, Google knows not only what videos you upload, but which you watch, too. There’s Google Maps. Google Play. Google Voice, if you use it to transcribe your missed calls. Between Google Contacts and Chat, the site has a pretty good idea who you’re friends with.
And while browsing data is aggregated differently than information from Google services, if you visit sites running Google Ads or Google Analytics software, Google also generally knows what you look at and what you click. According to one report from UC Berkeley’s School of Information, Google can track user behavior on 88 percent of all Internet domains.
Simply put, there are very few corners of modern life that Google doesn’t touch.
Let’s look at a fairly standard case study, for example. Today is Tuesday, and I’m starting to think about what I’m going to get up to this weekend. I’ll probably Gchat a friend and ask if she wants to grab dinner. After that, I’ll Google a couple of restaurant options and check out their menus (in Chrome, naturally) and eventually settle on a spot for dinner. I’ll e-mail my friend to confirm. And when the appointed date arrives, knowing my sense of direction, I’ll probably use Google Maps to figure out how to get there.
Check it: That is an utterly ordinary process that millions of people go through millions of times a week. And during the process, Google gets not one, not two, but five data points on me. (More, perhaps, depending on how long I took clicking around for restaurants.)
None of this is malicious, per se. It’s just the necessary consequence of one company providing such an incredible range of services — of becoming so inextricably embedded in the lives of, as a Google statement put it in 2009, “hundreds of millions of people … around the world.”
“We are very aware of the trust that you have placed in us, and our responsibility to protect your privacy and data,” it said.
In that vein, Google does give users some tools to limit how much data it can collect. You can turn off the tools that track your personal search history and that sync your Chrome use between computers. You can also opt out of interest-based ads — those vaguely creepy messages that invite you to buy a camera after you’ve just gotten an e-mail on the subject.
But if you want to avoid Google’s gaze entirely, some more radical lifestyle changes may be in order — like, maybe consider quitting the Internet and moving into the woods. Just make sure you bring lots of survival guides with you. In case of emergency, there will be no Google search.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Jury duty: Voting on the auto world s most coveted prize1
The annual "long list" of candidates includes every all-new or significantly updated vehicle offered during the year, and it is divided into cars and trucks/utilities. This year, the long list included 29 cars and 26 trucks/utilities. In mid-September, each member votes for 10-15 cars and another 10-15 trucks/utilities, and those results are analyzed to determine the "short list" of finalists. Every vehicle that receives a significant number of votes makes the list and there is no set number of qualifiers. This year's short list included 10 cars and 12 trucks/utilities.
Next comes the "Hell drive," which is held at the Hell Creek Ranch in Pinckney, Mich. (right next to Hell, Mich.) in mid-October. I, along with 35 other jurors, paid for the lodging and transportation necessary to attend the drive, which featured at least one version of every vehicle on the short list except the Porsche Macan, plus several competitive vehicles for comparison. Jurors conducted a total of 467 test drives during the three-day event.
Armed with the knowledge gained at the Hell drive, as well as from test drives from the media launch programs and individual vehicle loans, the NACTOY journalists will vote for the finalists in early December. Each member will be given 25 points to dole out to as many cars on the short list as they see fit, with no vehicle given more than 10 points. The trucks/utilities undergo the same type of voting. Three finalists in each category will be determined and a final round of voting will be held in early 2015, this time with 10 points to be given any way the voter sees fit. The final results will be tabulated by the accounting firm Deloitte & Touche, and the winners will be announced at a press conference to kick off the North American International Auto Show in Detroit on January 12. No juror will know the winners until that press conference.
I'll be interested to learn the winners, just like you.
2015 North American Car and Truck/Utility of the Year short list
Cars:

Sectarianism of the secular brigadeUpdated: November 20, 2014 01:29 IST
Sectarianism of the secular brigade
Ajay Gudavarthy
political systems
The secular sectarianism of feminists, Dalits, the Left and religious minorities has ghettoised communities and is leading to a political dead end.
Political imagination in India has come to a standstill, aiding and abetting the construction of a homogenised cultural and political sphere. The roots of this lie not only in the right-wing political imagination of a Hindu Rashtra but also in the secular sectarianism pursued by secular, democratic and progressive political formations. Secular sectarianism of feminists, Dalits, the Left and religious minorities has, over a period, ghettoised communities and advanced a sectarian political imagination, leading to a political dead end that they are now finding difficult to negotiate.
Cumulatively, they all seem to have contributed to a shrinking political imagination that has in turn contributed handsomely to the rise of right-wing politics. Feminist politics in India was silenced by the demand being made by right-wing forces for a uniform civil code, unable to negotiate the competing demands between women’s rights and that of the religious minorities, after the Shah Bano case. It is a puzzle as to why they did not proceed along the lines of equating gendered practices in all religions, whether against the Hadith or the Manusmriti or the Bible, along with many other very similar practices that are sanctioned which place women as being less than equal to men. In fact, it was B.R. Ambedkar who argued that it is only Dalits and women who face untouchability due to religious sanctions.
Mobility with dignity
Similarly, Dalit politics in India moved from its focus on Ambedkar as a philosopher — and who was the chief architect of the Constitution — to a claim that he belongs to Dalits alone. In the 1980s, the demand was that Ambedkar and Phule be introduced in university syllabi and taught by all in order to understand caste. Now, the demand is that nobody other than Dalits has the right to write and talk about Ambedkar. Similarly, the idea earlier was that all dispossessed social groups are Dalits, irrespective of their caste. Today, even progressive and democratic individuals and organisations are reduced to the caste they are born into; a new kind of homo sacer — as bare caste beings. This shift, to a narrower interpretation of anti-caste imagery, led to social justice shrinking to (political) representation, where even if it is the right-wing political organisations such as the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) or the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) that provide for an opportunity, it should be taken as an opportunity for mobility that was otherwise denied to Dalits for centuries.
Minority rights
Today, the case for this has grown stronger, with the RSS advancing a more de-brahmanised mode of Hinduisation, in the sense of providing for leadership for individuals from the Dalit-Bahujan communities. Here it is being argued that for Dalits, the difference between left, right and centre makes no sense. Dalit politics, however, has ceased to question whatever happened to forging a bahujan samaj, along with the Other Backward Classes and Muslims, if they were to consider the opportunities provided by right-wing political mobilisation as justified mobility towards undoing demeaned social status. After the success of the Bahujan Samaj Party, the centrality of political power in anti-caste politics has undoubtedly been a source of some of these visible shifts. If mobility with dignity is the true meaning of the struggle against brahamanical hegemony, it can be accrued only by questioning sectarianism in all its manifold forms.
So has the case been with the secular discourse regarding minority rights in India. It not only assumed Muslims and other religious minorities to be homogeneous but also articulated their concerns disconnected from other political discourses in a democracy, by mentally and spatially ghettoising them into a segregated social group. For instance, Muslim political organisations could have talked about the witch-hunt against Muslims from Azamgarh and the alleged encounter killings at Batla House and also about the same kind of exceptionalism being practised against tribals in Chhattisgarh and what amounts to the racial profiling of citizens from the Northeast. In the same breath, it would be incumbent to speak of the plight of Hindus in Baluchistan and Bangladesh, as much as the rights of Kashmiri Pandits who lost their homes, and not merely or exclusively about the Palestinians of Gaza. It is important to conjoin the rights of Muslims with questioning the views of Mr. Geelani on Hindu religious minorities and women in Kashmir. Citizenship, as a political practice, is instantiated in the right to speak for others, and not in speaking just for one’s own self alone. This becomes all the more important in a context where neo-liberalism has, in a very substantive sense, undermined empathy for others, and fraternity and solidarity of all kinds. While capital and the market depend on a process of individuation, progressive politics has to move towards affinity and an idea of shared spaces rather than focus on mere claims of essentialised identity, notwithstanding the contribution ‘identity politics’ has made in highlighting the concerns of some of the most marginalised social groups in India. This, in essence, is also the difference with right-wing political mobilisations. Otherwise, there would be very little distinction between the sectarianism of the “democratic” kind, and the divisive politics of the RSS, the BJP, the Bajrang Dal, and the Vishwa Hindu Parishad.
Decline of the Left
Indian democracy — otherwise considered to be a success story among postcolonial nations — built its foundations on secular sectarianism of various kinds. This was previously typified as the “Congress System,” where different and conflicting social groups were accommodated within the same political party. This accommodation however, retained the social status of the groups as they stood in an umbrella formation. It is this politics of forming a coalition of social groups without any sustained attempt to forge intersectional dialogue that is now visibly unworkable and which has led to a sharp decline in the electoral prospects of the Congress. It is this very strategy of maintaining a centrist polity that has gradually shifted rightwards through replicating the same strategy of forging a status-quoist coalition but for a different purpose — of realising a Hindu Rashtra — by right-wing political formations. This decline of the Congress is made even more pronounced by the simultaneous decline of the Left parties that have found themselves in a political landscape best typified as a no-man’s-land. They have not only failed to align themselves with the non-class democratic organisations but have also never failed to express mutual contempt for other Left-based political mobilisations. In pursuit of a “correct line,” they could neither respond to the political exigencies nor overcome the dogmas that they have often fallen victim to. Today, they are faced with a difficult choice, of being either pragmatic or dogmatic, both of which have only contributed to a sustained decline of the Left in Indian politics. The “classism” in the Left too failed to instil a political culture of social groups speaking for each other.
The way forward really seems to be in opening up internal dialogue within communities as also across them. These will have to necessarily go together, and include the following: raising difficult questions such as masculinity within anti-caste movements that time and again attract them towards far-right groups like the Shiv Sena; highlighting various practices of discrimination including untouchability within and between various sections of the Dalit community; highlighting communal sentiments and the inward-looking philosophy of Muslims reflected in ideas of jihad or in considering non-Muslims (barring Christians and Jews) as Kafirs, along with the unholy alliance between the politically powerful and their convenient interpretations of the Koran; disallowing a more progressive interpretation around justice and equality being the core pillars of Islam and self-righteous tendencies in the Left that refuses to listen and learn that social change cannot be programmed, scientific and sanitised, but carries with it a load of uncertainties that need to be made sense of. Also, it must find within them the possibilities to break the condensation of the polity into a majoritarian construct. Majoritarianism in the Indian polity today is growing in the interstices of secular sectarianism that have left unanswered various inconvenient questions pertaining to social groups that were considered as the subaltern. It is within this space and the growing possibility of conflicts within the subaltern on the one hand, and their joining in alliance with the traditional social elite on the other that right-wing political mobilisation is finding its new space and turning democracy on its head.
(Ajay Gudavarthy, with the Centre for Political Studies, JNU, is now visiting professor, Centre for Modern Indian Studies, Gottingen University, Germany.)

A second experiment that may failUpdated: November 20, 2014 01:42 IST
A second experiment that may fail 
Sanjay Kumar
national politics
Providing a strong alternative to the BJP in the near future may be difficult even if leaders of the Janata parivar put aside their personal egos and put up a united front
In the past few months, there have been multiple attempts by some leaders of the Janata parivar to become united, either through a merger of their parties or by simply forming an alliance against the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). These attempts are driven only out of a fear of getting swept away by a ‘Modi wave’ when Assembly elections are held in their States. After winning the 2014 Lok Sabha election with a majority of its own (282 seats), the BJP has not only managed to obtain a majority on its own in Haryana, but also emerged as the single largest party in Maharashtra despite contesting without long-time ally, the Shiv Sena. It is true that some of these leaders played a crucial role in forming an alliance against the Congress, first in 1977 and then again in 1989, but the idea of forming a similar alliance against the BJP at this moment seems somewhat misplaced. Neither do these leaders remain as popular or as credible as they were when they were younger, nor does their party command similar support among voters.
Lack of consensus
The first signs of this plan came when leaders such as Janata Dal (Secular) chief H.D. Deve Gowda, Rashtriya Lok Dal chief Ajit Singh, former Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar, Janata Dal (United) member Sharad Yadav and Samajwadi Party (SP) member Shivpal Singh Yadav shared the stage at a rally in Meerut. There was another meeting in Delhi early this month which was attended by Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) supremo Lalu Prasad, Sharad Yadav, Nitish Kumar, Deve Gowda, Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) MP Dushyant Chautala, and SP chief Mulayam Singh. But even after these two meetings, there seems to be a lack of consensus over the course of action.
If these leaders believe they can create the same euphoria which they managed to generate in 1977 and 1989, they seem to have failed to read the 2014 verdict correctly. Having experienced governments led by most of these leaders over the last two decades, people don’t seem to have the same faith in them as they had during the earlier Janata experiment or during the 1989 V.P. Singh wave. All these leaders are popular individually in their respective States, but it may be extremely difficult for them to come to an understanding over who would lead this front. The voters may wonder if these leaders would be able to provide a stable government or if they would just be fighting among themselves. Facing corruption charges and accusations of poor track records, most of these leaders would not be able to appeal to voters outside their respective States. Currently, the combined national popularity of major leaders of the Janata parivar is only a fraction of the individual popularity of Rahul Gandhi and Narendra Modi. (The National Election Study 2014 of the Centre for the Study of Developing Societies showed that 36 per cent of the people wanted to see Mr. Modi as Prime Minister, 14 per cent wanted Mr. Gandhi, and only 5 per cent wanted Mulayam Singh, Nitish Kumar, Lalu Prasad or Deve Gowda to occupy the post).
Support for the various splinter groups of the Janata parivar has declined over the years even in their respective States. The vote share of the RJD and JD(U) in Bihar, SP in Uttar Pradesh, INLD in Haryana and JD(S) in Karnataka has declined significantly during the last decade. From a 33.9 per cent vote share in 1999, the RJD’s vote share declined to 20.1 per cent in the 2014 Lok Sabha election. Similarly, the vote share of the JD(U) has declined to 15.8 per cent in 2014 from what it used to be — 26.4 per cent in 1999 (in alliance with the BJP). The vote share of the ruling SP in U.P., which swept the Assembly election only a few years ago, was only 22.2 per cent in the 2014 Lok Sabha election. The INLD in Haryana recently suffered its third successive defeat in Assembly elections in the State. Though the party still had a 24.1 per cent vote share in the recently concluded election, this is a visible decline compared to its vote share of 29.6 per cent in the Assembly election in 2000. The JD(S) does not even have a presence in the whole of Karnataka; its presence remains limited to the southern region of the State. Even if these leaders put aside their personal egos and accept someone as their leader, it may be difficult to provide a strong alternative to the BJP in the near future given this declining support.
Popularity appeal
A major reason why this alliance would not be as effective as the leaders consider it to be is that none of these parties or leaders has a cross-State popularity or appeal which could help the principal splinter group in a State in mobilising additional support. It is difficult to imagine how Lalu Prasad and Mulayam Singh coming together can help Mulayam Singh get more votes in U.P. or Lalu Prasad get more votes in Bihar. Similarly, it is beyond imagination how an alliance with Nitish Kumar and Mulayam Singh can help Dushyant Chautala in increasing electoral support in Haryana, or how an alliance with the JD(S), which contested only six seats outside Karnataka in 2014, can improve electoral prospects in the Hindi heartland.
This is clearly evident in an analysis of the 2014 Lok Sabha election result. In Bihar, the SP got less than 1 lakh votes in the entire State, a fraction of the BJP’s victory margin on most seats. The JD(U) and the SP together polled less than 10,000 votes in the whole of Haryana and less than 30,000 votes in Karnataka. The only State where a merger would work is Bihar, but primarily because of the coming together of the two principal State parties. They would be able to help each other as they have a common support base comprising the Other Backward Classes, Muslims and Dalits. Their coming together would consolidate support among Muslims, most sections of the OBCs and Dalits, making the alliance a formidable force against the BJP as was witnessed in recent by-elections in the State.
More than their own agenda or leadership, prospects for the success of such an alliance would only arise if the BJP government at the Centre makes some massive blunders which would leave voters completely disenchanted. One must remember that the 1977 experiment may not have happened if Indira Gandhi had not imposed Emergency. The 1989 Jan Morcha experiment of V.P. Singh may not have happened if charges of kickbacks in the Bofors case wasn’t an issue.
The BJP may still have managed to emerge as the single largest party in the 2014 Lok Sabha election, but the magnitude would have been lower if the UPA government had performed better. Yes, these leaders can form an alliance, but they can hardly do anything to force the ruling BJP government to create a similar mess.
(Sanjay Kumar is Director, Centre for the Study of Developing Societies, Delhi, and Pranav Gupta is a researcher with Lokniti, a research programme of CSDS.)

Great Gifts for Fitness LoversGreat gifts for fitness lovers
Krystina Gustafson CNBC
FitBit
Is finding the perfect gift for the fitness lover in your life getting you all worked up?
No sweat. Our guide has got you covered.
Fitbit Charge 
Price: $129.95
If you're shopping for someone who's focused on results, consider a Fitbit tracker.
For $59.95, you can snag the Fitbit Zip, which tracks the wearer's steps, distance and calories burned. For $129.95 you can get the new Fitbit Charge, which also monitors floors climbed, active minutes and sleep.
Black & Decker fruit and vegetable juice extractor
Price: $49.99
Although there are plenty of options on the market,  Black & Decker bills this particular model as perfect for "health- and budget-conscious consumers." It includes a dual-locking safety mechanism.
Nike Free 5.0 Flash custom running shoe
Price: $150
Nike's ID line allows shoppers to customize their fitness footwear, from the infamous swoosh down to the laces.
Skullcandy earbuds
Price: From $20.99
Help your loved one power through that last rep by letting them jam out to their favorite songs.
Athleta Warm Up Gym Bag
Price: $79
By giving her this trendy gym bag, female fitness fanatics will be excited to hit the locker room.
Gaiam Custom Fit Adjustable Balance Ball Chair
Price: $79.98 on Amazon.com
With this balance ball chair, your giftee can work out their core while working up a spreadsheet.
Tern Link C7 folding bike
Price: $453.45 on bikeinn.com
For the cyclist trying to squeeze everything into a one-bedroom apartment.
Garmin Forerunner 15 smartwatch
Price: From $169.99
This easy-to-use GPS watch tracks a runner's distance, pace, heart rate and calories burned. It also syncs to Garmin's online fitness community to give runners a daily activity summary.
Under Armour ColdGear Infrared Full Zip
Price: $99
Under Armour is tapping into the women's market with products like this, a slim fleece that wicks sweat.
Lululemon Metal Vent Tech Short Sleeve shirt
Price: $64
On the flip side, Lululemon, whose brand name is basically synonymous with women's yoga pants, is offering this for male gym rats who likes to stay on-trend. This shirt includes an "anti-stink technology," which prevents odor-causing bacteria from growing on the fabric.
© 2014 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved
Tags:

Chicken abuse allegedly revealed by undercover video at Koch Foods sitesChicken abuse allegedly revealed by undercover video at Koch Foods sites
Animal cruelty allegations
Mercy for Animals
A worker at a Koch Foods farm in Puckett, Miss., is shown in a still image from a video throwing chickens into a pen.
A worker at a Koch Foods farm in Puckett, Miss., is shown in a still image from a video throwing chickens into a pen. (Mercy for Animals)
By Ellen Jean Hirst , Chicago Tribune contact the reporter
Animal rights group says it has video of chicken abuse at Koch Foods locations.
Mercy for Animals, an animal rights group, released hidden-camera video on Wednesday that showed workers abusing chickens at what is identified as Park Ridge-based Koch Foods locations.
The group asked that Koch Foods, a major chicken processor in the United States, adopt new animal welfare standards to prevent future abuse. The videos were taken from January to April at locations in Tennessee and Mississippi by undercover Mercy for Animals volunteers who got jobs at the plants, said Nick Cooney, director of education at Mercy for Animals.

New plan on Illinois minimum wage hike: $11 an hour by 201725
The issue presents an opportunity for outgoing Democratic Gov. Pat Quinn to score one more victory or face a final stinging defeat as he pushes lawmakers to raise the wage before Rauner takes over the helm of state government on Jan. 12. Rauner has called on lawmakers to defer major action until then, saying he supports an increase in the minimum wage but only if accompanied by business-friendly measures such as changes to the state’s workers compensation system.
“Raising the wage is about dignity and decency and building an economy that works for everyone,” Quinn said in a statement after the bill passed committee. “Now is the time to get this important legislation passed through the General Assembly for the hundreds of thousands of minimum wage workers across the Land of Lincoln.”
Lightford said she’s confident the measure would pass the Senate, but acknowledged it’ll have a tougher time in the House where Democrats have a large-but-narrower margin and lawmakers tend to be more conservative. Delaying the minimum wage hike until July is aimed at making it easier to pass the bill during the legislature’s fall session, where bills with an immediate effective date have to obtain 3/5ths support instead of a simple majority.
House Majority Leader Barbara Flynn Currie, D-Chicago, said she’s hopeful but not confident enough votes could be rounded up in her chamber.
“I’m sure it would have a chance,” Currie said. “But I don’t have the impression that we’ve got votes coming out of our ears.”
Business groups say they’ll continue to fight the measure, as lawmakers are scheduled to return to Springfield in early December and also could come back for last-minute, lame-duck action in early January before a new crop of legislators is sworn in.
“That’s a huge jump for small business owners to absorb,” said Kim Clarke Maisch, Illinois state director of the National Federation of Independent Business. “Going all the way to $11 would again push Illinois toward having one of the highest minimum wages in the country at a time when our neighboring states are mostly at the federal rate. We believe strongly that this puts Illinois small business owners at a competitive disadvantage.”
Lightford argues Illinois workers have been paid too little for years, and said businesses with fewer than four employees would only be required to pay the federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour.
“The business community has had years of relief,” Lightford said. “I think it's just that they don't want to do it because they don't have to do it.”
In other action Wednesday:
*The sponsor of a measure that would put in place regulations on ride-sharing services such as Uber and Lyft said he’ll wait before attempting to override Quinn’s veto. A spokesman for Rep. Mike Zalewski, D-Riverside, said the legislator is attempting to work out a deal “that both sides can live with.”
Both Quinn and Rauner opposed the measure as ride-sharing companies argued the measure was so restrictive it could put them out of business. They’re pushing for rules to be put in place at the local level, pointing to a recent ordinance passed by Chicago.
*The House sent the Senate legislation that would give the attorney general the ability to go to court to stop future cases in which a pension is being paid to a convicted public official even if a retirement board approved it.
The bill is inspired by disgraced former Chicago police Cmdr. Jon Burge, who did not lose his $4,000-a-month pension despite costing the city tens of millions in legal costs because of torture and abuse in the 1970s and 1980s. The measure would not impact Burge’s pension. Burge was sentenced to 4 1/2 half years in federal prison for his 2010 conviction on perjury and obstruction of justice charges.
*House lawmakers rejected the governor’s veto of legislation he said would reduce government transparency, instead siding with local officials who say it’ll provide relief from people who abuse the open records process.
The measure would set parameters for those seeking voluminous requests through the Freedom of Information Act. The House overrode Quinn’s veto 76-36, and it now heads to the Senate.

Apple to offer Beats music service in iPhone  iPadApple to offer Beats music service in iPhone, iPad
Apple
David Gray
The Apple logo is lit on the first day of sale for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in Sydney, Australia.
The Apple logo is lit on the first day of sale for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in Sydney, Australia. (David Gray)
By Sai Sachin R, Reuters
Apple Inc. Apple iTunes Apple iPhone Spotify Pandora Media, Inc. Apple iPad
Apple Inc will bundle the subscription music service it bought from Beats into its iOS operating system early next year, the Financial Times reported.
The inclusion of the paid-for Beats service in an iOS software update, which would instantly make it available on millions of iPhones and iPads, could happen as early as March, the daily reported, citing people familiar with the situation.
The move will mark the company's first big push into subscription music, at a time when downloads from its iTunes are in decline, the paper said.

Don Lemons apology over Cosby rape question: Factually spottyBy Erik Wemple November 19 Follow @ErikWemple
This is the cycle of death in the cable news industry:
*Given the medium’s 24-7 schedule, hosts are bound to say the stupidest things from time to time.
*There are various outlets, including this one , devoted to monitoring every minute of that schedule in hopes of busting those hosts for those stupid things.
*The cacophony stirred up by our ilk and by Twitter prompts cable news executives to “address” or to “apologize” for those stupid things.
*The almost inevitable insufficiency of those efforts produce another round of Internet-borne shaming, with the end result that cable news gets no better for all the oversight.
The latest example:
*Don Lemon last night interviewed alleged Bill Cosby rape victim Joan Tarshis.
*Acknowledging that Tarshis had been forced to perform oral sex on Cosby, Lemon pursued the following dialogue :
LEMON: You — you know, there are ways not to perform oral sex if you didn’t want to do it.
TARSHIS: Oh, I was kind of stoned at the time, and quite honestly, that didn’t even enter my mind. Now I wish it would have.
LEMON: Right.
LEMON: Meaning the using of the teeth, right?
TARSHIS: Yes. That’s what I’m, thinking…
LEMON: As a weapon.
TARSHIS: Yeah, I didn’t even think of it.
LEMON: Biting. So –
LEMON: Yes. I had to ask.
*People backlashed, via #DonLemonRapePreventionTips.
*Lemon this afternoon said exactly this about the situation: “As I am a victim myself, I would never want to suggest that any victim could have prevented a rape. If my question to her struck anyone as insensitive, I am sorry as that certainly was not my intention.”
*Factual problem: Whereas Lemon today states that he’d never want to suggest a victim could prevent a rape, that’s precisely what he stated last night as a premise to his question about biting. So that’s a problem. Though induction is very selective, Lemon may just get into the Insufficient Media Mea Culpa Hall of Fame with this one.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Industrial pollution is turning lakes into jellyBy Rachel Feltman November 19 Follow @rachelfeltman
This is a handful of Holopedium from a lake in the Muskoka-Haliburton region of Ontario. Credit: Ron Ingram, Ontario Ministry of the Environment
As Canadian lakes have become more acidic, they've become increasingly dominated by jelly-like plankton that are throwing things out of whack, new research suggests. And these gummy invaders aren't going anywhere. Soon, they could even disrupt the country's water supply.
Years of industrial pollution have replaced the calcium that should be in Canadian soil with acid. Over time, as the drainage areas that feed the country's lakes are leeched of their calcium, so are the lakes themselves.
That's bad news for the calcium-rich plankton (like the Daphnia water fleas) that used to thrive there. Research published Tuesday in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B suggests that these plankton may be losing their turf to invaders less friendly to human needs.
Daphnia need calcium to build up their exoskeleton. Without it, they're more vulnerable to predators, and their populations have been dropping. Meanwhile, the researchers report, climate change has caused oxygen levels in the lakes to decline as well. This makes for higher populations of larval midges, which are Daphnia's main predators.
That's allowed the opportunistic Holopedium to jump in, and the study authors report that populations of these gelatinous plankton have exploded in the past few decades. They only need a tenth of the calcium that Daphnia do, and are protected by their outer jelly capsules instead of by hard exoskeletons.
According to the researchers, Holopedium have been steadily increasing since around 1850 -- around the same time that industrialization began.
Why worry about jelly lakes? The researchers believe that these plankton will continue to increase in number, and will eventually be numerous enough to clog up the extraction of drinking water. They also worry that the plankton will disrupt the food chain, eventually causing changes in the populations of other organisms.
"It may take thousands of years to return to historic lake water calcium concentrations solely from natural weathering of surrounding watersheds," study co-author Andrew Tanentzap of the University of Cambridge  said in a statement . "In the meanwhile, while we've stopped acid rain and improved the pH of many of these lakes, we cannot claim complete recovery from acidification. Instead, we may have pushed these lakes into an entirely new ecological state."
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

The war on bulldozers: U.S. airstrikes pound militant construction equipmentBy Dan Lamothe November 19 Follow @danlamothe
An explosion erupts after an apparent airstrike carried out by the U.S.-led coalition against the Islamic State militant group near Kobane, Syria, on Oct. 23. (EPA/SEDAT SUNA)
U.S. military officials said Wednesday that they had launched 30 new airstrikes in Iraq and Syria in the last three days, including one against the al-Qaeda-linked Khorasan Group. But some of the strikes against the Islamic State illustrated another trend: the U.S. is attacking an array of construction equipment controlled by militants, including bulldozers, excavators and dump trucks.
A bulldozer and a front-loader were among the latest targets hit in airstrikes. Officials with U.S. Central Command said they were destroyed near Kirkuk, a city about 60 miles south of Irbil, where the United States maintains a diplomatic consulate and has based hundreds of military advisers.
The militants have used the equipment to make life miserable for Iraqis. In one case, they built earthen berms southwest of Fallujah near the Fallujah Dam, increasing the flow of water in the Euphrates River in a bid to flood civilian neighborhoods east of the city, forcing people to evacuate, military officials said. U.S. bombers blew up the the berms there Oct. 19. The equipment also can be used to push up hills that the militants can use to take cover.
In another strike announced Monday, military officials said they had destroyed two excavators and one front-loader among four airstrikes near Ar Rutbah, one bulldozer and one front-loader among among three airstrikes near Fallujah, and one bulldozer in an airstrike near Mosul.
Air attacks also were launched on two bulldozers near Fallujah in a wave of six airstrikes that occurred in Iraq between Nov. 5 and Nov. 7. The bulldozers were “engaged in constructing obstructions,” military officials said, without providing more details. Airstrikes near Fallujah on Nov. 2 and Nov. 3 also took out five bulldozers and a dump truck that were creating obstructions and berms, officials said.
Construction equipment also has been targeted on the Syrian border. Military officials said Oct. 5 that a strike northwest of Al Mayadin had destroyed a bulldozer along with two tanks and another militant vehicle.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Uber CEO apologizes. Kind of.By Jena McGregor November 19 Follow @jenamcgregor
Travis Kalanick, co-founder and chief executive officer of Uber Technologies Inc., on Thursday, July 17, 2014. Photographer: Brent Lewin/Bloomberg
On Tuesday, Uber's chief executive,  Travis Kalanick , attempted to steer the ride-sharing company away from the pileup of criticism that one of his executives caused after suggesting  that Uber dig up dirt on its critics in the press. In a series of tweets  known as a "tweetstorm," Kalanick called the comments, made by Uber senior vice president Emil Michael, "terrible," saying they "showed a lack of leadership, a lack of humanity, and a departure from our values and ideals."
But Kalanick's good intentions appeared to backfire. Rather than quiet the raging Twitter masses, he seemed only to stoke them. Some pointed out  he wasn't firing Michael. Others called the response  hollow . And many noted he didn't really apologize — except to Sarah Lacy , editor of the tech Web site PandoDaily, who was the target of Michael's comments and a  critic of Uber.
Indeed, Kalanick's tweets read less like a heartfelt, we-messed-up here apology to customers, and more like an outline for his PR strategy ("we should tell  the stories of progress and appeal to people’s hearts and minds"). They also, as others have noted, read like an internal screed for employees ("we should lead by inspiring our riders, our drivers and the public at large").
Kalanick seemed to limit his  ownership of the gaffe, distancing the company by noting  that Michael is not charged with communications strategy.He also didn't offer much in the way of specifics on  what he'll change , only saying he will "personally commit" to being "up to the challenge to show that Uber is and will continue to be a positive member of the community." 
Were this the first public flap for the company, it might go away quickly. But it  is only the latest in a string of controversies for Uber. Kalanick has caught flack for referring to his company as " Boob-er ." A  promotion in France about "hot chick" drivers got taken down  after backlash. Its aggressive  tactics against competitors have been criticized, and now, there are more  questions about privacy . (The company posted its privacy policy on Tuesday, and a company spokeswoman has told media outlets  that Michael's remarks "have no basis in the reality of our approach," saying "we have not, do not and will not investigate journalists.")
Amid a PR crisis, a CEO's apology — or apology-like statement — should put an issue to bed, allow the company to move on and turn the tide of sentiment. At the very least, it should do no more harm. Kalanick didn't just draw more critiques. He prompted another opportunity for critics to examine how he has or will respond to the controversies that seem to follow this fast-growing company.
Read also:
Like On Leadership ? Follow us on Facebook and Twitter .
Jena McGregor writes a daily column analyzing leadership in the news for the Washington Post’s On Leadership section.

Dave Chapelle clearly doesnt watch ScandalBy Helena Andrews November 19 Follow @helena_andrews
The Halley’s Comet that is comedian Dave Chappelle recently granted  a lengthy interview to GQ, as one of the guy style mag’s Men of The Year. The D.C. native was in fighting shape during the sit-down, jumping from jokes about singer D’Angelo’s militant answering machine message to the high probability that Chappelle bought weed from a then-unknown Idris Elba. It’s all very Dave, which is to say teetering right on the edge of hilarious and offensive.
Case in point: When asked about the random TV cameos on Chappelle’s bucket list, the comedian answered, “I’d be a zombie in ‘The Walking Dead.’ A corpse on ‘CSI.’ I’d be the first black guy to f— Olivia Pope on ‘Scandal.’”
Wait, what? Chappelle had us at “The Walking Dead,” but that “Scandal” dig went a little too deep, especially since it’s just plain wrong. Popeheads, back us up here.
Although the fabulous Olivia Pope, who is African American, has spent the majority of the show’s four seasons pining after the undeserving President Fitzgerald Grant, who is white, ‘Liv has dated black guys before. In fact, she almost married one.
Enter Sen. Edison Davis.
Davis, the good guy your girlfriends think is perfect for you, but who you’ll never end up with because he’s just too good, delivered some of the show’s most memorable romantic lines. Like that time he told Olivia, “I’ve watched you press your hair. This isn’t our second date. This is our one thousandth date.” But, in the end, in Shondaland all roads lead to Fitz. Plus, Olitz sounds so much better than Olied.
It was Edison who forced Olivia to finally admit that she’d never fall for anyone but the married man in the Oval. “I could marry you. I could become a senator’s wife,” she tells him, “but… I want painful, difficult, devastating, life-changing, extraordinary love.” And there in lies the entire plot of “Scandal.”
Read more Reliable Source: 

The Future of Learning: In the Classroom and Beyondreddit
Lately, there has been so much chatter about the future of work, but perhaps what we should concentrate more effort on is the future of learning. After all, learning is what prepares us for the working world, right? Or maybe it's just the opposite: The working world should perpetuate our ability to learn. How we learn in school is changing, and that will begin to impact on how the working world functions post-graduation.
Our higher education system, in general, appears to be on the brink of big change. This recent article on striking similarities between the housing bubble and the higher education bubble explains clearly that our education system is ripe for an overhaul, mainly because -- for many students -- the payoff simply is not there. Tuition costs continue to rise, debt continues to rise, yet the desired payoffs of job availability and salary are lacking.
What will the future of learning look like?
As information becomes more and more readily available with the click of a button, learning in the future will not be about memorizing facts. These "things" can now be found quickly and easily with an internet search. Instead we will focus much more on learning how to learn -- and that learning will need to happen faster and faster. This will include both processing complex information and the ability to communicate those findings. Candidate employability will be based upon how well an employee learns new skills, adapts their experiences to new situations, and -- perhaps especially -- how well they communicate with others. Employers will likely become more interested in the speed at which candidates can catch on rather than what they currently know. Technology has clearly been part of the problem by giving us easy access to information which allows us to think less, but it will also likely be part of the solution.
According to an interesting blog post entitled Generation Z will Revolutionize Education, "Baby boomers changed politics, Gen X changed family, Gen Y changed work, and Gen Z will change education.
"Although it is unlikely that universities as we know them will completely disappear, the author states that school does not completely prepare us for the working world. "Gen Y has been very vocal about this problem because a) they did everything they were told to do and it didn't help them get a job and b) we have a national crisis because Gen Y has huge debt from college and little ability to pay it back."
What will change?
Brandon Reame with Izzy+, who travels the country discussing this very topic with educators, pointed out in a recent discussion that one of the biggest shifts is that learning used to be about a teacher imparting knowledge to students. Now, with the help of technology, it is less about imparting knowledge and much more about sharing information and working through issues together. He uses a chart to explain an interactive process called "adaptive learning:" getting to the desired learning objective while balancing and leveraging prior knowledge. The "zone of optimized learning" is where students learn best and works on a spectrum of task complexity and existing skill level. Software can be leveraged to give feedback and ensure they are "in the zone" for as long as possible. If the process is too complex for their skill level, they get frustrated. Conversely if their skill level is too high for a less complex problem, they become bored.
Of course, education is not limited to classroom experiences. We do not graduate school and stop learning. With every problem comes innovative solutions. Corporations are looking for subtle, even "gamified" ways to encourage ongoing learning from employees.  Similar to the university example above, many employers are leveraging this electronic-based feedback to educate their employees.
Cisco Systems, for example, was looking for better ways to engage their employees with health benefits. Many of us have had the 1" thick folder of health benefits flopped on our desk as part of the entry paperwork at a new job. Few of us have actually read it in its entirety or taken the time to process and understand it. Cisco partnered with Thomsons Online Benefits to tackle this challenge.
I recently spoke with Chris Wakely from Thomsons Online Benefits, who told me that the company's benefits management and employee engagement software is mobile enabled to make it easy for employees to learn about and understand their benefits. Mobile capabilities of the HR software allow employees to access information through their smart devices and receive company notifications that further promote and educate employees on better wellness practices. The HR software can even be customized to show only what applies to each individual employee, and with very little effort, can improve the absorption rate of the information for employees without taking a lot of time; no formal training sessions, no time away from their "real" jobs, just passive learning that allows employees to focus on what they were hired to do while still learning the information they need.
What does this mean for us?
For all of us, not just those graduating high school and (maybe) heading off to college, we must be increasingly conscious of how we process information and avoid getting lazy with our mental fitness. Changes in how we are learning will likely create big shifts in how resume-building and hiring processes happen. According to Shelley Crooks, owner of national recruiting firm Palladian West, we are already seeing a shift.
"As technology becomes more prevalent, communication skills are getting worse. Critical thinking skills are getting worse. Where we have to be careful is: are we learning how to USE the data and make difficult decisions based on complex analysis? We are seeing more assessments dealing with critical thinking as a part of the hiring process from our clients. We have seen failures on these tests which greatly impact the candidates' employability. People have always wanted fast learners, but that coupled with good communication skills and ability to solve problems can be difficult to find."
So while it is great that technology is making learning easier, interactive and "gamified," we must all be sure that we are not losing the key skills that differentiate humans from machines: communication and critical thinking. Several websites including lumosity.com (among others) are popping up to help us do our own "brain training." Or you can simply watch the movie, Idiocracy , and you may even break out your Encyclopedia Britanica tonight.
More:

The 4 Most Common Causes of Cash Flow Challenges (and what to do about them)reddit
One of the biggest obstacles to scaling your company is cash flow.  Yet when a company struggles with cash flow they generally have a knee-jerk reaction, "We need more sales."  The painful truth is that often more sales is the worst thing for that company, as the cash flow challenge comes from a different cause.
Here is a simple diagnosis tree to follow down to get to the root of your cash flow challenges.  You'll notice that only one is poor sales.
Cash Flow Challenge Cause #1:  Poor collection on your receivables.
It's my observation that many businesses ignore this vital function because they are uncomfortable asking people or companies for money.
Yet the cost to the business can be massive, and only compound as the company grows.  Remember, once you make a sale you have all those costs of goods sold.  If you don't collect on that sale you're actually worse off than if you never made the sale in the first place.
Imagine Acme Inc. has gross sales of $1 million per year, with 5 percent of its sales going uncollected.  Well you say, that's just $50,000 out of $1 million in sales--that's just the cost of doing business.
But hang on for a second.  If Acme Inc. has 20 percent operating margin (i.e. a pretax profit margin) then that $50,000 of uncollected receivables you were so willing to write off as "the cost of doing business" represents an instant increase of 25 percent operating profits if it were collected!
So the first place to look if you are suffering from a cash flow challenge is at your balance sheet and collections practices.  Are you collecting all of what you are owed?  Are you collecting this money in a timely basis?  How much are you spending on your collections efforts?
Cash Flow Challenge Cause #2:  Your pricing is off.
Most businesses set their prices when the business is new and desperately needs business, and as a result, set pricing levels low. Over time, the business may make nominal increases to pricing every few years, but rarely does the owner ever sit down and fundamentally rethink his pricing model.
Look at your gross profit margin.  That number is a great tool to help you ferret out if somehow your pricing model is off.
This can happen to anyone.  For example, I was coaching a CPA firm in Mississippi that was struggling with cash flow.  We did a "margin analysis" breaking down their gross profit margin on every client and discovered something.  One third of their clients, which we put in to "Bucket A" were high margin clients.  One third of their clients (Bucket B) were low margin clients.  And the final third of their clients were negative margin clients (Bucket C) which meant they were losing money on every sale they made to these Bucket C clients!
We immediately raised pricing on all Bucket C clients or gently guided them to other firms.  Next, we went back to the Bucket B clients and both raised pricing and looked at ways to reduce the production cost to do the service work, both of which improved their margins.
Pay close attention to your gross profit margins, including breaking it down by client or product or service category.
Cash Flow Challenge Cause #3:  Your expenses are too high relative to your sales volume.
Costs matter. Early on, business owners know this and agonize over every penny spent. But as the business grows, you will no longer be able to be the hawk watching closely over every dollar spent.
Go through you P&L statement and question every expense, especially the big three--staffing, capital expenditures (e.g. equipment and plant), and office costs.  Can you make any cuts?  Can you negotiate with your vendors for better pricing?  Can you make a fixed expense variable (e.g. paying a performance fee vs a salary, locking in an option to renew versus an obligation, etc.)?
Cash Flow Challenge Cause #4:  Your sales are too low.
After looking at the above three cash flow issues, the bottom line cause may simply be that your sales are too low.
Can you encourage your customers to upgrade to higher value products or services?  Bundle in complementary items to increase your average unit of sale?  Do all you can to reduce attrition so you keep your customers longer?  Etc.
So before you rush off to sell your way out of a cash flow challenge, make sure you take a moment to see if that is the real root cause of the crisis.
Follow David Finkel on Twitter: www.twitter.com/mauimasterminds
More:

Rampal held at ashram after six die in violent stand-offlaw enforcement
The arrest came in the night after over 15,000 followers including women, children and the aged, who were being forcibly kept inside the ashram as a human shield to Rampal, were evacuated
The tense and violent standoff between the Haryana police and Sant Rampal ended on Wednesday night after the fugitive godman was arrested from the besieged Satlok Ashram in Barwala, Hisar.
Rampal was immediately whisked away in an ambulance for medical check-up at Hisar where he is likely to be produced in court, Inspector General of Police (Hisar Range) Anil Kumar Rao said. The godman has to be produced before the Punjab and Hayana High Court in Chandigarh by November 21 in connection with a murder case.
About 270 people have been detained, 20 of them for participating in the violence. Among those arrested are the spokesperson for the ashram, Raj Kapoor, Rampal’s associate Purshottam Das and about 150 private security personnel of the ashram.
The siege claimed the lives of six persons — five women and an infant. The police said bodies of four women were handed over to the authorities in the morning and it is unclear how they died. The child and another woman died in hospital due to medical reasons, Haryana Director General of Police S.N. Vashisht said.
Before arresting the godman, the police managed to evacuate 15,000 of his followers. The first batch of about 2,000 followers came out of the ashram late on Tuesday night, Mr Vashisht said.
They were taken to railway stations and bus stands in Hisar and Jind by the police before being packed off to their home towns.
Later more people, who the police claimed were held captive in the ashram for over a week, left the ashram.

Estimote rolls out new beacon softwareBy Matt McFarland November 19 Follow @mattmcfarland
Estimote , a maker of beacons and related software, released a batch of new tools Wednesday as it works to draw more developers and retailers to its platform.
Its new software-development kit and API bring improvements in managing beacons, securing them and analyzing the data that beacons generate. Beacons are Bluetooth-powered sensors that have been placed in stores, sports stadiums and museums as marketers try to target smartphone users with relevant, contextual information. Estimote thinks the new software will help lure developers and retailers so the beacon ecosystem reaches its potential.
Here’s a screenshot of Estimote’s new analytics interface. (Courtesy Estimote)
“Our approach to iBeacon as a platform is indicative of how innovation in the open mobile stack is moving ahead at lightning speed,” said Steve Cheney, Estimote’s senior vice president of business. “No one needs Estimote’s or Apple’s permission to create consumer value, and while we focus on areas where we’re strong, partners like TellApart and Clover fit nicely as building blocks in this open stack which provide immediate and compelling value.”
Estimote is betting big on two things: software and developers. Its staff of over 50 includes only two people working on hardware. Most are devoted to sharpening Estimote’s software so that its beacon platform is simpler for developers to work with. The easier it is for developers to build on Estimote’s platform, the more they will be drawn to it, and the better services they will be able to create. If Estimote can keep courting developers, that network effect will be a pivotal edge over competitors building beacon platforms. It’s analogous to the success of Apple’s iOS and Google’s Android over Windows Phone and Amazon’s phone, which have struggled to attract app developers.
One start-up that’s been drawn to Estimote’s engineering talent  is TellApart, a predictive marketing platform for retailers. The team of former Google engineers leverages big data to help companies pick out their highest-value customers. TellApart founder Josh McFarland tells me they’re prototyping and envisioning situations where beacons in a store will help guide you to the pair of shoes you researched on the merchant’s Web site earlier that day.
“We’re getting closer to the point of bridging these two digital worlds,” McFarland said. “We know this is a huge huge part of where the world is going.”
Beacons remain a nascent technology that most consumers have limited or no interactions with. The beacon infrastructure and best users of it are still being figured out. In one success story, American Eagle found it was able increase the likelihood of a customer trying on clothes by offering a beacon-triggered reward . So far Estimote has found strong interest from people wanting to leverage its technology. The start-up’s revenues are in the millions annually, without any sales people on staff. Return customer revenue is growing 20 percent month over month.
One of Estimote’s partners, Clover, is using its beacons to help enable customers at a German beer garden in Mountain View, Calif. to pay for their drinks through their phone. When customers walk in, they’ll receive a notification that’s triggered by Estimote’s beacons, alerting them that they can make purchases through their smartphone.
“It’s a really powerful combination where you can give these contextually aware services where consumers can start interacting with merchants on their phone because of the combination of Clover and Estimote,” said Clover founder John Beatty, who added he’d like to add more Estimote beacons at other merchants.
Estimote’s software is making it easier to update the settings on a fleet of beacons. (Courtesy Estimote)
Matt McFarland is the editor of Innovations. He's always looking for the next big thing. You can find him on Twitter and Facebook .

Fairfax County approves Tesla dealershipBy Jonathan O'Connell November 19 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
A Tesla electric car is on display at the Las Vegas Convention Center on January 7, 2014 in Las Vegas, Nevada. (Photo by David Becker/Getty Images)
The Fairfax County Board of Supervisors approved a developer’s application to open a Tesla dealership in Tysons Corner Tuesday, giving the luxury electric car marker the final major approval required to open its first sales outlet in the state.
Tesla has long shown cars to customers at a showroom in the Tysons Corner Center mall, but it took a special agreement with the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles and a zoning change for the company to be able to actually sell cars. The deal with the DMV requires Tesla to open by March of next year.
The board’s approval paves the way for Tesla to open a dealership and 8,200-square-foot showroom at 8500 Tyco Road, an industrial site off of Leesburg Pike that is part of a combination of properties being developed by the Georgelas Group near the Spring Hill station on Metro’s Silver Line.
Tesla’s interest in opening locations where it can make direct sales has been controversial in part because in many states it  puts the car maker at odds with franchised dealerships, which still transact the vast majority of car sales.
In states including Arizona, New Jersey and Texas, dealers have been fighting to protect their dominance from Tesla’s interest in direct sales, prevailing recently in Michigan when Gov. Rick Snyder signed legislation prohibiting Tesla and founder Elon Musk from selling directly to consumers.
Tysons Corner has for a generation served as one of the most prolific auto sales markets in the region, with dealerships lined up and down Leesburg Pike and other main corridors. But those lots are being sold one by one to real estate developers, as part of a plan to turn Tysons into a more walkable, urban area. While Tesla will be a part of that vision, most of the traditional dealerships have taken their models to lots at the Chantilly Autopark, located on more than 100 acres along Route 50.
In D.C., where the exodus of dealerships began a generation earlier, Tesla is poised to soon be the only car dealer  left.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Legal Panel At Federalist Society Begrudgingly Accepts Obama s Immigration PowersLegal Panel At Federalist Society Begrudgingly Accepts Obama's Immigration Powers
Posted:
Updated:
11/19/2014 10:59 am EST
President Barack Obama smiles prior to signing an executive order to implement enhanced security measures on consumers' financial security following remarks at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) in Washington, DC, October 17, 2014. The measures include plans to secure credit, debit and other payment cards with microchips, instead of magnetic strips, and assign PINs to each card. AFP PHOTO / Saul LOEB        (Photo credit should read SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images) | SAUL LOEB via Getty Images
reddit
WASHINGTON -- Last Thursday evening, word spread on Capitol Hill that House Speaker John Boehner was considering suing President Barack Obama over his impending executive action to grant deportation relief for millions of undocumented immigrants . Hours later, conservative columnist Charles Krauthammer appeared on Fox News and floated the idea that an executive action would be “an impeachable offense.”
When Boehner and Krauthammer, arguably the top political and intellectual leaders of the GOP, suggest lawsuits and impeachment, it comes with more than a dollop of significance.
Across town, however, a far different type of conversation was taking place among an equally robust part of the conservative movement. At the Mayflower Hotel, lawyers gathered for the annual Federalist Society national convention -- one of the highest-profile conservative legal events of the year. The day’s big draws were the opening speech by Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia and an evening event featuring Justice Samuel Alito.
Before the crowd changed into black tie attire for Alito's appearance, however, a smaller panel convened under the title, “Federalism: The President’s Duty to Take Care That the Law be Faithfully Executed.” Panelists discussed major confrontations between the branches of government, from enforcement of marijuana law and the implementation of health care to Obama's impending executive order on immigration.
The talk was, well, lawyerly. Every conclusion seemed to have a qualification attached to it. But, by and large, the panelists agreed the president has wide legal latitude to prioritize and shape deportation laws, as regrettable for Republicans or the long-term balance of powers that may be.
“I think the roots of prosecutorial discretion are extremely deep,” said Christopher Schroeder, the Charles S. Murphy Professor of Law and Public Policy Studies at Duke Law School. “The practice is long and robust. The case law is robust. Let me put it this way: Suppose some president came to me and asked me in the office of legal counsel, ‘Is it okay for me to go ahead and defer the deportation proceedings of childhood arrival?’ Under the present state of the law, I think that would be an easy opinion to write. Yes.”
Schroeder was speaking specifically about the deferred action program that Obama already has put into place -- the one affecting so-called Dreamers who were brought to the U.S. as children. But later, Schroeder expanded his legal reasoning.
“I don’t know where in the Constitution there is a rule that if the president’s enactment affects too many people, he’s violating the Constitution,” Schroeder said. “There is a difference between executing the law and making the law. But in the world in which we operate, that distinction is a lot more problematic than you would think. If the Congress has enacted a statute that grants discretionary authority for the administrative agency or the president to fill in the gaps, to write the regulations that actually make the statute operative, those regulations to all intents and purposes make the law.
“I agree this can make us very uncomfortable. I just don’t see the argument for unconstitutionality at this juncture,” Schroeder added.
For those cheering on the Obama administration as the president gets set to unveil his executive action -- perhaps as early as this week -- this is the nut of it. There is a history, dating back to the '70s, of presidents using prosecutorial discretion when it comes to deportations. That those prior actions were smaller in scope doesn’t change the legal foundation upon which they and future ones rest. If conservative legal scholars agree, that’s not just affirmation, it’s gravy.
“I’m not disagreeing with you,” chimed in John Baker Jr. midway through Schroeder’s remark. Baker, a visiting professor at Georgetown University Law Center, had earlier accused the Obama administration of having, “as its purpose,” the goal of “destabilizing the republic.” But he also made the case that the way to stop a president this hell-bent on destruction was neither through lawsuits nor impeachment. It's through cleaner legislative language.
“If Congress wants to restrain the discretion of the president, they are supposed to do what the separation of powers encourages them to do: Write the statute tightly so that it will be actually administered the way you want it administered," Baker said. "The reality is many members of Congress don’t care how it is administered until somebody squawks about it. They don’t read the statutes, so how do they know how it is going to be administered.”
Later in the nearly 90-minute program, Neal Devins, director of the election law program at the College of William & Mary, offered a similar-sounding conclusion.
“I do not think the executive is subordinate to the judiciary, and if the executive is not subordinate to the judiciary and has the power to independently interpret the Constitution, it can’t be exercised only at the veto point when a prior president may have signed the bill,” Devins said. “The president who inherits the bill has to have the opportunity to interpret it himself and not be bound by the prior administration. The idea that the prior administration can tie the hands of a subsequent administration doesn’t make sense to me.”
But what if a president is reversing his own earlier judgement, he was asked. Obama, after all, has declared on numerous occasions that he can’t simply re-interpret immigration laws as he sees fit. He did so when defending himself to immigration reform advocates who demanded that he defer deportations. Now, he seems poised to do that very re-interpreting.
“The president cannot bind future administrations," Devins conceded. "It’s a little trickier to say the president cannot bind himself.”
Then Devins plowed forward once more. “But the president has the power to independently interpret. He can come across uncovered evidence. Just like the courts can reverse themselves, the presidents should be able to reverse themselves, right? Why would we give the Supreme Court the power to reverse itself and not give the president that power?”
Much of this discussion, it should be noted, was at an abstract level -- not necessarily tailored to the specific executive action Obama is considering.
The panelists were offering their own viewpoints, not speaking on behalf of the Federalist Society. And not all of them are down-the-line conservatives. Professor Schroeder, for example, advised the Obama administration's Department of Justice .
After Devins offered his question, no one pushed back. That they didn’t wasn’t necessarily surprising for many immigration reform critics, considering the recent history of conservative jurisprudence.
. @samsteinhp Generation of conservative legal scholars learned to defend/believe in expansive executive power. This is a problem.
— Mickey Kaus (@kausmickey) November 14, 2014
These critics argue that while the president may be following prior presidents' use of prosecutorial discretion, Obama is contemplating an order so vast that those precedents essentially don't apply.
Others, including some conservative lawyers, haven’t so much criticized the legal foundation for executive action as to warn that it may open the door for policies either more egregious or with different ideological objectives. The Washington Post’s editorial page made such a point on Tuesday. John C. Yoo, a University of California, Berkeley, law professor who was quite the fan of expansive executive authority when he worked in the George W. Bush Justice Department, posed the underlying question in an article for the Texas Law Review.
“Can a President who wants tax cuts that a recalcitrant Congress will not enact decline to enforce the income tax laws?” asked Yoo , along with University of St. Thomas law professor Robert Delahunty. “Can a President effectively repeal the environmental laws by refusing to sue polluters, or workplace and labor laws by refusing to fine violators?”
The panelists at the Federalist Society didn’t address Yoo’s specific piece. But several noted that the lawyers of the Bush years hastened the creation of the powerful executive that the audience was now lamenting during the Obama years; though that didn't, they added, make the laments any less serious. Baker, the most vocal Obama critic on the panel, argued that while the breadth of executive actions was not, per se, illegal, it was “undermining the whole foundation of our Constitution.”
Where he differed, perhaps, was in assigning blame. The onus was not on the president to check his own power, but on Congress to act with institutional self-interest. Asked whether Republicans could pass a continuing resolution declaring Obama’s executive order on deportations to be a usurpation of legislative power, Baker nearly scoffed audibly.
“Sometimes Congress will pass resolutions when they don’t want to do anything, but they want to tell voters they’ve done something,” Baker said. “So i don’t think much of resolutions. It is about power, and the power is in the money, and [Rep. Paul] Ryan and others have said, 'We are going to stop you from implementing this through the power of the purse.' That’s about the only thing they have at this point.”
This story has been updated to reflect that the Federalist Society does not take formal positions, and that not all of its members are conservative on all issues.
Also on HuffPost:

2nd French Militant Identified In ISIS Beheading VideoSecond French Militant Identified In Islamic State Beheading Video
 | By VIVIAN SALAMA and DEB RIECHMANN
Posted:
reddit
BAGHDAD (AP) — Kurdish forces, backed by U.S.-led airstrikes, launched a new offensive Wednesday targeting the Islamic State group in areas of Iraq that the extremists had captured this past summer.
The operation came as Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said details haven't been finalized for a deal that would have his country train rebels to battle IS in Syria, where the militants also hold territory
A U.S.-led coalition is targeting IS from the sky in Iraq and Syria, supporting Western-backed Syrian rebels, Kurdish fighters and the Iraqi military on the ground. The strikes have helped halt the extremists' move to take the Syrian city of Kobani near the Turkish border, and enabled Iraqi forces to make key advances.
The U.S. Central Command said that the U.S. and allied nations have conducted 24 airstrikes against IS militants in Iraq since Monday, a majority near the city of Kirkuk. In Syria this week, the coalition has carried out six airstrikes against IS and one against the so-called Khorasan group, which Washington says is a special cell that is plotting attacks against Western interests. Most of the strikes targeting IS in Syria took place in Kobani, according to the statement.
On Tuesday, the Kurds captured six IS-controlled buildings in Kobani and confiscated a large amount of weapons and ammunition, the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
In Iraq, the new offensive by Kurdish forces, known as the peshmerga, targeted areas in Diyala and Kirkuk provinces, said Jaber Yawer, a peshmerga spokesman. The IS extremists had seized the territory in their August offensive that saw them capture a third of Iraq.
In Diyala, the peshmerga worked with Iraqi security forces to retake the towns of Saadiya and Jalula, Yawer said. In Kirkuk, Kurdish forces backed by coalition airstrikes launched attacks to retake territory near the town of Kharbaroot, located 35 kilometers (22 miles) west of the city of Kirkuk.
The offensive began as a suicide car bomber struck in the heart of Irbil, killing at least five people, officials said. No group immediately claimed responsibility for the midday attack in the capital of the semi-autonomous Kurdish region, though authorities suspected the Islamic State group. Authorities also suspected IS in three Baghdad bombings that killed at least 10 people and wounded almost 30.
Turkey, while previously backing Syrian rebels fighting to topple President Bashar Assad, has been hesitant to aid the Kobani fight over its own fears about stoking Kurdish ambitions for an independent state. On Wednesday, Erdogan said no deal had been finalized for Turkey to train rebels under the auspices of the U.S.-led operation against IS.
"If we only talk about train and equip, we would be lying to ourselves," Erdogan said, reiterating that overthrowing Assad must be a priority as well.
Retired Marine Gen. John Allen, the U.S. envoy for the international coalition, held talks with Turkish officials in Ankara on Wednesday but few details were released.
The IS group has declared a self-styled Islamic caliphate in areas under its control in Iraq and Syria, governing it according to its violent interpretation of Shariah law. The group has carried out mass killings targeting government security forces, ethnic minorities and others against it, including a video released Sunday with militants showing they beheaded American aid worker Peter Kassig.
Among the militants in that video were two French citizens, identified by the government in Paris as Maxime Hauchard, 22, and Mickael Dos Santos, 22. Both men were said to have left for Syria in August 2013.
France also said Wednesday it would send an additional six fighter jets to back the U.S.-led coalition. The jets will be deployed next month to Jordan, reducing the flying time to Iraq, said Col. Gilles Jaron, a French military spokesman. France already has 12 aircraft taking part in strikes in Iraq.
___
Riechmann contributed from Istanbul. Associated Press writers Bram Janssen in Irbil, Iraq, Hamza Hendawi in Baghdad, Lori Hinnant and Jamey Keaten in Paris, Ryan Lucas in Beirut and Jon Gambrell in Cairo contributed to this report.
Also on HuffPost:

Writing Capitalism s New Chapterreddit
In boardrooms and executive suites around the world, business leaders - those people who are truly leading and not just managing their companies - are writing a new chapter of capitalism. The new chapter seeks to preserve (and expand) the gains in quality of life, longevity, health and well-being and prosperity that are the best results of this economic system while working to ensure that those benefits are universally shared and they do not come at the expense of the Earth's vast - but finite - natural resources. These business leaders not only understand that these gaps threaten to reverse the gains that we have achieved.
Capitalism's new chapter must preserve those elements that have driven successes while learning and applying the lessons from the past. But for those who question whether capitalism itself is fundamentally at odds with a vision for corporate responsibility and a sustainable future, it is well to remember that capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other economic system conceived or tried. That is why what we need to do is write a new chapter and not write a whole new book.
One such leader is Indra Nooyi, Chairman & CEO of PepsiCo, a global company that continues to evolve its food and beverage portfolio, and one that is well regarded as an environmental steward and a leading employer .
I recently had the pleasure of hearing her speak at the BSR Conference in New York where she presented a powerful vision of what this new chapter would look like, how it would be written and by whom.
"This next chapter of capitalism is where the performance of the private sector is in harmony with the progress of society. A chapter in which value is created for the benefit of all, which brings me to this question ... who will write this next chapter of capitalism?"
"The next chapter will be written by all of us- the next generation of executives, subject matter experts, academics and  investors, commentators, regulators, non-profit leaders. Everybody has to come together to write this next chapter of capitalism. This next chapter cannot be written by just one person, one institution or one sector because the goal of capitalism is to create value ... financial, societal, scientific or otherwise ... for everyone in society. We know that value is there. We just need to turn the page ... We need to build a sustainable future."
Writing the New Chapter
Perhaps the reason that Mrs. Nooyi's analogy of 'writing a new chapter' resonated with me is due to my own experience with writing. Whenever I write, there is always a balance between covering the subject completely and doing it in a way that is compelling and interesting.  This balance is one that many writers, including myself, find difficult.
"We're sitting on this goldmine; this wonderful instrument called capitalism," explained Mrs. Nooyi. "Let's really write the next chapter, so that we don't read these articles about inequality and environmental issues and just sit back and do nothing about it."
"Don't mistake one thing. We are focused on performance. We are delivering short term, top tier financial returns," said Mrs. Nooyi. "But what we do judiciously is balance the level of performance we deliver in the short term so we can keep going for a long time."
This is a key point: understanding that sometimes managing the level and duration of performance remains a delicate balance, and this often requires difficult, but necessary decisions.
"What CEOs have to do to effect change is tough work, so there is nothing called 'the omnipotent CEO '. What we have is a pulpit. We have a platform from which we can talk about issues. We have a company where we can effect change. However hard it is, we can effect change. We can be role models," explained Mrs. Nooyi
Clearly her approach it is not about adding an addendum to the current chapter; "I wanted to change how we made money, not what we did with the money we earned." She asks the ultimate question; "Should we drive short term performance to dizzying levels at the expense of the long term?"
Her vision is clear, PepsiCo will be "(t)he company that models that you can actually focus on the short and the long term and comes out ahead. That's what we're trying to do."
This is a sentiment that comes from a sense of legacy, something one often sees in family-owned businesses (or businesses where the founder remains a spiritual if not physical presence within the organization). In these companies the idea of stewarding something that was built and passed to them - and that they will one day pass down to subsequent generations - comes naturally. But for leaders who are often in the c-suite for tenures measured (and rewarded) in months, it may be hard to have this mindset. That is why it is encouraging to see that the 'revolving door' in the c-suite seems to be slowing down, with the length of CEO tenure increasing . Whether this is part of the new chapter or simply an anomaly due to economic realities remains to be seen.
Editing the New Chapter
Again, from my personal experience, it is very hard to edit my own work. For me, there so there is no substitute for a good, impartial, intelligent editor. And we're going to need one.
Why? Because we must also be prepared to edit what we have already written. As Mrs. Nooyi (and others at the conference pointed out) there is an overwhelming preponderance of reports, scorecards and metrics defining and evaluating companies today. This confuses our stakeholders (consumers, communities, etc.) as well as the companies themselves. The only way to address this, to follow the analogy, is that we need to simplify the text. That means we may have to abandon our favorite scorecards, perhaps even replacing all of them with one that serves as a global consensus for what truly constitutes a responsible and sustainable business.
Conclusion
But in the end, this new chapter still leverages the unique power of capitalism. Mrs. Nooyi believes that it will be "a chapter in which the performance of the private sector is in harmony with the progress of society...to build a sustainable future...but only if all members of society - business, government, nonprofit - come together to do their part."
Follow John Friedman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JohnFriedman
More:

Predatory Listening: Are You Guilty  Tooreddit
Have you done it?  I know I have and your friends and family have probably done it too?  It's something that most don't like, it's considered to be rude, and it demonstrates that the speaker's comments aren't important, the listener isn't interested, or there is an uncontrollable necessity to respond ... now.
This aggressive communication tactic referred to is "predatory listening".  Predatory listening is a need, a desire, an overwhelming urge, or something else that causes an individual to interrupt a speaker's communication prematurely.  Ideally, a speaker will deliver their message, the receiver will listen and acknowledge, and then a response will be formulated.  Although, a predatory listener won't be focused on the entire message, but instead will listen for moments to interrupt, prepare for a rebuttal, or outright ignore any communication sent from the sender.
Predatory listening is a tool that is used too often between friends, with loved-ones, and in business.  It's a damaging tool to effective communication, understanding or any attempt(s) to consider another's perspective.  Moreover, it can also cause the communication process to take much longer due to an individual speaking over someone to have their message heard.
Conversely, active listening isn't a difficult skill to master, but it does take commitment by the non-speaking party to allow the speaker to fully express their viewpoint prior to interrupting the communication.
Steps that can be used to become an active listener:
Pay attention and listen - give the speaker the same courtesy and attention that you would want given to you;
Maintain eye contact - direct visual alignment between the speaker and the receiver provides a feeling of connectedness with the message;
Lean inward - the receiver's body position should be directed toward the speaker, which will demonstrate engagement with the conversation and the speaker;
Send acknowledgements - use subtle positive body gestures to demonstrate that the message is received, which doesn't mean agreement; if the speaker cannot see the receiver, then an occasional low-pitch auditory response can provide a similar message;
Delay any response - don't be overeager to respond, as eagerness can be perceived as the receiver is preparing to attack versus listening for comprehension;
Verbally acknowledge - let the speaker know that their message was received by paraphrasing or using parts of their communication in the response;
Respond - answer any inquires and then add to the conversation, as a failure to address any inquires first can convey that the speaker's comments weren't processed or important.
There can be an eagerness -- at times -- to have an individual's comment(s) or position(s) heard.  However, is the urgency to respond more important than a moment to value others' contribution to a conversation?  Most times it isn't more important.  Therefore, demonstrate that you're not someone who is listening just to be ready to attack its prey, but instead give individuals an opportunity to have their communication captured.
This post originally appeared on S. L. Young's blog on his website at: www.slyoung.com
Follow S. L. Young on Twitter: www.twitter.com/slyoungva
More:

Violence and chaos unlimitedREUTERS Friendship talks What do Afghanistan's Ashraf Ghani and Pakistan's Nawaz Sharif have in store for India?
Reuters Friendship talks What do Afghanistan's Ashraf Ghani and Pakistan's Nawaz Sharif have in store for India?
Post-Karzai Afghanistan seems headed there. And there are any number of cooks stirring the Taliban broth
November 19, 2014:  
A recent report issued by the Pentagon has, for the first time, alluded to “sanctuaries” in Pakistan for harbouring terrorists on its borders with both Afghanistan and India. Testifying before the Senate Armed Services Committee in September 2011, the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff Admiral Mullen stated: “The fact remains that the Quetta Shura (Taliban) and the Haqqani Network operate from Pakistan with impunity.
Extremist organisations, serving as proxies of the government of Pakistan, are attacking Afghan troops and civilians as well as US soldiers.” Mullen described how the Haqqani Network had attacked the US embassy in Kabul in September 2011.
Hillary Clinton has not minced words, warning that Pakistan would pay a high price for its actions. She bitingly told Pakistan: “You cannot nurture snakes in your backyard and expect they will only bite your neighbours.”
More recently, she is reported to have asked the former chief of army staff Gen AP Kayani: “How do you envisage Pakistan in 2020 — as South Korea or the Democratic Republic of Congo”? She is said to have left the general speechless.
It is clear that the US now recognises groups like the Lashkar-e-Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammed and the Dawood network as inimical to its security interests.
But, while one can realistically expect some intelligence sharing and monitoring of funds of these outfits, India should not believe the US will take any meaningful action to dismantle or degrade them. Action against ISI-backed terrorist groups targeting India cannot be outsourced.
Security risk
The bulk of Pakistan’s diplomatic and military attention will be focused on developments across the Durand Line for the foreseeable future. Over 80,000 Pakistani troops are now taking on those of its former “assets” now affiliated with the Tehriq-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP).
With nearly a million Pashtun tribals fleeing their homes, the Pakistan military has not destroyed, but dispersed internal terrorism. The attack by the TTP in Wagah was a manifestation of this development.
But, given the subterranean links the ISI doubtless retains with the TTP, one should not discount the ISI using the TTP brand name to mount or incite terrorist attacks in India.
Amidst these developments, India has to keep a close eye on what is transpiring in Afghanistan, as the new Ashraf Ghani dispensation takes charge in Kabul.
Close watch
The most significant development that India can ill afford to ignore is that the US no longer regards the Mullah Omar-led Afghan Taliban as an Al Qaeda “affiliate” and is no longer prepared to regard the Taliban as a terrorist challenge. This, despite the ever-increasing Taliban attacks in Afghanistan over the past year, during which American soldiers have been killed.
Despite its professions of supporting “reconciliation” being “Afghan-led”, the US appears keen to give the ISI a major role in the entire process of Afghan “reconciliation”. Moreover, former president Hamid Karzai’s exit has seen a paradigm shift in Afghan foreign and security policies. Learning from bitter experience, Karzai had little faith in Pakistani professions of good intentions. Ghani obviously intends to experiment with tests of Pakistani “sincerity”.
The new formula of the Ghani dispensation, with more than evident American enthusiasm, is to try out China to help facilitate “reconciliation” with the Taliban.
Seeking to reassure the Taliban and Pakistan of Chinese intentions, the Global Times proclaimed: “China will never take on the role played by the US and NATO and act as a powerful meddler.
China supports peaceful rebuilding and ethnic reconciliation in the war-torn country. There is a cost of being a major power and we need to get used to it.”
While Ghani insisted on an “Afghan-led and Afghan-owned peace process”, China has longstanding Pakistan-facilitated links, overt and covert, with the Taliban and its Quetta Shura.
While Afghanistan needs billions of dollars of foreign aid every year, all that the Chinese offered Ghani was aid amounting to $350 million over three years.
Pakistan’s strategy now appears clear, with its “all weather friend” China guiding the “reconciliation” process.
The Taliban will be facilitated to seize full control of parts of south-eastern Afghanistan and establish a de facto government there. The Afghan army lacks the firepower and airlift capabilities to retain control all across the country.
With control of territory in Afghanistan, the Taliban will seek equality in order to undermine the claims of the Ghani government as the only legitimate authority in the country.
According to Afghanistan’s interior minister Omar Daudzai, the Taliban is currently active in 18 out of Afghanistan’s 34 provinces, where the ill-equipped Afghan forces can rarely move outside their bases.
Afghan reluctance
Given the ambivalence and indeed some would say duplicity involved in US links with the Taliban commencing with the incarceration of Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar, it is questionable if the US will strongly object to such a Taliban strategy. Moreover, given his dependence on the US, President Ghani may well be reluctant to challenge the US.
His position and standing within Afghanistan will inevitably be questioned and eroded. Nothing would suit Pakistan and the Taliban better than a political vacuum in Afghanistan.
It remains to be seen if Ghani will adopt the same role that his predecessor did, by taking note of Pakistan’s vulnerabilities arising from its suppression of Pashtun tribals, by its military actions in the tribal areas
All this should not deter India from going ahead with its plans to join Iran in developing the Iranian port of Chabahar.
This project strategically guarantees India access to Afghanistan and Central Asia.
Moreover, given the ethnic and sectarian tensions that Iran faces internally and externally, New Delhi will have to closely coordinate its strategies in Afghanistan with Iran, Russia and Afghanistan’s Central Asian neighbours. This will no doubt figure prominently during the Russian president Vladimir Putin’s visit to India.
It should be remembered that Taliban control of southern Afghanistan was used in the past by Pakistan to train terrorists for “jihad” in Jammu and Kashmir.
Taliban control over southern Afghanistan will undermine our security. It will embolden the ISI belief that it pays to use terrorism as an instrument of state policy.
These concerns should be conveyed unambiguously to both the Obama administration and the Republican-controlled US Congress.
The author is a former high commissioner to Pakistan
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

Why India needed to stand up to WTOWhy India needed to stand up to WTO
Tulsi Jayakumar
Tweet
Seeing green India’s grain exports have led to a global backlash TACSTOCK1/SHUTTERSTOCK.COM
The WTO’s objections over our grain stockpile do not make sense. Hence the July stand-off and the recent resolution
India’s tough stance at the World Trade Organisation over public stockpiling of food grain and its dispute resolution with the US is being portrayed as another instance of the trade brinkmanship. With the signing of the indefinite “peace clause”, India can continue with its food subsidy programme pending a permanent settlement of the issue. But is it right to look upon this as brinkmanship?
While India seems to have won this round, South Asia security affairs expert Teresita Schaffer suggests that the incident may strengthen and vindicate India’s stance to use ‘brinkmanship tactics’ in trade negotiations, in turn souring relations with Washington.
Earlier too, Western commentators had criticised the Government’s refusal to play ball with regard to the Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA).
India’s stance was seen as compromising the consensus-based approach of the WTO, threatening the credibility and the very future of the WTO. But the reality is more complex.
Not in agreement
It is true that the earlier UPA government had agreed upon the TFA and a reversal of stance by the new government in July may have raised questions on the credibility of India’s political system.
Equally, India’s refusal to approve the TFA in July had only a handful of supporters among the 160 WTO members. That India had a point however, was amply demonstrated in the few voices that spoke out in support.
Thus, South Africa in a strong statement to the General Council on the issue, said: “Repeated failure to deliver meaningful outcomes on issues of interest to the poorest members… can equally be characterised as harming the credibility of our organisation”.
Developed countries oppose developing country food security programmes based on the contention that they represent implicit subsidies under the WTO’s Agreement on Agriculture (AoA).
India’s national food security programme — which involves government procurement of food grain at administered prices and their distribution to the target sections either free or at subsidised rates — was seen as one such subsidy.
The difference between the (higher) administered prices and current market prices represented a subsidy under AoA, which, it was alleged, could be used to build food surpluses that could be dumped into international markets.
These allegations of implicit subsidies were problematic. One, the ‘subsidies’ appeared larger on account of the AoA’s selection of international prices in 1986-88 as the reference point. The food price changes since then render this base outdated. A more recent base year is called for to accurately assess the real value of the subsidy.
More importantly, a deeper analysis of the economics of the food security row reveals the hypocrisy of developed countries — especially the US and the European Union — with their larger food support programmes.
US domestic support in 2010 under the AoA, for instance, amounted to $120.5 billion, as opposed to India’s $12 billion in food subsidy.
Food exports
The two major food grain distributed under India’s food security programme are wheat and rice. A perusal of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data indicates that for the period 2000-01 to 2013-14, the government’s procurement of rice and wheat went up by 47 per cent and 53 per cent, respectively.
The Government’s additions to stocks of rice over the period were of the order of 31 per cent. In the case of wheat, paradoxically, stocks fell by 17 per cent over the period.
These numbers are not significant enough to suggest that the Government influenced international food grain availability and prices, through official stocks.
Perusal of export data presents a different picture. Indian exports of rice are mainly of two types — the aromatic Basmati and the non-Basmati rice varieties.
While the quantity of basmati rice exports increased by 316 per cent, that of non-Basmati exports rose by 862 per cent over 2000-01 to 2012-13; the quantum of wheat exports rose by 279 per cent.
More staggering is the increase in the value of rice and wheat exports in US dollar terms.
Thus, while the value of rice exports over the period increased by 670 per cent, that of wheat exports increased by a whopping 2029 per cent.
Which means the food security row seems to have little to do with increased government procurement and release in the form of export surpluses.
At the heart of the row are the growing Indian exports of food grains, and their potential effects on global food grain prices.
Brinkmanship?
The TFA sought easier market access for developed countries through improvements of ports and other trade infrastructure such as customs regulations of developing countries.
This involved additional capital costs for developing countries together with opportunity costs in terms of developmental expenditure foregone.
Moreover, the TFA was only one element of the Bali package; food security and policies to support least developed countries constituted the remaining two elements.
The latter two, however, had vague commitments and distant deadlines and compromised the “single undertaking” principle governing the package.
By ‘reneging’ on its ‘commitment’ to implement the TFA, India seemed to have used trade brinkmanship to threaten, “the first global trade reform since WTO was set up in 19 years”.
However, even a suggestion of such a nature represents a failure to understand the true economics of the food security row, as also a genuine concern of developing country needs.
The writer teaches Economics at the SP Jain Institute of Management & Research, Mumbai. The views are personal
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

Labour and the great gig pie in the skyLabour and the great gig pie in the sky
TANYA THOMAS
A weekly column that helps you ask the right questions
The Reds are doing slapstick?
No, labour as in you and me. The great and powerful workforce or the faceless mass of people who live by their daily drudgeries, depending on which school of economic thought you subscribe to.
So this is about me. What about me?
Haven’t you heard? We’re going to be liberated.
Well that’s good news. But I’ll still have a job, right?
Only if you want to, and it’s almost embarrassing to admit you want to stick to a traditional, boring dead-end job when you have the option of joining the wonderful and new gig economy.
The what economy?
Gig economy, a new way of working that offers workers creativity and flexibility in signing on only to do specific jobs they want to do while dancing their way to the bank at the end of the day.
I hear a ‘but’ coming…
But the truth is that there are few such jobs going around, no guarantee of good pay and very very little that’s new about the gig economy, except that it’s a remixed spin to an old tune.
What’s it all about?
The phrase originated, not surprisingly, among Silicon Valley’s entrepreneur-economists and means the same as freelancing. The crux of the gig economy is about taking on short-term, flexible freelance jobs — it can be anything from writing a college student’s paper or testing a new website to babysitting a stranger’s toddler or setting up someone’s new furniture. Together, all this gives an out-of-work person some way of paying bills.
Sounds like the techies have formalised all this.
In fact, they have. The term gig economy gained currency when start-ups allowed individuals to post openings for temp jobs and let freelances pick and choose the ones they would like to do, all for a price. One such start-up is the US-based TaskRabbit, which lets you (as an employer) outsource tasks you don’t want to do or gives you (as an employee, or a micro-entrepreneur, if you prefer a fancier work title) take on a temporary assignment at a price.
How do they arrive at this price?
Once the posting in out there online, anybody interested in taking on the job can apply and bid a price, that is, indicate the lowest pay at which they are willing to do the job. The person who posted the opening then has a pool of possible micro-entrepreneurs to choose from and gives the job to a person of their choice.
That’s neat, but nothing that’s really new.
The gig economy became popular over the last few years in the West, during the recession when suddenly a flood of people found themselves out of traditional work structure. A host of new start-ups realised they could sign on these people and even others for part-time. For example, Uber, the taxi hiring app, has several school teachers moonlight as taxi drivers to supplement their incomes. That’s the gig economy too.
This hasn’t reached India yet?
How different is this from online content writing or the ‘school tuition’ services that are advertised on trees near apartment blocks or the contract labourers we hire to move in new furniture?
So what’s going wrong then?
Well, in the West the gig economy is being held responsible for driving down average wages. It suffers from all the shortcomings of contract labour; low pay, no benefits and no unionisation. It’s not a party you would stay long at.
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

Whats in a name Plenty  if it happens to be ISISWhat’s in a name? Plenty, if it happens to be ISIS
Adith Charlie
Terror group’s atrocities tarnish brand identity of firms sharing the name
Mumbai, November 19:  
When Kauser Indorewala and his business partners were deciding on a name for their biotech venture, they didn’t think twice about settling for ISIS — the Egyptian goddess of health. Today, however, ISIS has achieved a sinister renown as the Islamic militant group infamous for its chilling brutality in Iraq and Syria.
The atrocities committed by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIS) threaten to tarnish the brand identity of several home-bred companies that have used the ISIS name for years, though they are not even remotely connected with the terrorist organisation.
Indorewala and promoters of another 43 Indian companies, according to Ministry of Corporate Affairs data, now face a difficult decision: whether to rename their businesses.
“Customers from Israel and other countries in the Middle-East have stopped communicating with us. Several Indian Government organisations have told us to change the company’s name as they are not comfortable with ISIS,” says Indorewala, a Director of the Nashik-based ISIS Biotechnology.
The company has resisted the change for fear of diluting its brand equity. However, “if the pressure keeps mounting and things do not change, we may have to change the name”, said Indorewala.
Dilip Thomas, Chief Executive Officer of Kolkata-based Isis Design Services, is in a similar predicament. He said his company is being compelled to let go of a name in use since 1999.
“We do not have a choice really, as most of our customers are from the West. They are tuned into what’s happening in the Middle East. We have been clearly told they would discontinue working with us unless we rebrand,” Thomas said.
Isis Design Services, which provides mobile application and web development services, is now working on a new name for the company.
Even a coincidental association with a terror outfit could badly damage a company’s reputation, said brand consultant Harish Bijoor. “ISIS is seen as the future of terror. Brands must dissociate themselves from this movement by changing their names, so that they do not get tarnished by the same brush.”
Globally, companies are removing ISIS from their names. In July, mobile wallet app company Isis, a joint venture between AT&T, T-Mobile and Verizon, rebranded itself as Softcard.
“Many visitors on our company’s Facebook page post snide remarks. So, there is an impact in terms of the dogma that the name ISIS creates,” said Shubhojit Chatterjee, Director of New Delhi-based Isis Lifestyle, a visual arts and merchandise production firm.
However, Chatterjee said his team had decided to stick with the name. “Changing the company name is like acknowledging the terrorist outfit, and that’s exactly what they want,” he added.
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

Furniture brand Casa Paradox launches new retail conceptHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Furniture brand Casa Paradox launches new retail concept
Meenakshi Verma Ambwani
BUSINESS LINE
New Delhi, November 19:  
Home décor and designer furniture brand Casa Paradox, owned by Raseel Gujral Ansal and Navin Ansal, has launched a select retail concept called Casa Pop to target younger urban consumers and plans to use the franchise route to grow the brand.
Currently, Casa Pop offers home accessories, soft furnishing, tableware and jewellery. Its first store has opened in South Delhi, and it plans to take it to other metros and international markets.
Raseel Gujral Ansal, Founder & Creative Director, Casa Paradox, said: “We have a retail programme in place and we will introduce new product lines, which will include apparel, crockery and luggage besides, laptop bags within the next six months.”
The company is producing all its products through export vendors, while monitoring the quality standards and designing these products in an in-house design studio.
She said through Casa Pop stores, designed to be part of mall developments, the company wants to offer high-quality yet affordable limited edition products and will look at growth through volumes.
The company will next open in Mumbai and also look at franchise partners to expand presence within Delhi-NCR and other metros.
The company will also have its own e-commerce retail channel keeping in mind both domestic and international consumers. “Our own e-commerce site will launch in the next few days,” she added.
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

Hudhudtakesheavy toll on Anakapalle jaggeryHudhud takes heavy toll on Anakapalle jaggery
Ch. R. S Sarma
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Nov 19:  
The Anakapalle jaggery market in Visakhapatnam district has taken a huge hit in the aftermath of Hudhud cyclone and arrivals in the marketyard have not yet picked up even after nearly 40 days after the cyclone.
On Wednesday, 4,000 lumps (of 15-17 kgs apiece) arrived in the marketyard at Anakapalle and the prices were in the range of Rs 240-290 per 10 kgs, according to trade sources. Even now in many of the jaggery-producing villages power has not been restored to agricultural connections. Farmers are preparing jaggery by running the cane crushers and jaggery pans on diesel. It is adding to the cost of production and the production has suffered as a result.
Anakapalle MLA P.S Govind said he had impressed upon the Tranco officials the need to restore power as early as possible to the farm connections in the area, but "it may take some more time, at least 20 days or so." He said he had pleaded with the Government to provide diesel on subsidy to farmers till then, as the cost of production of jaggery was going up.
Usually, the Anakapalle market receives on the aggregate 4 million lumps (of 15-17 kgs apiece) in a season and the arrivals begin in October-November, but gather momentum only after December. They continue up to April-May and then the slack season begins. "This year because of the cyclone the arrivals have suffered badly in October-November, and only this week the arrivals have touched the 4,000-lumps a day mark. This trend will continue for at least a fortnight as power has not yet been restored to agricultural connections. Only in December arrivals may improve," says K. Butchi Raju, a trader.
He has said that according to farmers there may be a shortfall of 8-10 lakh lumps this season due to the cyclone.
There are three co-operative sugar factories in Visakhapatnam district - one at Tummapala, the second at Chodavaram and the third at Yetikoppaka. The jaggery production also depends on the functioning of the factories. The Tummapala factory is always in a crisis and, if it does not crush sugar this season, the arrivals may improve at the jaggery market.
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

Chidambaram questions KVP relaunchP CHIDAMBARAM, Former Finance Minister
New Delhi, November 19:  
Former Finance Minister and Congress leader P Chidambaram on Wednesday raised some questions on the re-launched savings instrument Kisan Vikas Patra (KVP).
While re-launching KVP on Tuesday, the Finance Ministry had said a Permanent Account Number or PAN is not required to invest in the scheme. It had also said there will not be any upper limit on investment.
In a statement, Chidambaram said while the ostensible purpose is to promote savings, “the argument is suspect because there are other fixed-income instruments which offer better returns.”
He put forth four questions to the Narendra Modi government. He asked whether payment is not required to be made by cheque or bank draft but can also be made in cash.
“Will those who have a PAN be required to quote the PAN or is PAN being dispensed with? What are the Know Your Customer (KYC) norms, if any, that will be applicable to an investment made in KVP? Will KVP be freely transferable without any limit on the number of transfers? If so, what is the use of applying KYC to the first purchaser?” Chidambaram asked.
The KVP was discontinued by the UPA Government in 2011, when Pranab Mukherjee was Finance Minister. The Shyamala Gopinath Committee report recommended abolition of KVP as the scheme was being misused for money-laundering.
(This article was published on November 19, 2014)
Related

No  Disney is not opening a Disneyland in EgyptBy Adam Taylor November 19 Follow @mradamtaylor
A file picture taken on March 31, 2012 shows people visiting the Disneyland Paris park in Chessy, near Marne-La-Vallee, outside Paris. THOMAS SAMSON/AFP/Getty Images
Could some of that Disneyland magic be coming to Egypt? Egypt's investment minister seems to think so. "There are discussions going on between Disney International to build in Egypt its first Disney Park in the Middle East, similar to Disney France," Ashraf Salman said on Tuesday, according to the state-run news MENA agency .
Salman made his comments at a live Disney event at the Cairo International Convention Center, an occasion that he said sent a message about the country. "Having a Disney show in Egypt at the moment sends a message to the world and to foreign investors that Egypt is safe and stable," said Salman, a former banker who was appointed this summer.
The news about a possible Disney park in Egypt caused a flurry of excitement in the country, once a major tourism destination. Since the 2011 protests that eventually ousted President Hosni Mubarak, the country had seen a dramatic and persistent decline in the number of tourists picking Egypt as their destination: The Ministry of Tourism just  recently announced a 24.7 percent drop in tourism revenues for the first half of 2014.
Unfortunately, Disney have flat out denied any plans for a new park in Egypt. "At Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, we continually look for ways to grow our business and as part of that process, we have conversations with many different entities," a spokesperson for the company said in an e-mailed statement. "While Egypt is an attractive market, we have no plans for the region at this time."
While that's sad news for Egypt's Disney fans, there may be a silver lining here: The company that operates Disneyland Paris recently announced a $150 million loss for the past year, forcing parent company Walt Disney to step in with a new funding deal.
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

Spanish army chief makes dark comments about Catalonia secession bidBy Ishaan Tharoor November 19 Follow @ishaantharoor
Catalans hold independence flags (Estelada) on Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes during celebrations of Catalonia National Day (Diada) in Barcelona, Sept. 11, 2014, (QUIQUE GARCIA/AFP/Getty Images)
Spain's army chief has waded into the growing storm over Catalonia's secession bid from Madrid. Chief of the General Staff Jaime Domínguez Buj likened the current state of affairs in the country to Spain's losses more than a century ago during the Spanish-American War.
"When the metropolis is weak," Dominguez said , "the collapse happens."
By metropolis, he is using  a term popular among academics for the center of political and colonial power in an empire. When the conflict with the U.S. ended in 1898, Spain had lost its hold over Cuba, the Philippines, and Guam, some of its last prized imperial possessions. The defeat was a traumatic blow to Spanish prestige.
Dominguez went on, insisting his army "is prepared to intervene at home or abroad, to go to Afghanistan or Valencia" to uphold the Spanish Constitution. Valencia is a city and region along Spain's Mediterranean coast, south of Catalonia.
The army chief's comments have furrowed brows, with even a spokesman from the ruling Popular Party calling them "difficult to understand." Catalonia, a northeastern region with its own distinct language and identity, has never been a Spanish colony. Its secessionist movement has gained momentum in recent years, culminating in the region's attempt to stage a referendum on the question of independence earlier this month.
More than two million Catalonians voted in the plebiscite on Nov. 9 in what was a symbolic, non-binding poll that Madrid refused to recognize. The overwhelming majority opted for independence.
The Spanish government insists that the people in the region do not have a right to self-determination . It has also dismissed overtures from Catalan leader Artur Mas to have a constructive dialogue about figuring out a path by which Catalonia, home to one-fifth of the Spanish economy, can determine its own political destiny.
On Tuesday, Spain's state prosecutor even filed a suit  against Mas for helping stage the symbolic plebiscite.
The Spanish army, of course, has a troubled past in Catalonia. Under the dictatorship of military strongman Francisco Franco , the Catalan language was barred from schools, the use of Catalan names was prohibited, and local Catalan traditions were suppressed.
Times, of course, have changed greatly  since Franco's death and the advent of Spanish democracy. But the army chief's remarks likely won't help patch up the divide between Barcelona and Madrid.
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.

Ubers terrible  horrible  no good  very bad dayBy Andrea Peterson November 19 Follow @kansasalps
Uber's disastrous PR day made it onto the front pages of The Washington Post, USA Today and the New York Times. (Courtesy Newseum)
In the four years that it grew from a start-up to a company valued at $18 billion, car hailing service Uber's aggressive tactics have made the company a lot of enemies -- local regulators, taxi drivers and some journalists among them.
But no legal battle or protest caused the company as many public relations headaches as did a BuzzFeed report from this week that claimed that an Uber executive had floated the idea of hiring researchers to dig into the personal lives of journalists who had written critical articles about the company and that a general manager at Uber's New York  City office had accessed a reporter's travel data without permission.
The comments, reportedly made by senior vice president for business Emil Michael at a New York dinner attended by BuzzFeed editor-in-chief Ben Smith, ignited a powder keg of criticism about a company already perceived as cut-throat -- landing Uber on the front pages of The Washington Post, USA Today and the New York Times.
Sarah Lacy, the editor of Silicon Valley-based site PandoDaily who was reportedly singled out as a potential target for a research scheme, posted a scathing response to Michael's remarks. PandoDaily has been among Uber's harshest critics, with Lacy writing about her personal decision to delete the app and urging others to do so last month after reports of a promotion out of a French Uber office that promised attractive female drivers. Michael has since apologized to Lacy, and Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick called Michael's comments "terrible" in a series of Tweets on Tuesday.
The company insists Michael's comments did not reflect any program actually in place at Uber. But at least one company investor, actor Ashton Kutcher , tweeted his personal support for the scheme, implying that Lacy is a "shady" journalist.
Others were less than supportive of the company. Comedian John Hodgman publicly quit the service, announcing his decision to delete the app in a blog post . Some users who submitted requests for their accounts to be closed and the data associated with the accounts deleted were reportedly asked to reconsider with a message assuring them that the company did not and "will not" investigate journalists.
But the data privacy implications of an Uber employee accessing a journalist's ride data without her permission may loom larger over the company in the long term than Micheal's poorly thought-out dinner banter. It's data about users' locations, after all, that enables the company's service. But not all Uber customers may have thought through the implications of the highly personal data cache they have turned over to the company. Uber, however, is intimately aware -- in one 2012 blog post, the company boasted about being able to determine when likely overnight encounters occurred just by the timing and location of trips.
According to BuzzFeed , when reporter Johana Bhuiyan arrived at Uber's New York headquarters for an interview earlier this month, local general manager Josh Mohrer was waiting outside for her -- and gestured to his iPhone, telling Bhuiyan he was tracking her arrival. In an earlier e-mail exchange with the reporter, Mohrer e-mailed her logs of some of her own Uber trips. The reporter had not given him permission to access her travel data, BuzzFeed says.
The ride-hailing service says it is investigating the situation. In a blog post Tuesday, the company said employees could access rider data only for a "limited set of legitimate businesses purposes" and that violations of their data privacy policy would prompt disciplinary action "including the possibility of termination."
The greatest irony of Uber's awful PR week is that it was actually triggered by the company's attempt to get in the good graces of the media. Perhaps stinging from reports that the company had  ordered then canceled thousands of rides from competitor Lyft and that it was partnering with lenders to offer subprime vehicle loans to drivers, Uber has been on something of a charm offensive since hiring former Obama campaign strategist David Plouffe.
One tactic in this softer approach to media was hosting a series of background events with journalists. BuzzFeed's Smith was attending one such dinner as the guest of USA Today columnist Michael Wolff when the Uber esecutive suggested the company might investigate the personal lives of journalists -- but neither Wolff nor the hosts had apparently informed Smith of the off-the-record nature of the event.
In his own account of the evening, Wolff implied that Smith's motives in reporting the comments may have been skewed:
BuzzFeed itself — a financial play as much as Uber is — has key investors who are investors in Uber's main competitor, Lyft. Those investors are, too, investors in PandoDaily. Does this have any bearing at all on the cost of tea in China? I don't know. But I know that little in this world is what it seems.
Have more to say on this topic? Join us today for our weekly live chat, Switchback. We'll kick things off at 11 a.m. Eastern time. You can submit your questions now,  right here .
Andrea Peterson covers technology policy for The Washington Post, with an emphasis on cybersecurity, consumer privacy, transparency, surveillance and open government.

PRODUCT OF THE SYSTEMIf Pimco Were A Country, It Would Be The Most Unequal Place On The Planet
Posted:
reddit
The main force driving income inequality in America is the skyrocketing pay of not the 1 percent, but the 0.1 percent and the 0.01 percent. We just got a prime example of that.
Bill Gross and Mohamed El-Erian, former top executives at Pacific Investment Management Co., the nation's largest bond-fund manager, received $290 million and $230 million bonuses, respectively, in 2013, according to a report last week by Bloomberg View's Barry Ritholtz.
Massive pay for the financial elite has become so routine that individual salaries are rarely shocking any more. These were big enough to cut through the torpor. Gross and El-Erian alone made 17 percent of all the pay given to Pimco employees in 2013, according to Ritholtz's report, which was based on leaked internal documents. The top six employees at Pimco took home a quarter of the pay given to 2,462 employees.
Bill Gross has publicly decried rising income inequality, and yet even by financial-industry standards, pay at Pimco is very unequal . In fact, by our estimates, if the firm were its own country, it would be by far the most income-unequal country in the world. And on a smaller scale, if Pimco were a county, it would be the most unequal county in America. These are conservative estimates -- tweak them at all, and Pimco would look more unequal.
This is evidence of what researchers like Emmanuel Saez have been saying about income inequality: Even the merely wealthy are losing ground to the new income elite. That income elite is, like the top earners at Pimco , by and large a financial industry elite .
Pimco claimed that Ritholtz's report was wrong, but didn't offer any numbers of its own. The firm doesn't disclose its pay, so it's hard to know for sure exactly how unequal that pay really is. But it is possible to do a rough calculation of its pay distribution, based on what we think we know about pay at the very top and how much money is divided among the rest of the staff.
There's a full explanation of how I arrived at Pimco's income distribution at the bottom of the post. Suffice to say, for now, that this distribution is fairly typical of financial firms like Pimco, according to Raghavendra Rau , a finance professor at Cambridge University who studies executive pay.
Huge payouts at the top, combined with relatively flat pay at lower levels, give employees an "incredible incentive to get into the top" of the pay scale, Rau said in an interview with HuffPost. Such a pay scheme also gives employees at the top a "huge incentive to stay at the top. It’s a matter of getting these guys to work really hard."
With everyone working incredibly hard to move up or maintain their place at the top, Rau said, “it becomes a treadmill... everyone is working their butts off to stay in the same place.”
Pimco did not respond to The Huffington Post's request for comment. Janus, Bill Gross' current employer, declined to comment. Gross could not immediately be reached for personal comment. Mohamed El-Erian and Allianz, his current employer, did not respond to The Huffington Post's requests for comment.
According to my calculations, and using the most conservative assumptions possible about Pimco's pay, the company's "Gini coefficient" -- a way of measuring and comparing inequality, where 1 represents complete inequality and 0 complete equality -- is an exorbitantly high 0.769. By way of comparison, one of the world's least-equal economies, South Africa, has a Gini coefficient of 0.631, according to the World Bank. The Gini coefficient for the U.S., based on the latest U.S. Census American Community Survey, is 0.476. New York County -- a.k.a. Manhattan -- is tied for the highest county-level Gini in the U.S. at just over 0.6 .
Here’s the chart that helps put this in perspective. It’s called a Lorenz curve. It shows what percentage of a population gobbles up what percentage of total income. In a world of perfect equality, it would show a straight line from the lower left-hand corner to the upper right-hand corner. In the real world, where inequality exists, it bows down and to the right and then spikes up at the end, representing how earners at the very top take up much of the income. The chart below compares perfect equality to inequality in the U.S. and at Pimco:
As you can see, the pay distribution is seriously warped at Pimco. 70 percent of Pimco employees make just 5.7 percent of the total income, while 0.3 percent of the employees – six people – take home a quarter of all the pay.
Because the Lorenz curve might be kind of confusing for the uninitiated, here’s the same data in pie charts:
(The percentages correspond to the portion of the population; the size of the slices shows how much income they receive)
In the United States -- where income inequality is relatively high compared to other developed economies -- the top 20 percent take home about half the income. At Pimco, based on Ritholtz's reporting on the size of the bonus pool for the top 60 employees, the top 3 percent take home at least half the income.
A hedge-fund executive once said of Goldman Sachs : “The amazing thing about Goldman... is not that a few talented people make $20 million -- it’s all the mediocre talents that make over $1 million.”
The amazing thing about Pimco is that some talented people make $20 million, while once-extraordinary talents that have recently had mediocre results can make $290 million.
___________________________________________________________
*Some explanation and caveats about the distribution of income at Pimco:
The figure on bonuses for the top six employees comes from Ritholtz’s reporting. Ritholtz also reported that the total bonus pool for Pimco’s top 60 employees (known as managing directors), including the six whose bonuses he specified, was $1.5 billion. Senior employees in the finance industry receive an insignificant salary relative to the size of their bonuses. Adding details of these top earners' salaries would likely have almost no impact on the calculations. If anything, adding salaries would likely make inequality slightly higher.
I made the conservative assumption that the remaining portion of that $1.5 billion was equally split among the remaining 54 managing directors. That’s $14.7 million per MD. It's not unreasonable to assume that large swaths of Pimco's most senior employees are awarded almost equal bonuses, according to Cambridge's Raghavendra Rau.
To estimate the salaries for the remaining employees, I assumed that the rest of the $3 billion in revenue that Pimco withholds from its parent company, Allianz, is used to pay the rest of its employees. This is another conservative assumption: If Pimco paid less than $3 billion to employees, inequality would be worse than my calculations indicate.
Pimco has 2,462 employees . 758 of them are investment professionals, including 60 managing directors. For the 1,704 support staff, I followed Felix Salmon’s assumption that they make $100,000 each . Some, of course, make more and some less, but this is a very generous average income. And averaging it this way understates inequality at Pimco.
For the 698 non-managing-director investment professionals, I assumed they equally split what was left of the pay pool after the MDs got their $1.5 billion, and the support staff got their $100,000 each. That works out to $1.9 million per person.
To be clear, changing these assumptions would change the picture of inequality at Pimco -- but changing these assumptions would likely make that picture look even worse.
(h/t to Felix Salmon for suggesting calculating Pimco’s Gini coefficient. And huge, huge thanks to Guan Yang and Thomas Hauner , PhD students at NYU in finance and The Graduate Center at CUNY in economics, respectively, for reviewing my calculations and suggesting smart refinements.)
More:

If This Firm Were A Country  It Would Be The Most Unequal Place On The PlanetIf Pimco Were A Country, It Would Be The Most Unequal Place On The Planet
Posted:
reddit
The main force driving income inequality in America is the skyrocketing pay of not the 1 percent, but the 0.1 percent and the 0.01 percent. We just got a prime example of that.
Bill Gross and Mohamed El-Erian, former top executives at Pacific Investment Management Co., the nation's largest bond-fund manager, received $290 million and $230 million bonuses, respectively, in 2013, according to a report last week by Bloomberg View's Barry Ritholtz.
Massive pay for the financial elite has become so routine that individual salaries are rarely shocking any more. These were big enough to cut through the torpor. Gross and El-Erian alone made 17 percent of all the pay given to Pimco employees in 2013, according to Ritholtz's report, which was based on leaked internal documents. The top six employees at Pimco took home a quarter of the pay given to 2,462 employees.
Bill Gross has publicly decried rising income inequality, and yet even by financial-industry standards, pay at Pimco is very unequal . In fact, by our estimates, if the firm were its own country, it would be by far the most income-unequal country in the world. And on a smaller scale, if Pimco were a county, it would be the most unequal county in America. These are conservative estimates -- tweak them at all, and Pimco would look more unequal.
This is evidence of what researchers like Emmanuel Saez have been saying about income inequality: Even the merely wealthy are losing ground to the new income elite. That income elite is, like the top earners at Pimco , by and large a financial industry elite .
Pimco claimed that Ritholtz's report was wrong, but didn't offer any numbers of its own. The firm doesn't disclose its pay, so it's hard to know for sure exactly how unequal that pay really is. But it is possible to do a rough calculation of its pay distribution, based on what we think we know about pay at the very top and how much money is divided among the rest of the staff.
There's a full explanation of how I arrived at Pimco's income distribution at the bottom of the post. Suffice to say, for now, that this distribution is fairly typical of financial firms like Pimco, according to Raghavendra Rau , a finance professor at Cambridge University who studies executive pay.
Huge payouts at the top, combined with relatively flat pay at lower levels, give employees an "incredible incentive to get into the top" of the pay scale, Rau said in an interview with HuffPost. Such a pay scheme also gives employees at the top a "huge incentive to stay at the top. It’s a matter of getting these guys to work really hard."
With everyone working incredibly hard to move up or maintain their place at the top, Rau said, “it becomes a treadmill... everyone is working their butts off to stay in the same place.”
Pimco did not respond to The Huffington Post's request for comment. Janus, Bill Gross' current employer, declined to comment. Gross could not immediately be reached for personal comment. Mohamed El-Erian and Allianz, his current employer, did not respond to The Huffington Post's requests for comment.
According to my calculations, and using the most conservative assumptions possible about Pimco's pay, the company's "Gini coefficient" -- a way of measuring and comparing inequality, where 1 represents complete inequality and 0 complete equality -- is an exorbitantly high 0.769. By way of comparison, one of the world's least-equal economies, South Africa, has a Gini coefficient of 0.631, according to the World Bank. The Gini coefficient for the U.S., based on the latest U.S. Census American Community Survey, is 0.476. New York County -- a.k.a. Manhattan -- is tied for the highest county-level Gini in the U.S. at just over 0.6 .
Here’s the chart that helps put this in perspective. It’s called a Lorenz curve. It shows what percentage of a population gobbles up what percentage of total income. In a world of perfect equality, it would show a straight line from the lower left-hand corner to the upper right-hand corner. In the real world, where inequality exists, it bows down and to the right and then spikes up at the end, representing how earners at the very top take up much of the income. The chart below compares perfect equality to inequality in the U.S. and at Pimco:
As you can see, the pay distribution is seriously warped at Pimco. 70 percent of Pimco employees make just 5.7 percent of the total income, while 0.3 percent of the employees – six people – take home a quarter of all the pay.
Because the Lorenz curve might be kind of confusing for the uninitiated, here’s the same data in pie charts:
(The percentages correspond to the portion of the population; the size of the slices shows how much income they receive)
In the United States -- where income inequality is relatively high compared to other developed economies -- the top 20 percent take home about half the income. At Pimco, based on Ritholtz's reporting on the size of the bonus pool for the top 60 employees, the top 3 percent take home at least half the income.
A hedge-fund executive once said of Goldman Sachs : “The amazing thing about Goldman... is not that a few talented people make $20 million -- it’s all the mediocre talents that make over $1 million.”
The amazing thing about Pimco is that some talented people make $20 million, while once-extraordinary talents that have recently had mediocre results can make $290 million.
___________________________________________________________
*Some explanation and caveats about the distribution of income at Pimco:
The figure on bonuses for the top six employees comes from Ritholtz’s reporting. Ritholtz also reported that the total bonus pool for Pimco’s top 60 employees (known as managing directors), including the six whose bonuses he specified, was $1.5 billion. Senior employees in the finance industry receive an insignificant salary relative to the size of their bonuses. Adding details of these top earners' salaries would likely have almost no impact on the calculations. If anything, adding salaries would likely make inequality slightly higher.
I made the conservative assumption that the remaining portion of that $1.5 billion was equally split among the remaining 54 managing directors. That’s $14.7 million per MD. It's not unreasonable to assume that large swaths of Pimco's most senior employees are awarded almost equal bonuses, according to Cambridge's Raghavendra Rau.
To estimate the salaries for the remaining employees, I assumed that the rest of the $3 billion in revenue that Pimco withholds from its parent company, Allianz, is used to pay the rest of its employees. This is another conservative assumption: If Pimco paid less than $3 billion to employees, inequality would be worse than my calculations indicate.
Pimco has 2,462 employees . 758 of them are investment professionals, including 60 managing directors. For the 1,704 support staff, I followed Felix Salmon’s assumption that they make $100,000 each . Some, of course, make more and some less, but this is a very generous average income. And averaging it this way understates inequality at Pimco.
For the 698 non-managing-director investment professionals, I assumed they equally split what was left of the pay pool after the MDs got their $1.5 billion, and the support staff got their $100,000 each. That works out to $1.9 million per person.
To be clear, changing these assumptions would change the picture of inequality at Pimco -- but changing these assumptions would likely make that picture look even worse.
(h/t to Felix Salmon for suggesting calculating Pimco’s Gini coefficient. And huge, huge thanks to Guan Yang and Thomas Hauner , PhD students at NYU in finance and The Graduate Center at CUNY in economics, respectively, for reviewing my calculations and suggesting smart refinements.)
More:

A Weak Demand for Super Bowl Adsreddit
Advertisers are not snapping up time on the 2015 Super Bowl.
Last week NBC reported that it had sold less than 90 percent of the advertising time. Seth Winter, executive vice president for sales of the NBC Sports told Stuart Elliott from the New York Times that sales had "a little slower pacing than previous years."
This is a bigger issue than it might seem for NBC.
On the surface, having a few spots left over in late November doesn't seem like a big concern. The game is more than two months away; that is plenty of time to sell a bit of advertising time.
For a typical show, this would indeed be the case. The problem is that the Super Bowl isn't a typical show.
The first issue is that people expect to see new and exciting ads. Many people -- some studies suggest most people -- watch the Super Bowl primarily to see the advertising. As a result, if a brand doesn't have a new ad and dynamic spot it can disappoint people. During the Super Bowl, people don't want to see the same AT&T spot they've been watching for weeks; they want to see something new.
It takes time to develop great creative. Companies generally don't have brilliant ads sitting around the office. To develop a new piece of creative, a company has to write a creative brief, work with an agency to generate creative ideas, select a concept, shoot the ad and edit it. If the company has any sense it will also test the ad with consumers and make revisions.
This all takes time. You can't create a great Super Bowl ad in a couple weeks.
The second problem is that the Super Bowl isn't just about advertising. Companies hoping to get the most from a Super Bowl spot need to create integrated campaigns including a PR effort, a social media campaign and customer promotions. There should also be an internal marketing program to engage employees.
This means that a Super Bowl advertiser will likely need to work with several different agencies. While some firms claim to do everything, this is rarely the case. PR is best done by a PR firm, and social media is best led by firm that specializes in that.
This is all complicated. It takes time.
Finally, for advertisers, the Super Bowl isn't really an event in February. It is a month-long season that begins on January 1. Most advertisers this year will use the weeks leading up to the game to generate excitement. They will talk with reporters in a bid to get some news coverage, release teaser spots and try to generate discussions on social media.
All of this means that buying time on the Super Bowl isn't a quick decision. Marketers don't (and shouldn't) decide to run a spot at the last minute, unless they can get the time at a dramatically discounted price.
NBC's Seth Winter told Stuart Elliott that he is "very satisfied" with the pace of sales. For someone in sales, with an interest in putting a positive spin on things, this is a modest assessment.
The team at NBC knows advertisers don't buy a Super Bowl spot at the last minute and must be very concerned about demand this year.
Follow Tim Calkins on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TimothyCalkins
More:

The Importance of On-The-Job Learning for Womenreddit
How much time do you spend learning on the job? If we look to the standard "70:20:10 ratio," we might think that we spend a lot more time engaging in on-the-job development opportunities than we actually do.
A new report from DDI and The Conference Board called Global Leadership Forecast 2014/2015 gives us the breakdown of actual time spent on formal learning and learning from others versus on-the-job learning. It turns out that 70:20:10 (which represents on-the-job learning, learning from others, and learning from formal development, respectively) doesn't mirror the way leaders are really learning after all. In a study of more than 13,000 leaders at all levels, the actual ratio of 55:25:20 places a higher emphasis on formal learning and learning from others--while deemphasizing on-the-job learning--when compared to the old model.
The study next examined what ratio reflects the companies with the highest-quality leadership development practices. The resulting data--52:27:21--closely matches how leaders actually spend their time. Researchers also asked leaders how much time they currently spend on leadership development, compared with the amount of time they would like to spend. They discovered that leaders spend significantly less time on leadership development (5.4 hours/month) than they would ideally prefer to spend (8.1 hours/month).
Finally, when questioned about how much more time they would like to spend in each type of learning, leaders answered that they want 76 percent more time for formal learning, 71 percent more time for learning from others, and 26 percent more time for on-the-job learning.
This research suggests a couple of take-home points:
First, the 70:20:10 model misrepresents how leaders actually spend their time. It also isn't accurate when compared with the highest-performing organizations in terms of leadership development, or with the preferences of many leaders.
Second, relying on a ratio--even an accurate one--places greater emphasis on the separation of learning methods. A more effective approach is to work toward their integration. In its ideal form, learning is an amalgamation or hybrid of formal development programs, executive coaching, mentoring, and on-the-job assessment. DDI notes that when learning methods compete against each other, it undermines their impact and value. It's only through integration that the methods can effectively build on one another.
Third, organizations should be held accountable for creating this educational blend for employees, with a special emphasis on offering learning opportunities for women. Many organizations have failed to reinforce the importance of each type of learning--particularly on-the-job learning. For women's leadership development, this is key, as like men they need ample opportunities to gain field, operations, and P&L experience.
Fourth, as part of their on-the-job learning experience, women need to actively seek out these key roles, and then leverage their unique strengths to excel at them.
The report concludes that while learning from others and experiential learning contribute to the ideal blend, spending more time on formal learning opportunities can help to build foundational leadership competencies. Yet on-the-job learning is crucial to help women rise off of the Sticky Floor (See SHAMBAUGH's targeted development programs for women leaders: Customized In House Programs and WILL ). The best benefit for all comes when formal learning is designed as one component of the overall learning mix. This establishes a solid framework and foundation for on-the-job learning, enabling job experiences to be leveraged into sustainable advancement and change.
To find out more about SHAMBAUGH's targeted leadership development programs, executive coaching and other core services, visit www.shambaughleadership.com .
Follow Rebecca Shambaugh on Twitter: www.twitter.com/beckyshambaugh
More:

A Dem Who Can Explain That Fairness Is Prosperity Will Sweep in 2016reddit
The familiar debate within the Democratic Party -- move left or right -- is on . In a memo to a "limited number of Democratic leaders," Third Way, the leading organization for corporate Democrats, lays down the gauntlet: "Democrats are offering economic fairness, but voters want economic growth and prosperity." And for good measure, Third Way declares, "And it has to be meaningful; Democrats can't simply stick a 'growth' label on the old bottle of 'fairness' policies."
The folks at Third Way are right about one thing; voters do want economic growth and prosperity. Where they are wrong is in their assumption that fairness can't be a part of that growth. The policies that do the most to bolster fairness are in fact the most powerful policies to move the economy forward and create broadly shared prosperity.
Progressives and Democrats don't always make that clear. Most of the time they talk about fairness as separate from broadly-shared prosperity. The Democrat who bases his or her campaign on that crucial link will sweep into the presidency in 2016.
Policies that increase fairness are key to driving the economy forward.
Raising the minimum wage is not just about basic fairness for low-wage workers. Raising wages is about creating economy-boosting jobs, not economy-busting jobs. When wages are raised, workers have more money to spend, essential when 70 percent of the economy is made up of consumer spending.
An economy-boosting job pays enough to cover the basics, which is why the fight for a $15 per hour minimum wage mobilizes people to action. It is about working at that wage for enough hours, with predictable schedules, so that the wages add up to a decent paycheck. It is about getting paid when you are out sick and having paid family leave, so you can care for and support your family. It is about women getting paid as much as men. It is about being able to afford your health care, so you have money to spend on other essentials and don't end up bankrupt because of a high-cost illness. It is about increasing Social Security benefits and bolstering retirement savings, so you can keep supporting yourself and keep the economy moving well into your retirement.
These measures reward people fairly for work and are essential to rebuilding the middle class engine of the economy, as shown by the evidence collected in the Center for American Progress's middle-out economics project .
The flip side of creating economy-boosting jobs is reversing the soaring concentration of wealth. It's not just unfair that the rich are grabbing more and more of the wealth we all create, it's a big reason that the economy remains sluggish. When the top 1 percent capture virtually all of the economic progress, it's impossible for them to spend much of it. When corporations sit on trillions of dollars of cash because there aren't markets for their goods, that money doesn't go to higher wages or investment in creating jobs or other things that would boost productivity throughout the economy.
Even Wall Street is beginning to get it. In a report that is stunning only for its source, Standard & Poor's found this summer that "Our review of the data, as well as a wealth of research on this matter, leads us to conclude that the current level of income inequality in the U.S. is dampening GDP growth, at a time when the world's biggest economy is struggling to recover from the Great Recession and the government is in need of funds to support an aging population."
A big goal of Third Way's memo is to justify policies that they admit "may not be the most politically popular." While some of the Third Way proposals are worthwhile, like millions of teachers for pre-K, much of their agenda is that of corporate America and in some cases would actually be bad for the economic growth they claim to seek.
Using coded language in an attempt to dilute the political poison, Third Way pushes for cutting Social Security benefits, lowering corporate tax rates rather than stopping corporate tax evasion, and agreeing to new trade deals which would drive the race to the bottom and allow corporations to challenge environmental and health and safety laws, instead of bolstering American workers' already hard-pressed incomes.
Instead, what the country needs and what Democrats should push are bold policies which drive the economy forward and create broadly shared prosperity: fairness.
We can start by putting Americans to work with a massive investment in core productive infrastructure in three areas: transportation, from roads and bridges to high speed rail; clean, renewable energy, which will simultaneously tackle climate disruption; and high-speed Internet for every home and business in America. Everyone who does this work should be paid enough, with good benefits, to support and care for their families, and be given the flexibility needed to care for those families.  In doing so, we doubly boost the economy: through the investment in infrastructure and through the good jobs.
It is both fair and essential for our economic future to ensure that every child has a quality education and the opportunity to succeed in school, career, and life. We need to modernize and replace dilapidated schools and assure that every child has a well-prepared and supported teacher in a small enough class to learn. We need to transform schools, particularly those that teach children in low-income neighborhoods, into community centers. We should make high-quality child care and pre-K universal, employing millions more providers and teachers.
We need to provide career training for the high-skilled jobs that don't require traditional college. We need to make college affordable, by dramatically lowering the cost of public colleges and universities, providing much more tuition assistance, and tying the payment of student loans to earnings.
And as in infrastructure, all these jobs -- from day-care providers to teachers to college professors (no more adjuncts) -- should be good jobs, with good pay, benefits, and the flexibility to care and support families.
The only reason that Democrats would consider an agenda that Third Way admits is politically unpopular is to please corporate campaign donors and elites. But with President Obama pushing for new trade deals, advocating revenue-neutral corporate tax reform and having supported cuts in Social Security benefits, that agenda is as alive as the billions in campaign contributions that pour into both political parties.
Americans are right about two things. One, the system is rigged to favor the wealthy and powerful. Two, unless we change course, the future will not be better for our children. Those are the core reasons we saw historically low voter turn out this month and why minimum wage hikes passed at the same time voters decided to give Republicans their turn in the continuing roller-coaster of Congressional control over the past decade.
The Democrat who champions bold policies to build an America that works for all of us, not just the wealthy, and policies that create broadly shared, sustainable prosperity, will triumph in 2016.
The key, as Franklin Delano Roosevelt did (and as great organizers do), is to tap into anger and lift up hope. FDR railed against the "economic royalists" and experimented with bold policies that reigned in financial speculation and put Americans to work building the foundations for the 20th Century economy. 
The next FDR will name the villains who are rigging the system: Wall Street speculators and corporations that cut wages and benefits and ship jobs overseas. The next FDR will reveal the truth that "we all do better when we all do better." That when we all earn enough to care and support our families, when we can shop in our neighborhoods, give our kids a great education, afford our health care, retire with security, we drive the economy forward.
Mamby-pamby won't cut it. Americans are crying for bold leadership, a way out of a narrowing world towards a better world for our children.
The Democrat who leads a political party that stands up against the rich and powerful and stands up for working families and the middle class, who declares that Americans have done this before and that together we can do it again, will triumph in 2016. A Democratic party that relentlessly presses that agenda into action will meet the great challenge of our time. 
Originally published on Next New Deal .
More:

Sushi plant will open in South ElginFuji Food Products will expand its reach into the Midwest with the opening of the 40,000-square-foot plant in the suburb. It will be the company's third facility that handles the national distribution of organic single-serve and family-size prepared meals.
Fuji's customers also include SuperValu, Safeway, Meijer and 7-Eleven, according to a spokeswoman.

Innovation and Disruptive Necessityreddit
Is the world getting smaller, or are we seeing further?
Today we stand on the shoulders of giants in a rapidly changing world. In order to gain the competitive edge needed to stay relevant, it is imperative that businesses seek to disrupt their own business model before the competition does. Innovate or die, the adage goes.
Disruptive innovations create new markets by applying values that ultimately, and unexpectedly overtake existing markets. "The theory holds that established companies, acting rationally and carefully to stay on top, leave themselves vulnerable to upstarts who find ways to do things more cheaply, often with a new technology," says Drake Bennett ,staff writer for Bloomberg Businessweek.
Businesses we thought "too big to fail" are now gone; victims of their own inability to adapt to the changing landscape that not only requires innovation, but requires the process of innovation to be sustainable and repeatable. And while some may argue that disruptive innovation is a competitive strategy for an "age seized by terror", I would say disruptive innovation is an argument against complacency, made more relevant by a landscape transformed by technology. Technology isn't just changing the way in which we do things -- it is changing us.
Enter Generation Flux.
Coined by innovative thought-leader Fast Company , Gen Flux refers to the people who are adapting to disruption, embracing it, and succeeding. Unlike Generation X and Generation Y, Generation Flux refers to a psychographic profile and not a demographic one. Flux is a generation that is not defined by age, race, or location. According to FC, "what defines GenFlux is a mind-set that embraces instability, that tolerates -- and even enjoys -- re-calibrating careers, business models, and assumptions." The most important skill to have, is the ability to acquire new skills.
It requires people that do not fear change -- because without risk, there can be no innovation. Risk requires an investment in people, time, and capital. It commands a willingness to invest without ROI assurance.
One company often finding itself at the front of the pack in terms of innovation is Nike. One of their recent inventions is the Flyknit Racer, a feather-light knitted shoe that required Nike to re-invent their entire manufacturing process. It required bringing together teams of programmers, engineers and designers to create the technology behind the shoe. When asked about the ideas that fuel the machine, Nike CEO Mark Parker puts it aptly, "companies fall apart when their model is so successful that it stifles thinking that challenges it."
That dear reader, is the mark of Generation Flux.
Follow Robert F. Brands on Twitter: www.twitter.com/innovationrules
More:

Give Americans a $2 000 Check From  Deferred  Corporate Taxesreddit
U.S. multinational corporations are hoarding an estimated $2 trillion "offshore" to take advantage of a loophole in our tax laws. At our 35 percent top federal corporate tax rate, that represents up to $700 billion in taxes owed but "deferred" because they are "offshore." This is not imaginary or future money; it is taxes owed on $2 trillion of profits these companies have already made. Who should get this money?
A loophole in the corporate tax code allows companies to "defer" paying taxes on profits made outside of the U.S. until they "repatriate" it -- bring the money back to the U.S. Because of this loophole corporations are holding an estimated $2 trillion of profits "offshore." Companies are increasingly moving jobs, production and profit centers out of the country to take advantage of this scheme -- or are engaging in schemes to make it look like they are. (The amount is increasing 11.8 percent a year and the rate of increase is increasing as well.)
That $700 billion is serious money. Washington lobbyists are working with Congress to come up with various corporate tax "reform" schemes designed to let the corporations off the hook for much of this tax bill -- and to lower their future tax bills as well.
The most popular "centrist" idea is to let the corporations just keep much or most of the tax money they owe, if only they would just let us use some of it to maintain our country's infrastructure. Going along with this would reward these companies for engaging in schemes to "offshore" jobs, production and profit centers, thereby moving (or making it appear that they moved) these profits out of the country -- and certainly would encourage doing even more of this from now on.
Send a $2,000 Check to Every Adult -- AND Fix Our Infrastructure
Instead of letting these companies off the hook for this tax bill, here is an alternative idea: Let's collect the taxes that are due on these profits that have already been made, send every adult in the U.S. a check for $2,000, and use what's left over to fix up our infrastructure.
This is real money, and a lot of it.  Instead of making a "deal" on deferment and letting the corporations just keep this money they owe us, let's fix this loophole and give most of this tax money to the 242 million U.S. residents over 18 as a $2,000 check. What's left over (and there might be a lot -- as much as $215 billion) can be used to fix our infrastructure and other priorities like research and development, fighting Ebola and other diseases, forgiving student debt -- you name it.
This is about who gets the money. Do we give the tax money that is already owed to We the People, or do we let the giant corporations just keep it? By making this about a $2,000 check directly to every adult, it becomes personal. It becomes an issue of real money in people's pockets, not some distant sum that "government" uses for their own good but that people never really feel or touch. Sending people a $2,000 check turns this battle over this money into a personal fight, not just some nebulous, distant, complicated government policy issue.
Who Should Get the Money?
By the way, when we talk about "corporate" money and corporate tax cuts, this is what -- more accurately "who" -- we are really talking about:
The top 1 percent own 50.9 percent of all stocks, bonds, and mutual fund assets. The top 10 percent own 90.3 percent. The bottom half of all of us own 0.5 percent -- one-half of one percent. That was 2007 -- the top few have only increased their ownership percentages since.
This is about who gets the money. There is up to $700 billion in taxes due and someone is going to get that money. By making this about a $2,000 check to each adult American vs. billions to the owners of the giant corporations, we're making the "who gets the money" argument personal instead of abstract.
Effect On Economy
What happens to our economy if every adult gets a $2,000 check? How much hiring happens in local stores, etc?
What happens to our economy with up to $215 billion going into infrastructure work, with the related hiring and purchases of supplies?
What happens to our economy if companies lose the incentive to move jobs, production and profit centers offshore to take advantage of this loophole?
But wait, there's more. There's also that other $1.3 trillion -- the "after tax" part that is offshore, too. If we do something about this deferment scam companies would lose the incentive to move jobs, production and profit centers out of the country to make it look like their profits are made elsewhere, and would "bring that money back." The money would either be invested in the corporation or distributed to shareholders. This would be a big stimulus to the economy either way.
The Numbers
There's as much as $2 trillion (maybe more) sitting offshore representing up to $700 billion in taxes owed at the top tax rate of 35 percent. (Taxes already paid to other countries are subtracted from what is owed here. This is why the tax bill is "up to" $700 billion. State taxes are also due on these profits, this article concerns itself with the federal share.)
According to the Census Bureau's QuickFacts there were 316,128,839 Americans in 2013, 23.3 percent of them under 18, leaving 242,470,819 adults.
Sending a $2,000 check to 242.5 million adults costs about $485 billion. Up to $700 billion owed minus $485 billion leaves up to $215 billion for infrastructure and other priorities.
Summary
It's a great way to accomplish several things that are good for the country:
1) Get cash to people right now. Helicoptered in, $700 billion would make a very big difference that people would feel now and the economy would feel for a while.
2) A $2,000 check shows people how corporate tax breaks are seriously costing them.
3) This puts pressure on "corporate tax reform" deals that reward the corporations by letting them keep any of it.
5) The best part is these companies already owe the money. This is about who gets the money that is owed to We the People. It makes the "We the People" part personal.
The awareness "making this personal" would bring to the issue would lend public support to other efforts to get companies to pay their taxes.
----

2015 forecasts: Google to buy Netflix30
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Atul Gawande on medicineAtul Gawande’s Reith lectures on the future of medicine
By Clive Cookson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/64059c14-6f36-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fed minutes show easy decision to end QEFederal Reserve minutes show easy decision to end QE
Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b87c67b4-7017-11e4-bc6a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Peak Trade and Chinas role in 5 chartsSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Blur shares fall on profit warningBlur Group shares fall on third profit warning
Sally Davies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2ca98784-6fe1-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uber seeks boost from Washington recruitsUber seeks policy help from Washington recruits
Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/faa620c2-6f6c-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uber should not run down the messengerUber should not run down the messenger
John Gapper
It is perverse to be angry that others are upset with you if you pride yourself on annoying them
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/156d909c-6f23-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What goes up comes down  even ChinaWhat goes up must come down – even China
David Pilling
Regression to mean could spell trouble for Asian powerhouses
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/be1f0e14-6f05-11e4-b060-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The truth about UK living standardsThe truth about UK living standards since the crisis
Chris Giles
Real wages are significantly lower, and younger workers are suffering
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/29d2ccd2-6f23-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan: Mirai  Mirai on the wall© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/236c85ea-6fd7-11e4-a0c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Startups: Uber and out© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/995e7d96-6f8f-11e4-b50f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Takata: mission control© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/c7fe32e4-6fc2-11e4-a0c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Media critic Jack Shafer leaves ReutersBy Erik Wemple November 19 Follow @ErikWemple
Media critic Jack Shafer is leaving his job at Reuters, he announced Wednesday evening.
Many thanks to all @Reuters for 3-plus heavenly years. As Stanley Kubrick once said, “The only problem is, what to do next.”
— Jack Shafer (@jackshafer) November 19, 2014
The announcement appears to be among the final gasps of a Web strategy that started a few years back with great optimism. In April 2011, Reuters exec Chrystia Freeland was named editor of Reuters Digital and proceeded to stock the outlet with big-name opinionators. In addition to Shafer, there was David Rohde, David Cay Johnston (both previously with the New York Times) and Larry Summers — an aggressive expansion well documented in this BuzzFeed piece .
Freeland left Reuters in mid-2013 to run for a seat in the Canadian Parliament. At the time of her departure, she was managing director and editor for consumer news and the champion of a pricey and troubled project — “Reuters Next” — to launch the news service into the 21st century with a fancy, consumer-oriented Web site. In September 2013, Reuters CEO Andrew Rashbass killed Reuters Next on the rationale that it “is a long way from achieving either commercial viability or strategic success. In fact, I believe the existing suite of Reuters.com sites is a better starting point for where we need to go.”
The abandonment of Reuters Next brought about a great number of departures from Reuters and raised questions about where the organization is headed digitally. Thomson Reuters bills itself as the “world’s largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms.” Despite all its scoops on business and finance, it has had trouble figuring out how to adapt key business products — subscriptions and financial information terminals — to the digital age.
So Shafer’s departure ends something of an oddball marriage. His columns, stocked with historical references, occasionally sharp-edged and particularly authoritative on topics ranging from plagiarism to media moguls, didn’t quite fit with the feel of a wire service. (He is a friend of the Erik Wemple Blog). He came to Reuters from Slate and will hopefully find a platform on a similarly oriented site.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Target reports sales growth ahead of holiday seasonBy Sarah Halzack November 19 Follow @sarahhalzack
Shoppers hit the check-out lines at a Super Target in Dallas. (AP Photo/Dallas Morning News, Stan Olszewski)
The past year has been a choppy one for big-box retailer Target. Last Christmas season dealt a major sales blow after the retailer was hit by a massive data breach. In the early part of 2014, sales continued to slump as Target worked to regain shoppers’ trust and grappled with challenges facing the broader retail industry: Consumers are still cautious about their spending, and promotional prices seem to be the only thing that gets them to open their wallets.
But Target’s third-quarter earnings, announced Wednesday , showed the company has made significant strides in turning around its business, giving it momentum going into this year’s holiday shopping season.
Target said sales at stores open more than a year increased 1.2 percent, an uptick that beat the company’s own forecast of flat to 1 percent sales growth. Its profit rose 3.1 percent to $352 million.
The Minneapolis-based retailer said that lower gas prices likely encouraged consumers to spend more this quarter, though chief financial officer John Mulligan said during a conference call that Target couldn’t make a direct correlation between its own sales improvement and lower prices at the pump. Target also said it was able to pull back significantly on the heavy discounts and promotions it had been offering earlier in the year, perhaps a sign that consumers’ fatter wallets were making them somewhat less price-sensitive.
Target said that event-based shopping for back-to-school and Halloween were crucial to sales growth this past quarter.  The retailer’s chief rival, Wal-Mart, also pointed to those events as a tailwind in the most recent quarter.
As for last year’s data breach, Target said it is finally in the rearview mirror. The company has absorbed what it believes are the “vast majority” of financial charges related to the breach, Mulligan said, and customer surveys show that shoppers have largely returned to the stores.
“We feel like we’ve really moved past the breach, and our guests moved past it more quickly than, frankly, some of those who write about us,” Mulligan said.
While Black Friday is just around the corner, Target and plenty of other retailers have already started pitching promotions and deals to get shoppers in the Christmas spirit.  Last month, Target began offering free shipping on all holiday-season purchases , a policy typically reserved for purchases over $50.  The company said Wednesday that it has seen a “significant increase” in online orders since the shipping announcement.
Target’s stock shot up nearly eight percent in Wednesday morning trading.
Despite the encouraging signs in the third quarter’s earnings report, the retailer still has plenty of ground to make up as it aims to heal its business.  Although sales improved in the quarter, foot traffic was down 0.4 percent in Target’s U.S. stores.  And the company’s has acknowledged its expansion into Canada remains troubled.  Customers there have been disappointed by a narrow assortment of merchandise and frequent issues with items being out of stock.
This was Target’s first quarter under the leadership of chief executive Brian Cornell, a former Pepsi executive who replaced Gregg Steinhafel in August.  In a call with investors Wednesday, Cornell outlined some of his plans for strengthening the company, including sharpening Target’s focus on its “signature categories”– baby, kids, wellness and style.   The company will put a higher share of its marketing and product development muscle behind these departments, Cornell said.
Cornell stressed this was not an indication that Target is giving up on categories such as groceries, but, he said, “we’ll have different expectations in those categories.”
Target also expects to implement more customization and localization to each individual store, instead of keeping a homogeneous look across the country.
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

A Financial Services Marketing Girl s Guide To Surviving A Compliance Conferencereddit
My readers know that I am continually surprised, shocked, and amused by the true-life stories that I witness every day. Colleagues and clients provide the fodder, which is enough for an ever-changing backdrop.  Sometimes, I think I should just write "Wall Street - The Musical," or create a concept for reality TV but, until then, I will just use my guest post here on HuffPost.
Frequently, I am an invited speaker at a wide variety of financial services conferences.  While interesting, it keeps me fresh and close to many advisors and firms, funds and fin tech vendors.  But, one day a couple of months ago, I received an invitation to speak on a panel at a conference that I had never been to before. A Compliance conference = ugh.  The presentations are enough to scare the bejesus out of anyone. Was I the sideshow?  Would anyone listen? Would anyone attend?  Remember that I have been doing this for 6 years now--a proverbial founding mother in the social media space in financial services. I have faced down many a compliance officer in my day- and won.  It's about the rules, they decree, and it's about protecting investors, I respond.  My "I Have A Dream - That Wall St And Social Media Become Facebook Friends " has been coming about slowly - very slowly.  Where other industries have run with social, digital sound bytes, and community, the very industry that needs it most - to create more authenticity and transparency while improving its PR reputation - has been dragging its feet to embrace what the rest of the business world already knows. It's targeted marketing, it's thought leadership, it's technology expertise, and it's the best way to hyperlocalize a big global brand.  Even the SEC and FINRA are slow in embracing technology themselves, and even understanding what their rules are about.  The terms and regulations are dated and worn, and this is new stuff.  There they are:  waiting for rules: "We can't do anything until they tell us what to do," they cry to me.  I will give you the rules, my children.  It's as easy as Dr. Seuss "Green Eggs and Ham: " Do not do it in a boat, do not do it with a goat, do not do it here or there, do not do it anywhere."
This is not difficult stuff especially for advisors who have been in practice many years. Don't promise investments returns anywhere-at lunch, at a client meeting, or on Twitter.  But "they" do not listen- they sit on the sidelines waiting for "rules" to be passed down to them like Moses from Mount Sinai. Another irony is that these are among the most compliant that have the greatest objections-they don't need to worry.  They are already the "good" guys. So I pack my bag to travel to the land of compliance, in this case, the beautiful setting in Phoenix, AZ.  I don't worry much about what I wear to the compliance conference - I have compliant dresses for such occasions.
A few disclosures before I move forward.  I looked over the agenda and thought it was thrilling:  insider trading, cybersecurity and more. I was excited to learn more, but I knew it made everyone afraid.  Job security for compliance officers is a given.  Cybersecurity is one of the most quickly moving challenges that we all have in technology.  I have been downright scared myself by many sessions and conferences that I have attended, but it has not swayed me:  I know that you can leave a file in a taxi, and other "crimes" that lead to loss of data.  I was a bit taken aback when the conference organizer asked me to email my credit card information:  Boy, lots of work to do here, I thought.  She should attend the cybersecurity session herself.  I wondered if the firm was secure themselves.  Sure enough, a quick Twitter search yielded a couple of abandoned accounts. "Do as they say?"  I wondered.
The conference opened, and the first panel of SEC, FINRA and other "expert" rulers, or rulemakers, were up.  The disclosures came- I yawned and powered up my laptop.  I was the only one in the front row.  The SEC woman began to speak, I am sorry, she read.  She read notes and did not deviate from the notes and refused to answer any questions.  She closed with the following "guidance from SEC", I am paraphrasing because I was too shocked "Don't hire criminals, liars, or cheaters at your firms no matter how much business they bring."  WTF?  Are you kidding, I thought to myself?  Here you are with an opportunity to enable and teach people about how to make things work, and work well and this is what happens???  Before I could catch my breath (but I did manage to tweet that) an older gentleman stood up and asked, "Where is the cloud?  I know that my data is there, but can I get it if I have an audit?"  Did he really ask that of the SEC??  While I heard many in the room laugh, it made me want to cry.  Out of the mouth of babe's-he told the SEC that he had no idea where his data was stored, nor how to get it back.  He was compliant yet clueless.  The average advisor is around 55 years old.  How are they supposed to figure this stuff out, get new clients and run a business that has changed dramatically over the past 20 years?
I have so much work to do, I thought to myself.  In his defense, while everyone laughed, I stood up  and asked SEC and FINRA beyond fiduciary and suitability, how are these guys supposed to learn how to put it all together?  A weak answer of doing due diligence on vendors emerged; scarcely any answer and then the session ended. Ugh!
Our audience looked shell-shocked although it was only the morning of day 2.  Deer in the headlights-I think I was the only one in the room smiling.  How could I lighten their load?  This is not a funeral nor a death sentence I thought.  6 years later, has anything really changed?
I smiled, said my name and even giggled in my usual happy manner.  I felt like a worn comedian on the B-circuit. I tried to lighten up the room and even create some interaction by asking how many people had heard of the internet, and how many people thought "Twitter was the devil incarnate"?  I promised the room of battered compliance people that digital/social media was a more transparent form of communication; inherently more compliant than not.  I explained that people who were not compliant offline would be the violators online too.  I promised to explain what they could do and how.  I was the solution, I implored and not the problem.
My co-presenter, an attorney, and I had met for drinks (for him, not for me) in New York City prior to our presentation.  He had sent me some slides that I would only view if I had been up for 4 days straight and couldn't sleep.  Here was his fix:  He had a slide with the "rule" followed by a slide with the word "April".  Here was our moment of truth: our presentation.  I was 20 years older than he, more social/digitally savvy than he, could I persuade this group to listen to me instead of the attorney?  He zigged and I zagged through our presentation.  The attorney looked at me frequently for "approval" and I smiled at him.  I just heard that he changed jobs...
He said no and I said yes.  We were voted couple #1 at the conference and they gave us a standing ovation.  And they gave me an extra hour for questions during the afternoon.
Follow April Rudin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TheRudinGroup
More:

Enough is Enough: The President s Latest Wall Street Nomineereddit
I believe President Obama deserves deference in picking his team, and I've generally tried to give him that. But enough is enough.
Last Wednesday, President Obama announced his nomination of Antonio Weiss to serve as Under Secretary for Domestic Finance at the Treasury Department. This is a position that oversees Dodd-Frank implementation and a wide range of banking and economic policymaking issues, including consumer protection.
So who is Antonio Weiss? He's the head of global investment banking for the financial giant Lazard. He has spent the last 20 years of his career at Lazard -- most of it advising on international mergers and acquisitions.
That raises the first issue. Weiss has spent most of his career working on international transactions -- from 2001 to 2009 he lived and worked in Paris -- and now he's being asked to run domestic finance at Treasury. Neither his background nor his professional experience makes him qualified to oversee consumer protection and domestic regulatory functions at the Treasury.  As someone who has spent my career focused on domestic economic issues, including a stint of my own at the Treasury Department, I know how important these issues are and how much the people in Treasury can shape policies. I also know that there are a lot of people who have spent their careers focused on these issues, and Weiss isn't one of them.
The second issue is corporate inversions. Basically, a bunch of companies have decided that all the regular tax loopholes they get to exploit aren't enough, so they have begun taking advantage of an even bigger loophole that allows them to maintain their operations in America but claim foreign citizenship and cut their U.S. taxes even more.  No one is fooled by the bland words "corporate inversion." These companies renounce their American citizenship and turn their backs on this country simply to boost their profits.
One of the biggest and most public corporate inversions last summer was the deal cut by Burger King to slash its tax bill by purchasing the Canadian company Tim Hortons and then "inverting" the American company to Canadian ownership. And Weiss was right there, working on Burger King's tax deal. Weiss' work wasn't unusual for Lazard. That firm has helped put together three of the last four major corporate inversions that have been announced in the U.S.  And like those old Hair Club commercials used to say, Lazard isn't just the President of the Corporate Loopholes Club -- it's also a client. Lazard moved its own headquarters from the United States to Bermuda in 2005 to take advantage of a particularly slimy tax loophole that was closed shortly afterwards.  Even the Treasury Department under the Bush administration found Lazard's practices objectionable.
The White House and Treasury have strongly denounced inversions, and rightly so. But they undercut their own position by advancing Mr. Weiss. Already Senator Grassley has denounced the move as hypocritical, and Senator Durbin has expressed his opposition to the nomination over the inversion issue. The Independent Community Bankers of America, which represents smaller banks from across the country, has opposed the nomination as well -- only the second time in thirty years that they have publicly opposed a presidential nomination.
The response from the White House to these concerns has been two-fold. First, they say that Mr. Weiss was not involved in the tax side of the Burger King deal. But let's speak plainly: This was a tax deal, plain and simple. It was designed to reduce Burger King's tax burden, and Weiss was an important and highly-paid part of the team. Second, the White House claims that Mr. Weiss is personally opposed to inversions. Really? Did he work under protest, forced to assist this deal against his will? Did he speak out against tax inversions? Did he call out his company for profiting so handsomely from its tax loophole work? The claim of personal distaste is convenient, but irrelevant.
Third, there's the larger, more general issue of Wall Street executives dominating the Obama administration, as well as the Democratic Party's, overall economic policymaking apparatus. I wrote about this problem a couple of months ago on The Huffington Post in more detail.
Here is what I wrote then:
Just look at the influence of one mega-bank -- Citigroup -- on our government. Starting with former Citigroup CEO Robert Rubin, three of the last four Treasury secretaries under Democratic presidents held high-paying jobs at Citigroup either before or after serving at Treasury -- and the fourth was offered, but declined, Citigroup's CEO position. Directors of the National Economic Council and Office of Management and Budget, the current Vice Chairman of the Federal Reserve and the U.S. trade representative, also pulled in millions from Citigroup.
That's what the revolving door looks like at just one Too Big to Fail Bank. What about others? The influence of Goldman Sachs in Washington has been much documented, including here at The Huffington Post. JPMorgan? Shortly before the [Eric] Cantor episode, another former member of Congress -- Democrat Melissa Bean -- took the same senior job at JPMorgan Chase previously held by Democrat Bill Daley before his recent service as White House Chief of Staff. Yes -- this is just a single position at JPMorgan Chase, evidently reserved for the latest politician ready to cash in on Wall Street.
I could go on -- and I will. Soon after they crashed the economy and got tens of billions of dollars in taxpayer bailouts, the biggest Wall Street banks started lobbying Congress to head off any serious financial regulation. Public Citizen and the Center for Responsive Politics found that in 2009 alone, the financial services sector employed 1,447 former federal employees to carry out their lobbying efforts, swarming all over Congress. And who were their top lobbyists? Members of Congress -- in fact, 73 former Members of Congress.
According to a report by the Institute for America's Future, by the following year, the six biggest banks employed 243 lobbyists who once worked in the federal government, including 33 who had worked as chiefs of staff for members of Congress and 54 who had worked as staffers for the banking oversight committees in the Senate or the House.
In recent years, President Obama has repeatedly turned to nominees with close Wall Street ties for high-level economic positions. Jack Lew, who was a top Citigroup official, now serves as Treasury Secretary. The President's choice for Treasury's highest international position, Nathan Sheets, also comes from Citi. For the number two spot at the Federal Reserve, the President tapped Stanley Fischer, another former Citigroup executive. A Bank of America executive, Stefan Selig, was put in charge of international trade at the Commerce Department. The President's two recent picks for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission -- including his choice for Chairman -- are lawyers who have spent their careers representing big financial institutions.
There's plenty of financial expertise in this country. People with banking experience haven't all flocked to the biggest banks; community banks and regional banks, along with smaller trading houses and credit unions, have some very talented people. Nor must every government official come from the financial sector; executives from other business areas, lawyers who have practiced in a wide range of fields, academics, financial advisers, non-profit employees, think-tank researchers, and people with experience elsewhere in government have deep wells of knowledge -- and perspectives that sometimes differ from those who run Wall Street banks.
The over-representation of Wall Street banks in senior government positions sends a bad message. It tells people that one -- and only one -- point of view will dominate economic policymaking. It tells people that whatever goes wrong in this economy, the Wall Street banks will be protected first. That's yet another advantage that Wall Street just doesn't need.
I have voted against only one of President Obama's nominees: Michael Froman, a Citigroup alumnus who is currently storming the halls of Congress as U.S. Trade Representative pushing trade deals that threaten to undermine financial regulation, workers' rights, and environmental protections. Enough is enough.
It's time for the Obama administration to loosen the hold that Wall Street banks have over economic policy making. Sure, big banks are important, but running this economy for American families is a lot more important.
Follow Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Twitter: www.twitter.com/elizabethforma
More:

Bottom Line: Its All About Inclusionreddit
Ninety million people worldwide watched me step onto the tennis court to defeat Bobby Riggs in the "Battle of Sexes" 41 years ago.  Looking back, my victory was more than a point of athletic pride -- it was about social change, part of a growing movement that showed women were equal to men.
Four decades later I'm proud of the progress that has been made -- not only in sports but in politics, in the workplace, in corporate board rooms, in pay equity and in our daily lives.  However, so much more remains to be done.  The match for equality that was started on that day in 1973 still in many ways continues today.
There exists a tremendous amount of untapped human potential due to deeply rooted discrimination based on race, gender, sexuality and age, among other factors.  Despite making up approximately half of the global population, just 5 percent of Fortune 500 CEOs are women.  African-Americans and Latinos are also vastly underrepresented, making up just over 1 percent and 2 percent of CEOs respectively.  We will never achieve our vast potential until our leaders -- across all sectors -- look at differences through a new lens: where individuals are embraced for their unique contributions rather than punished or judged for what makes them different.
To celebrate this difference I've decided to focus my energy and passion on fostering a new inclusive path forward.  With the founding of the Billie Jean King Leadership Initiative (BJKLI), which officially launches today, we have a new organization -- a movement to inspire future leaders and to motivate people in positions of power to promote diverse identities.  By focusing on leadership, we will move the needle on issues that are thwarting the emergence of diverse talent globally.
Joining me and guiding me on this journey is a world-class advisory board comprised of fearless thought-leaders, each of whom understands what it takes to effect transformation and has already been a catalyst for positive change.  With the help of our founding partner, Teneo, this group will inspire the next generation of leaders and together build a more inclusive, respectful society.
To kick off this effort we are hosting a symposium with leaders across sectors on what can be done to address the gap in inclusive leadership.  Following the symposium, we will honor two leaders -- Valerie Jarrett, Senior Advisor to the President of the United States, and Gracia Martore, President and Chief Executive Officer of Gannett -- for their fearless leadership in "uncovering talent" at the first BJKLI Awards Gala.
BJKLI has forged a multi-year research collaboration with Deloitte, and the Deloitte University Leadership Center for Inclusion. The first ground-breaking study to be released in 2015 will explore creative ways in which organizations are leveraging the collective ideas, perspectives and input of their inclusive talent to grow the business.  This research will compare and contrast the views of millennials, Board and C-Suite executives in the areas of diversity, inclusion, innovation, engagement and performance.  Our aim is for the powerful insights revealed in this research to help us positively disrupt current practices and thoughtfully challenge global leadership to understand the need for improvement and to inspire action.
This type of change takes time, but my hope is that this initiative will elevate the conversation.  Through it, thinking will evolve and the next generation of bold, visionary game changers will have the opportunity to achieve their maximum potential and contribute to building a better society for all.
Playing Bobby Riggs 41 years ago changed my life, and as I have learned over the years, changed the lives of millions of men and women as well.  As long as I am able, I will step on to any court to fight for those viewed as less capable, less important, and less influential simply because of gender, race, age, disability or sexual orientation.  BJKLI will continue to fight for equal rights and opportunities for all because it's a fight we all have a vested interest in winning.
Follow Billie Jean King on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BillieJeanKing
More:

Audi stuns in Los AngelesAudi A3, World Car of the Year
If nothing else, the Prologue is perhaps the most soberly named concept car in recent memory, as its chief purpose is to announce the brand’s new design direction, now under the full influence of Audi design chief and Volkswagen design graduate Mark Lichte. The Prologue is effectively Audi’s new Rosetta Stone.
But why would Audi, a brand that few individuals possessed of eyeballs would accuse of homely styling, need to change its design direction? As the world’s second-largest luxury car brand by volume behind BMW, and contributor of 40% of the entire VW Group’s total profits, it clearly is doing something right.
“Never sit still,” Lichte explains.
Indeed, some keen observers have grown less expectant of new Audis in recent years. The cars are all pleasing, attractive and discernable as Audis, but differentiation has diminished among the model ranges. While this builds cohesion, it leaves little opportunity for distinction or charisma, particularly in the sedan classes, where the pricing brackets could span a range of over $100,000 between the A3 and top-line A8.
Key influences for Lichte and his team were the mechanicals beneath the metal; engineering considerations were top of mind in the design studio. As in human physiology, Lichte is able to suggest what’s under the skin in muscle and bone. And in Audi’s case, those immutable innards are Quattro all-wheel-drive and a front-mounted, 4-litre twin-turbo engine, sited just ahead of the front axle line. The front weight bias and all-wheel-drive foundation simplified and clarified the design task, Lichte says.
The Prologue’s grille is lower, wider and a touch more angular than other Audi maws, flanked by thin, icy headlamps. The air intakes beneath the headlamps can therefore be “technological”, in Lichte’s words. Some might take that to mean “busy”, but with simple lighting elements above, the Prologue can afford the pizazz.
Out back, severely raked rear glass contrasts with the more upright windshield. The greater intrigue, though, is the rear glass’s  slightly concave shape, which suggests that the C-pillars – the solid buttresses behind the rear-passenger glass – are sail panels. This also affords a more expansive trunk deck, and ultimately more luggage space. A liftgate was never considered for the Prologue, Lichte says, even though the car’s profile sooner evokes a fastback like Audi’s svelte A7 .
Finally, reinforcing Audi’s position as the industry’s most lighting-conscious brand,  LED taillights are highly three-dimensional, with strong texture and a light-band element that runs the width of the trunk lid – an element that Lichte says will distinguish many future models.
Inside, the pillarless roof design pays dividends, yielding a clean, airy interior accented by  sharp horizontal planes and a near total lack of buttons and dials.
“I worked the last 17 years almost exclusively on exteriors,” Lichte says. “I don’t actually have a lot of interior experience, but I have a vision for the future Audi interior. We want simple, integrated displays, not only because simplicity is better, but because integrated electronic displays make it possible to present all the vast information drivers want and need today and tomorrow.” That thinking is already apparent in the TT sports coupe , which foregoes a traditional centre-mounted display in favour of a multifunction gauge cluster, right at the driver’s line of sight.
Though the early intel on the Prologue suggested it would light the way for a new, standalone model, Audi is in no mood to talk particulars. Lichte did allow, however, that the cues worn by the concept car will be brought to bear on the flagship A8 sedan for the 2016 model year.
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

Bentley  boatmaker to the starsMeet Bentley's massive Grand Convertible
By  Stephen Dobie
Fans of understatement, look away now: it's the new Bentley Grand Convertible.
Related
Mulsanne fit for a Bentley Boy
It's described by Bentley boss Wolfgang Dürheimer as "embodying elegance beyond compare". So long as you deem “elegance” to be “five and a half metres long and two-tone”, you can't really argue with him.
The Grand Convertible is technically a concept, and has not been confirmed for production yet. But it appears to share much with the Mulsanne and looks ready for sale, so we'd be flabbergasted if Bentley chickened out. Crewe has a past with two-door drop-tops like this, the Azure being spun off previous Continental and Arnage models.
This GC remains very much in the same vein as the Azure. A 530bhp, 811lb-ft 6.75-litre twin-turbo V8 engine drives the rear wheels, and that's probably one of its subtler boasts.
For instance, that “Sequin Blue” paint is so-called because it originates from a customer's bespoke colour, matched to a sequin from their haute couture gown. We'd wager that's not how Dacia sources its colour palette.
Want more silly facts? The wooden tonneau cover, made from dark-stained burr walnut, is the largest piece of wood veneer yet seen on a Bentley, and it's made by hand. Meanwhile, the interior contains no fewer than 14 leather hides, lashed together with more sequin-coloured stitching.
Bentley may try to describe the Grand Convertible as “understated in style”, but we're not buying it. There's no skulking around anonymously in one of these, but that's doubtless the point.
The monster cabrio made its debut at the Los Angeles auto show, where customer reaction will dictate whether it makes it to production as "a highly exclusive, extremely limited collector's piece". LA strikes us as a rather tactical place to go to get a rapturous response to a vast, blingy convertible...
A version of this story originally appeared on TopGear.com .

Deal to Buy Shuttered Revel Casino Falls Apart
Laich admits he rushed back from shoulder injuryBy Alex Prewitt November 19 Follow @alex_prewitt
(Dennis Wierzbicki/USA TODAY Sports)
DENVER – The uncertain timetable for his recovery from a left shoulder injury remained even as Capitals forward Brooks Laich began practicing again , but the lessons learned from rushing back too soon, he hoped, would create caution this time around. Less than three weeks after incurring the injury during a collision against Florida , Laich wanted to return and help Washington break its winless streak in Chicago. The Capitals did, and Laich got hurt again.
“I was really trying to push to get back,” he said. “You want to help. You want to be part of the team. You want to help win. That sort of rushed me back the first time, but I can’t go like this.”
He was inside a cramped locker room behind the auxiliary rink at Joy Burns Arena on the University of Denver campus, still on injured reserve , another day on the long road back. He felt strong shooting during practice, but still couldn’t, in his words, “fully shoot a puck yet.” Conditioning had never been an issue, because this was a shoulder injury and not the groin issues that had derailed so many prior seasons. The biggest issue rested with reconciling his eagerness to return with the most prudent medical route.
“I can’t keep going … not scared, but timid a little bit, because my body isn’t ready to be out there in the contact and the compete level I’m used to,” he said. “Just hope that it gets a little better each day, then one day I’ll find myself back in the lineup.”
When that might be, Laich was unsure. He has played just six of 19 games this season, returning for the 3-2 victory in Chicago then getting shelved again. Coach Barry Trotz often has spoken about having Laich return, a time when he believes the Capitals can roll four deep in their line deployment, but that means Laich gulping down a hefty dose of self-awareness and realizing the limitations of his shoulder.
“I think he has to come to a little bit of a compromise, where both of them [Laich and the training staff] come to an agreement where he’s ready and go from there,” Trotz said. “Only he can tell us how he feels. No one else. I know he wants to play and he wants to get back as quick as possible, but we need him to have a stretch of games here.
“I understand where he’s at. I’d rather him almost at 100 percent before he comes back so he can have a long run. We miss him. There’s no question, he’s a piece that balances everything out for us really well. To this point in time, when he’s not in the lineup, you can tell.”
But what could Laich do beyond rehabilitate his shoulder during every game, keep practicing to keep his conditioning levels high and, when doctors give the go-ahead, begin absorbing contact? According to Trotz, “there’s a good chance for the weekend,” when the Capitals return home to host Buffalo on Saturday, but they have been here befor.
“It’s tough being on the ice and being a shell of yourself and not being fully able to engage in all the things that you’re used to,” Laich said. “I don’t want to be a detriment to my hockey team by going back on the ice in a shape that I can’t fully compete. It’s very tough mentally to sit and wait for this thing to get better, but I try to remind myself that it’s not a groin injury, it’s a shoulder. I can still skate and participate in practice and hopefully I’ll be back soon.”
O’Brien out for the weekend
Forward Liam O’Brien did not practice Wednesday, instead working with trainers behind the boards, stretching his injured area, dubbed officially by the Capitals as “lower body.” Trotz said the rookie definitely will not face Colorado and likely will miss the Buffalo game too.
O’Brien hurt himself last Friday, at the team’s morning skate before facing New Jersey, and has missed three games since.
“There’s a good chance he’ll be back on the ice, but I don’t expect him to play tomorrow or probably on the weekend,” Trotz said.
Forward Aaron Volpatti (neck) and defenseman Dmitry Orlov (wrist) practiced, though there wasn’t much contact during the half-hour workout.
Day off for several veterans
Trotz gave Nicklas Backstrom, Matt Niskanen, Brooks Orpik and Joel Ward the day off for various reasons. The Capitals don’t have a back-to-back until next weekend — home vs. the New York Islanders, then at Toronto – but Trotz said he might employ a similar plan with different players heading forward, depending on the demands of the schedule.
“Some guys are nicked up, some guys played heavy minutes, some guys I see they’re lacking a little bit of juice because they’re nicked up,” Trotz said. “I’m probably going to do that a few times in the next couple of weeks, just because of the number of games. I may not give everybody the day off, but I may pick a select five or six guys and they’ll have the day off and the other guys will do, then flip-flop it around.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Doctors removed a massive tumor from an 11-year-old boy this week. It took more than 12 hours.By Sarah Larimer November 19 Follow @slarimer
In this July 20, 2012, photo, the father of a Ciudad Juarez-born boy suffering from a massive tumor who U.S. Homeland Security identified only as "Jose," examines his shoulder in New Mexico. (Russell Contreras/AP)
The tumor on Jose Antonio Ramirez Serrano's neck, shoulder and upper body was about the size of a football, according to reports . It affected the 11-year-old Mexican boy's eyesight, and his parents were worried that it might someday spread to his heart, the Associated Press reported .
This week, doctors in the United States removed the growth. It took a 25-person team at University of New Mexico Children's Hospital more than 12 hours to get it out, Kristean Alcocer of the First Baptist Church of Rio Rancho , told AP in a statement.
"The road to recovery will be long, and many challenges still lie ahead for this young boy," Alcocer said.
Reuters reports that the tumor was "nearly a foot (30 cm) in length and measuring about 4 inches (10 cm) wide and deep."
Jose and his parents spoke with the El Paso Times last year when he was taking medication to help reduce the size of the tumor.
Via the Times:
José's mother, Cindy Serrano, said his health improved enough to return to school this fall after not going last year because of his illness. He now attends fifth grade at Ricardo Flores Magón Elementary in the Rancho Anapra neighborhood.
Still, José cannot do the same physical activity as his peers or run with his siblings, she said.
"We are still making sure that he does not get tired because he cannot breathe that well right now," she said.
The surgery is part of a two-year effort from the First Baptist Church of Rio Rancho, which has been raising money for Jose's care. According to reports, church members had spotted the boy during a missionary trip.
"Many promises were made to them over the years, but no one ever came through with meaningful solution," Alcocer told Reuters.
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Southwest takes jab at JetBlue over fee for checked bagsSouthwest takes jab at JetBlue over fee for checked bags
Southwest
Southwest Airlines Air Transportation Industry
Southwest digs at JetBlue over checked-bag fees
Southwest Airlines in a blog Wednesday touted its new status as the only domestic carrier not to charge a fee for checked baggage, after JetBlue Airways said it would begin charging.
The SWA shareholders will eventually demand bag fees to increase the airlines profits and dividends to them. Thats a lot of lost revenue and profits in not charging for bags.
ch47fixer
3
"Did you hear the news today? Feeling a bit blue, perhaps, at the thought of yet another bag fee out there?" wrote Southwest Chief Revenue Officer Bob Jordan. "Don't fear — Southwest Airlines has your back, and your bag — and you can take great comfort in knowing that bags fly free for all at Southwest.com! Today, we stand alone as the only domestic airline that can say that."
JetBlue Airways announced Wednesday that it will charge certain customers for their first checked bag, yielding to pressure from analysts who criticized the airline for not adding fees in step with other carriers.
At a presentation to investors Wednesday, JetBlue discussed its three new fare families, including a discount class that does not come with a free checked bag. The airline estimates this will reap about $65 million in 2015 and about $200 million total within several years.
The New York-based airline also said it will add more seats to its fleet of Airbus A320 planes while maintaining leg room for passengers.
Jordan wrote that Southwest doesn't charge for the first two checked bags because "our customers hate those fees. For us, we think it's pretty logical that if you're going on a trip, you just might want to pack some clothes in a bag to take along with you."
Reuters contributed.

Autopsy says air bag in Honda to blame for Florida woman s deathAutopsy says air bag in Honda to blame for Florida woman's death
By Ben Klayman, Reuters
Medical Research Highway and Road Disasters Auto Safety Automotive Industry Honda Motor Co. U.S. Congress
DETROIT (Reuters) - Shards from a ruptured Takata-made air bag killed the driver of a Honda Accord after a traffic accident in Florida, according to the final autopsy report, the first official confirmation of shrapnel as a cause of death in the crash.
Blunt force injuries to the head and neck also contributed to the death of Hien Tran, 51, whose 2001 Honda was involved in an accident on Sept. 29 in Orlando, according to the report, which was released by the Orange-Osceola Medical Examiner's office late on Tuesday. She died on Oct. 2.
0
Tran, whose family on Monday filed a wrongful-death lawsuit against Takata and Honda, is one of five deaths, four in the United States, linked to faulty Takata air bag inflators that potentially can explode and spray shrapnel at vehicle occupants.
"It is my opinion that the injuries were caused solely by the collision and explosion of the air bag with her death a result of the penetrating injuries of the neck, as well as blunt force injuries to the head and neck," Dr. Joshua Stephany, associate medical examiner, wrote in the conclusion.
On Wednesday, a Honda Motor Co spokesman confirmed "there was a rupture of the driver's air bag inflator" in the accident, saying, "Honda is still evaluating the available evidence to understand the extent to which the rupture caused the fatal injuries suffered by Ms. Tran."
Around 16 million cars with Takata air bags have been recalled worldwide over the past six years, with more than 10 million of those in the U.S.
The autopsy report noted that medical personnel initially said the penetrating injuries of Tran's neck were "inconsistent" with car accidents as the windows were intact and the driver was wearing her seat belt.
"Review of the scene photographs revealed plastic and metal fragments throughout the driver compartment, multiple tears to the air bag, as well as blood on the air bag," according to the autopsy report. "Law enforcement also found fragments of loose metal still present within the deflated air bag."
Takata Corp spokesman Alby Berman said the firm "offers our deepest condolences to the family of Ms. Tran. However, company policy is not to comment on ongoing litigation."
Executives from Takata and Honda, as well as officials from the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and Chrysler Group are scheduled to testify in front of a Senate panel in Congress on Thursday.
NHTSA on Tuesday said it has told Takata and five automakers to expand nationwide a regional U.S. recall involving the potentially lethal air bags.
(Reporting by Ben Klayman in Detroit; Editing by Alan Crosby)

New Subatomic Particles Discovered By Physicists Overseasreddit
Scientists working at CERN's Large Hadron Collider near Geneva, Switzerland have discovered two never-before-seen subatomic particles , the nuclear research facility announced today.
Dubbed Xi_b'- and Xi_b*-, the particles are "heavyweight" particles known as baryons, CERN scientists said. Like the proton, the new particles are made up of three quarks but are more than six times as massive.
"This exciting discovery reveals two previously unobserved combinations of three quarks, filling in a further part of the jigsaw and allowing physicists to understand the workings of the strong force in greater detail," Prof. Andy Parker of the department of high energy physics at the Cavendish Laboratory in Cambridge, England, told The Huffington Post in an email. "This also lays the ground for hoped-for discovery of a particle which does not fit into the jigsaw, revealing what lies beyond the existing 'Standard Model' of particles and their interactions."
A paper describing the discovery was submitted to the journal Physical Review Letters.
Also on HuffPost:

Co-ops for Creative Diversityreddit
The expansive community of YouTube creators is an inspiration for the advertising industry -- they help each other, they work together. For example, YouTube influencer and singer/songwriter Kurt Hugo Schneider has garnered nearly five million subscribers through cross promotion and co-creation with other YouTube creators to cover the latest hits and even produce original music. His content strategy has fostered a healthy, collaborative culture that takes advantage of the platform's unlimited shelf space -- shelf space where everyone is working for more prominent positioning and subscribers. YouTube is a dynamic frontier of competition and collaboration when done right, one that can inform and shape the future of how people work in creative co-opetition.
Today dawns a new age of partnership for the ad industry -- these challenging times call for innovation through collaboration. From walking into a retail experience all the way through advocating and self-reflecting about a brand, every area of the media landscape requires an informed, expert strategy, and that necessitates new ways of working. It necessitates a new level of co-operation, as no one can be an expert in everything and yet still make that special something.
Industry partnerships, or co-operatives, emerge after acknowledging a common ambition toward overall improvement for both advertisers and people. Each party willingly commits to creating a new way to work together, rather than plugging and playing into each other's old ways. They integrate forces to build on strengths and uniquely create work that will not only accelerate their individual brands, but also advance the greater community and landscape. Some would call it open sourcing; we call it "open creation."
We at Leo Burnett recently established a first-of-its kind co-op with social publishing giant The Huffington Post to offer our clients unique participation opportunities. Through shared values, cross-team collaboration, data sharing and creative brand building, together we will create content to drive cultural conversations and participation at scale for several of our clients.
The natural evolution of the industry is to be able to understand and make opportunities from the creative implications of behavioral shifts caused by tech and media platforms. Brand competition has expanded outside product or service categories to include the entirety of one's social network. Everyone can publish, promote and create. Channels are completely oversaturated, however each beckons additional opportunities for brand differentiation and authentic participation. In order to take advantage of the rapidly changing world of communications, the industry needs to co-operate and solve for an increasing demand for creative diversity.
The requirement for creative diversity -- variance of thinking, experiences and different ways of looking at the world -- has increased tenfold with the rapidly changing digital world. Pure, unadulterated creativity is not fostered in an environment where the same people work within the same process. It quickly dies when best practices become common practices and big-idea thinking gives way to risk aversion. The industry cannot be re-created on the shoulders of these staid methods of working. The industry necessitates the power of three: client, partner and agency. Clients are looking to either disrupt a market or create a new one, and the advertising industry is that connector, enabler, tension tie breaker and realist who actually makes it happen.
Co-ops offer a chance to test-drive what inevitably lies ahead. However, it's going to take an incredible amount of time, a lot of learning and a sometimes-imbalanced amount of success and failure. In the future, the creative diversity of agencies will need to be more expansive than ever, and this is permission, a gateway into a new level of driving participation for clients.
Competitors, who may not appear as such today, could be partners of tomorrow. The industry needs to step up to the challenge of new ways of working and realize its unique strengths and capabilities, while recognizing those of possible partners. This will help to build, one by one, a changed industry. By working together, we can create new models that are a win/win for both.
After all, we're working with unlimited shelf space for creativity, so why not give it a try?
Follow Mark Renshaw on Twitter: www.twitter.com/markrenshaw
More:

Yahoo to replace Google as default search engine for Firefox browsersYahoo to replace Google as default search engine for Firefox browsers
Yahoo
A Yahoo logo is pictured in front of a building in Rolle
A Yahoo logo is pictured in front of a building in Rolle (Denis Balibouse / Reuters)
By Alexei Oreskovic, Reuters
Google Inc. Marissa Mayer Yahoo! Inc.
Yahoo to replace Google as default search engine for Firefox browsers
Yahoo Inc struck a deal with Firefox maker Mozilla Corp to replace Google Inc as the default search engine on the Firefox Web browser in the United States, a move that Yahoo Chief Executive Marissa Mayer said will help boost its flagging search market share.
The deal between the two companies will start in December and is set to last five years, Yahoo said. Mayer would not disclose the financial terms other than to say that the partnership is a revenue sharing agreement and includes certain "guarantees."
I use startpage.com It's more secure, uses google to generate the results of the search, but is a proxy so google doesn't see your IP
Jackie Puppet
1
The partnership, which integrates Yahoo search into Firefox's browser for desktop PCs and mobile devices such as smartphones, will produce a "share gain" for Yahoo, Mayer said in an interview with Reuters on Wednesday.
The Mozilla deal means that users of the Firefox browser in the U.S. will automatically be routed to search results on Yahoo's website when they type a query into the small box that appears at the top of the browser.
"It's one of the largest independently-directed search share opportunities available in the market," Mayer said, declining to estimate how much of a boost Yahoo expected to receive from the deal.
Yahoo's share of the U.S. search market on desktop PCs is currently about 10 percent, according to industry research firm comScore, compared to Microsoft's roughly 20 percent and Google's 67 percent.
Google previously served as the default search option for users of the Firefox Web browser on an international basis. With Google's three-year deal coming to an end, Mozilla has struck deals with several search engines in different regions, including Baidu Inc in China and Yandex NV in Russia.
Yahoo said it has revamped the look of its search engine, making more use of rich graphics and photos, for the Firefox partnership. The Web search results will continue to be powered by Microsoft, in keeping with the 10-year partnership that Yahoo and Microsoft began in 2010.
Firefox had 10.4 percent of the U.S. browser market on desktop PCs, mobile smartphones and tablets last month, according to tech data firm StatCounter. Google's Chrome browser was the leader with 33.5 percent.
Yahoo shares were up 1 percent at $51.10 in extended trading on Wednesday.

Weird and wonderful celeb beauty secretsBigg Boss 8
Weird and wonderful celeb beauty secrets
Whether you’re attending a girls’ night or heading out for a hot date, these beauty secrets are key to looking drop dead gorgeous!

Join the Lex Live discussion on Japanese equitiesRemember me on this computer
Sign in

Japan shows ECB cost of acting too lateNovember 19, 2014 5:18 am
ECB inflation target fails credibility test
Andrew Balls
Japan shows costs of acting too late on deflation risk
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/da6ccfb2-6e4b-11e4-bffb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fund stars mea cuplaReddit
Part of the No Alternative: the zombie hedge fund industry series
Two-thirds of all hedge funds ever to report to a database are dead and defunct, yet their investment record lives on and the industry is hungry for fees...

Review: Behind the Beautiful Forevers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/e231e0d2-6fe7-11e4-a0c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mexicos first lady to sell family mansionMexico’s first lady to sell ‘White House’ family mansion
Jude Webber in Mexico City
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/135880a6-6fc2-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Investors vie for drill licence in MexicoForeign investors vie for licence to drill in Mexico
Jude Webber
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f2067f14-4eee-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mexico insures against a further oil price fallMexico insures against a further oil price fall
Jude Webber in Mexico City and Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aeef1586-6b74-11e4-9337-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

KPMG laps up McLarens F1-style analytics© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/262d0ffe-6fdf-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

F1 boss accused of presiding over cartelNovember 17, 2014 6:26 pm
Small teams accuse Ecclestone of presiding over F1 ‘cartel’ damaging sport
Roger Blitz, Leisure Industries Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b1f2cc94-6e78-11e4-a65a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

F1 profits spread sees small teams stallFormula One’s profits spread sees small teams stall
Roger Blitz – Leisure Industries Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f158c0fc-65d9-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bose gets noisy in suit over Apple BeatsBose gets noisy in suit over Apple’s Beats
By Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1fb75210-142c-11e4-b46f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple still in the market to buy after Beats 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Support for Swiss gold initiative fallsNovember 19, 2014 5:57 pm
Support for ‘Save Our Swiss Gold’ initiative falls, poll shows
James Shotter in Zurich
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/28e2d7ce-700c-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uneasy gold bugs swarm Swiss central bankAnxious gold bugs swarm Switzerland’s central bank
James Shotter in Zürich
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/218f6cec-6a1e-11e4-9f65-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China and Russia push back against the USFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Miliband to attack Sports Directs zero-hours contracts© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b36caf76-6c17-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wage growth finally outstrips inflationWage growth finally outstrips inflation
Emily Cadman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f72be07c-6a4d-11e4-8fca-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The US and India: a trade truce with a twistSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

It Is Time for an International Children s Courtreddit
LONDON -- It is now more than 200 days since 219 Nigerian girls were ambushed in the grounds of their school, kidnapped and forced into captivity by the terrorist group Boko Haram.
This, and a hundred other violations of children's rights from Syria to Sudan, is the theme of a conference today that will commemorate the 25th anniversary of the most widely signed convention of all time, the Convention on the Rights of the Child .
Today, 25 million children are displaced refugees, exiled from their country with the likelihood that they will be refugees for 10 years.  But the violations of children's rights extend beyond conflict zones. Today, 10 million school age children are forced into child marriage, 215 million are in child labor and 32 million girls are excluded from school  -- many because of discrimination against them.
Yet, side by side with the helplessness of the captive Nigerian schoolgirls is the demand of a girl's movement called Bring Back Our Girls, which refuses to be cowed by the threats from Boko Haram to kill them. And the rising tide of young people's anger against violations of their rights is part of a pattern across the world; girls and boys themselves doing more than the adults who should be helping them to stand up and fight for their rights.
In short, what the world is seeing in 2014 is a liberation fight to end child marriage, child labor, child trafficking and the discrimination against girls to ensure that -- through compulsory universal education and other reforms -- these violations are brought to an end.
Last month campaigners for children's rights were given a boost with the announcement that Kailash Satyarthi, the anti-child labor campaigner, and the girls' rights leader Malala Yousafzai had jointly won the Nobel Peace Prize.
It is the first official recognition that a civil rights struggle led by young people is now underway. And it emphasizes the change we are seeing around the world: Young people themselves are now fighting for their civil rights.
Unwilling to wait for adults to discharge what should be their duties towards children, young people themselves are forming child marriage free zones, anti-slavery coalitions and civil rights groups across the world, from Nepal's Kamlari Children's Forum to Ethiopia's Yellow Movement of students.
In the 1950s, the world fought a civil rights struggle against colonialism, in the 1960s against color discrimination, in the 1970s and 1980s against apartheid. Now it is time to deal with unfinished business -- the continued violation of the rights of children. It is time to declare that ending the exploitation of children, especially girls, and ensuring the right to education is the civil rights cause of our generation.
TAKING THE NEXT STEP -- A CHILDREN'S COURT
So, today, on the anniversary of the CORC, Kailash Satyarthi, Kevin Watkins, head of the Overseas Development Institute and I are calling on the world community to support a new International Children's Court to stamp out the violations of children's rights and set in place a proper reporting and sanctions system.
According to the UN, just one in seven --14 percent -- of country reports are submitted on time, and 33 percent are not submitted even a year later.
Only 10 countries allow children and their representatives to bring cases before the Committee on the Rights of the Child, established by the convention, as part of the review process. Even then the average time lag between registration and final decision in cases taken up by the committee is three-and-a-half years, with no legal obligation on states to review and reform policies even when they are identified as being in violation of international human rights obligations.
One reason is that while great weight is attached to the assessment of legislative provisions, less emphasis is given to enforcement of laws that enact the principles set out in the convention.
THE RIGHT TO PETITION THE COURT
It is for this reason that we propose not only a Children's Court but also that children and their representatives should have the right to petition the court directly. The court should receive and investigate individual petitions, independently monitor performance in member states, and further review areas of concern, including child labor, child marriage and child slavery.
Such a system would also allow us to report on how inequalities in health and education harm the most marginalized children and how compulsory universal education is the best way of combating child labor, forced marriage and discrimination against girls.
About a decade ago, Graca Machel won the case for a reporting system to the UN Security Council through a new Special Representative on Children and Armed Conflict whose work is backed by the threat of sanctions. The same system of representation, presentation and reporting should now be extended to child slavery, hazardous labor and forced marriage.
Follow Gordon Brown on Twitter: www.twitter.com/officegsbrown
More:

Im a huge target for them: Critics take aim at hunting show star Eva ShockeyPost by Eva Shockey .
Several days and 50,000 heated Facebook comments later, Eva Shockey — the goldilocked huntress who co-hosts an Outdoor Channel show about killing animals with her father , Jim Shockey – is still defending her decision to slay the bear and post photos of the animal online.
“I believe with every part of me that what I’m doing is right, so there’s nothing that I’m apologizing for,” she  told Fox News , noting that in North Carolina, the bear population is rising rapidly . “Obviously we’re not gonna get rid of the humans. … You have to keep the bear population in check.”
Some people remain thoroughly unconvinced and have taken to social media to tell Shockey as much.
I wonder if Christopher eats meat? Wears a leather belt? Shoes? Car seats? Donates money to wildlife management? Hmm. pic.twitter.com/krHWcaCa1i
Post by Eva Shockey .
So who is Eva Shockey and why does anyone care about her hunting photos?
Outdoor Channel refers to her as the “princess” of its “royal hunting family.” The 26-year-old Canadian holds the distinction of being the first woman in almost four decades to appear alone on the cover of Field & Stream magazine, according to the publication. The last was an actual royal: Queen Elizabeth, who made an appearance with her hunting hounds back in 1976.
The last huntress to grace our cover before @EvaShockey ? You guessed it: Queen Elizabeth. #HuntingRoyalty #WhatsNext pic.twitter.com/SEgK6JMm2X
— Field & Stream (@FieldandStream) April 15, 2014
“It’s a huge, huge honor,” Shockey told the Outdoor Channel when she was featured on the cover.  “It’s really amazing. It doesn’t even really feel real. She’s a really important woman.”
Shockey wasn’t always an avid hinter. Although she grew up with a professional hunter for a father, Shockey says she didn’t realize she could retain her femininity with a hunting rifle in her hand.
“I took dancing and did all the girl stuff,” she told Women’s Outdoor News . “When I was 20, I was old enough to realize that you can go hunting in the woods and put on camo and get dirty, and then you can shower and put on a dress and still be a lady.”
Current enthusiasm aside, her first kill left Shockey in tears.
Six years later, her kills tend to generate tons of controversy. “Some days I’ll wake up and I’ll literally have — I’ve had 5,000-plus death threats in one day,” she told the Blaze .
In a separate interview with Field & Stream, she called the critical comments “pure hatred, and hatred mostly comes from fear of the unknown. These people don’t know anything about hunting. What’s sad is that they don’t know all the good things hunting does for conservation, the economy, and our culture.”
She added: “My dad warned me before I even got involved with the show that I was going to have to deal with anti-hunters. I’m a huge target for them because I’m a smiley young woman, and I’m different than who they’re used to dealing with.”
Female participation in hunting increased by 10 percent between 2008 and 2012, according to the National Shooting Sports Foundation. Shockey says she embodies the new wave of female hunters. Her fans see her as the anti-Kim Kardashian –a gritty, self-reliant woman who doesn’t need to flaunt her sex appeal. It’s an image Shockey (who is engaged to a professional hockey player ) tries to cultivate on social media.
Post by Eva Shockey .
“Compared to just last year, the number of women I meet — young girls, teenagers, moms with babies, older women — who tell me they hunt or are taking up hunting is incredible,”  she told Field & Stream  earlier this year. “Bass Pro Shops owner Johnny Morris recently told me that the sale of women’s products was just 3 percent of his business 10 years ago, and now it’s 30 percent.”
My moose from the Yukon is going to feed all of the guests at my wedding next summer!! How cool is that?! pic.twitter.com/j9DnrMCOTv
— Eva Shockey (@EvaShockey) November 18, 2014
As for her critics, the hunter told the Blaze that she plans to follow the advice of her father. “What he’s always showed me, and what I really try to live by every day, is just rise above,” she said. “You don’t need to go down to what they’re doing. … And the best thing to do is, if anything, to just educate them. Show them you’re not this redneck who drinks beer and shoots animals illegally.”
As for the bear she killed: Field & Stream reports that its meat was given “to the guides and their families.” The bear will be mounted and eventually displayed in a nature museum that Jim Shockey is opening.
— Eva Shockey (@EvaShockey) November 19, 2014
Peter Holley is a general assignment reporter at The Washington Post. He can be reached at peter.holley@washpost.com.

A new dimension in cellphone trackingA new dimension in cellphone tracking
The Federal Communications Commission is considering new rules for how wireless carriers handle 911 calls. Dispatchers already receive location information automatically during emergency calls, but the new rules would require greater precision and, for the first time, an estimate of each caller’s altitude. Privacy advocates worry that this three-dimensional location data will be used by police, private businesses or hackers to track people for other purposes. Read related article
HOW THE SYSTEM WORKS
Tiny electronic components that increasingly
come standard with smartphones are capable
of measuring air pressure with great accuracy.
Inside the sensor,

U.S. scales back Ebola treatment units in LiberiaBy Lena H. Sun November 19 Follow @bylenasun
(L to R) Liberian Brig. Gen. Daniel Ziankhan, chief of staff for the Armed Forces of Liberia (L), and American Maj. Gen. Darryl Williams, commander of U.S. Army Africa (C), cheer at the construction site of a new Ebola treatment in October in Tubmanburg, Liberia. The center is the first Ebola treatment center built by Liberian forces under American supervision as part of Operation United Assistance to combat the Ebola epidemic. (Photo by John Moore/Getty Images)
The United States is scaling back the number of Ebola treatment units it is building in Liberia because of a reduction in cases in that country, a spokesman for the U.S. Agency for International Development said Wednesday.
Instead of 17 treatment centers, the United States is now planning to construct 15. The U.S. military is building 10 of them–the first one opened last week.  With USAID funding, a German non-profit is building another four in southeastern Liberia, and Save the Children is building one, according to USAID spokesman Matthew Herrick.
At the same time, U.S. officials said there is a continuing urgent need to fight the fast-moving Ebola epidemic in West Africa and shore up U.S. preparedness. They testified before Congress this week in support of the  Obama administration’s request for  $6.2 billion in emergency aid to combat Ebola and address longer-term recovery and prevention needs.
Although there have been signs of progress in parts of Libera, the latest report Wednesday from the World Health Organization shows a huge jump in confirmed Ebola cases in Sierra Leone, 533 new cases in the week ending Nov. 16. Much of the most intense transmission was in the capital of Freetown, the WHO said. In Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea, the three hardest hit countries in West Africa, the number of confirmed and suspected Ebola cases is 15, 113, including 5,406 deaths.
In an effort by the government of Sierra Leone to contain the spread of Ebola, special teams collect and bury victims suspected to have died from the virus. (Reuters)
Lena H. Sun is a national reporter for The Washington Post, focusing on health.

Most Americans Support Keystone XL Pipelinereddit
A bill to force authorization of the Keystone XL pipeline failed in the Senate on Tuesday, but most Americans support the proposal, according to a HuffPost/YouGov poll taken before that vote.
A 56 percent majority of Americans support building the pipeline to transport oil from Canada through the United States to oil refineries in Texas. Eighty-three percent of Republicans, 53 percent of independents and 40 percent of Democrats are in favor of it.
Proponents of the project feel more strongly than opponents: 31 percent support the pipeline strongly, while just 12 percent strongly oppose it.
Other recent polling shows similar levels of support for Keystone XL, which will likely resurface as an issue in the next session of Congress, when Republicans will hold the Senate majority. A USA Today survey released this week put approval of the pipeline at 60 percent, while a postelection Pew Research survey found 59 percent approval.
Despite the relatively bipartisan public support for Keystone and Sen. Mary Landrieu's (D-La.) sponsorship of the bill , the legislation is overwhelmingly viewed as a GOP proposal. Americans are about four times more likely to think of Keystone as being supported by Republicans in Congress as they are to say it has bipartisan support.
The Democratic Party holds a narrow edge on environmental issues more broadly, with 38 percent trusting Democrats more than other parties, 31 percent preferring Republicans, and another 31 percent -- mostly independents -- unsure. Just about 1 in 10 Americans, however, named the environment as one of the two issues most important to them before the midterm elections, and fewer than a third remembered it ever being mentioned in political ads or campaign mailers.
Americans are split in their backing for stricter environmental laws, with 40 percent saying they cost too many jobs and hurt the economy, 39 percent saying protecting the environment is worth the cost, and the remaining 21 percent unsure. (A Pew Research poll taken this summer , which asked the same question but didn't include an explicit "unsure" option, found that 56 percent said stricter regulations were worth the cost.)
The HuffPost/YouGov poll was conducted Nov. 14-17 among 1,000 U.S. adults using a sample selected from YouGov's opt-in online panel to match the demographics and other characteristics of the adult U.S. population. Factors considered include age, race, gender, education, employment, income, marital status, number of children, voter registration, time and location of Internet access, interest in politics, religion and church attendance.
The Huffington Post has teamed up with YouGov to conduct daily opinion polls. You can learn more about this project and take part in YouGov's nationally representative opinion polling. Data from all HuffPost/YouGov polls can be found here .
Also on HuffPost:

Nightmarish Sculptures Fuse Different Body Parts  And We Can t Look Awayreddit
Artist Jonathan Payne mixes body parts like a mad scientist. His grotesqueries -- and we mean that in a good way! -- fuse genitals, breasts, fingers, teeth, tongues and more into horrific mutations that look absolutely real. He calls them "Fleshlettes."
"The human body is familiar and beautiful and yet also wonderfully bizarre," Payne told The Huffington Post "Fleshlettes are a way for me to re-examine our unique qualities from a new and unfamiliar angle."
The sculptures are made from polymer clay, acrylics and hair, but we'll understand if your imagination wanders to a more sinister conclusion.
H/T Beautiful/Decay
More:

Gifts that keep on givingGreat gift — and a great investment?
Alina Dizik
About the author
Alina Dizik is a freelance journalist who covers consumer trends, careers, lifestyle and small business for national publications. Her work appears in the Wall Street Journal, Entrepreneur, Men's Journal and BBC.
Read more about these links.
Great gift —and an investment?
If you’ve ever sat in a room full of wrapping paper, staring at a pile of holiday gifts that you’re not sure you’ll use for very long, you’ve got a taste of how hard it is to shop for something meaningful. But not all holiday presents need to be so short-lived.
And some gifts can become serious investments. Anything from a luxury handbag to a piece of retro technology can grow in value over time and provide a neat financial return in the years ahead. Other gifts are an investment in wellbeing or professional growth.
Scroll through the images above for seven ideas to consider for a memorable gift that keeps on giving.
(Thinkstock)
Sentimental retro technology
Nostalgia can be a powerful incentive for collectors. That's one reason objects such as old typewriters and radios are fetching surprisingly high prices at resale.
One example: the Ettore Sottsass-designed “Valentine” typewriter from Olivetti, known as the Apple computer of the 1960s, which has become a trendy piece of decor. The red typewriter is available on eBay for $300 to $500 for collectors, but it’s also in the permanent collection of some museums including the Museum of Modern Art in New York. In 2013, a lot of seven Valentine typewriters in tip-top condition sold for $60,000 at a Sotheby's auction .
Other vintage gadgets including cameras and even cookware have become collectors’ items as well. Consider a vintage camera from collector marketplace Ruby Lane , which start at $25. While there’s no guarantee of selling price, many of the gadgets are becoming increasingly rare and are likely to increase in price over time, according to collectors.
(Joe Klamar/AFP/Getty Images)
For the love of cinema
Movie posters can become collector’s items over time. Posters from popular directors such as Quentin Tarantino or Martin Scorcese, and any Disney or Star Wars movies tend to appreciate in price, according to [movieposter.com](https://www.movieposter.com], an online movie poster retailer that publishes a guide for collectors.
In 2012, a poster from 1927 classic Metropolis was sold as part of a lot of other memorabilia that went for $1.2 million, with the poster being the main offering.
Posters that are printed specifically to promote the movie are the most valuable and regularly auctioned through smaller auction houses such as Heritage Auctions. This year, Christie’s launched its online-only auction of vintage film posters for movies such as Invasion of the Body Snatchers and the Invisible Boy.
Websites such as movieposter.com have a large inventory of original posters aimed at collectors.
(Francois Guillot/AFP/Getty Images)
A splash of colour on the walls
Most investors focus on purchasing original art, but prints can often have an unexpected payoff, said Lara Bjork, specialist at Artsy , a website that collaborates with art galleries to show artwork online. Since most prints are created in multiples and don’t require the legwork used to create the original painting, they can cost a fraction of the price of a painting.
If you want the gift to be an investment-worthy item, opt for prints of less than 100 copies. A print that’s signed and numbered by the artist is another indication the work will keep its value.
“The smaller the edition, the more scarce the work, and therefore the better the chance that the work will hold or increase its value,” said Bjork who recommends prints by artists John Baldessari and Mel Ramos . Browse websites such Artsy or online auction site Paddle8.com to purchase a print.
Prints are not always done by the artist, “the name of the print maker as well as the artist can be equally important,” she said. To authenticate the piece, look for signatures, gallery stamps from previous exhibitions and receipts. As for their future value? It depends. But this year, prints by iconic artists such as Andy Warhol were sold online through Christie’s for between $2,000 and $100,000.
(Leon Neal/AFP/Getty Images)
Grab that designer bag
Surprisingly, a luxury handbag can sometimes become an investment. High-end retailers such as the Hermes Group have been hiking the prices of designer handbags on an annual basis in order to create a more exclusive brand for consumers. For example, Chanel’s classic quilted flapbag cost $1,650 in 2005 and costs $4,900 in 2014, according to Racked , a retail blog.
And, the Hermes Birkin bag cost $4,000 in 2001, but now costs more than $10,000 and is almost always sold out. With a robust resale market and annual price increases, both new and gently used bags can grow in value over time.
In order for a bag to retain its value, it must be a classic style that’s sold season after season. It’s important to keep the bag in good condition, along with the authenticity card and original dustbag sold with each bag.
When you’re ready to sell, sites including Fashionphile.com and Ebay.com help users sell used designer handbags for about 30% commission. Last year, Christie’s International auction house started selling rare handbags through its online auctions. Bags from Hermes can be sold for more than 60% more than the purchase price, on average, according to Heritage Auctions in New York.
(Cindy Ord/Getty Images)
Meditate now, perform better later
Sitting quietly for reflection is no longer just practiced in the East. Honing your own meditation practice is an investment in yourself because it can actually help ramp up productivity in the workplace and improve health and well-being, studies show.
At work, meditation can help workers concentrate to make them more focused on a single task, according to a 2012 study at the University of Washington in Seattle, US. In the study, one-third of participants underwent meditation training, which kept the managers more focused on specific undertakings rather than jumping from one to the next, the researchers found.
Tech giants including Google, LinkedIn and Cisco offer employees mediation because it results in better work performance and increased Emotional Intelligence, which leads to better pay, according to Wired Magazine .
Meditation training website, headspace.com offers gift certificates ranging from $12.95 to $419.95 for monthly web-based mediation training by mindfulness expert and ordained Buddhist monk, Andy Puddicombe.
(Thinkstock)
A bottle of Bordeaux, anyone?
Fine wine not only tastes better over time, it often gets more expensive. Purchasing wine soon after it is bottled and storing it correctly and at the proper temperature can make it a great investment.
Not sure which wine to purchase? Investment website Wine Searcher , recommends wines from France’s Burgundy and Bordeaux regions along with bottles of Cabernet Sauvignon from California in the US. Online retailers such as [AWC-wine.com}(https://www.awc-wine.com) offer investment-grade bottles for sale. At AWC , en primeur or young Burgundy wines ranges from 206 euros to 3,071 euros ($258 to $3,845) per bottle.
When you’re ready to sell, search listings for a local wine broker who can help arrange the sale. For example, a Pichon Lalande red purchased for 105 euros ($130) when it was released in 1982, sold for 6,500 euros ($8,140) in 2012, according to the London International Vintners Exchange, which tracks the fine wine market.
Professional investors recommend selling bottles in sets of three or more and waiting about six to 10 years before selling. Read more on collecting and storing wine.
(Image: AWC-Wine.com)
Mapping out career and financial improvement
The best business books are no longer aimed at those with a business degree. Instead, they provide lifelong advice on anything from personal investing to a developing a career roadmap.
Zero to One: Notes on Startups, or How to Build the Future, by entrepreneur Peter Thiel and published in September, aims to give an entrepreneurial-minded reader an edge in the workplace. The book tops the best-seller lists because of its practical advice on tapping into the future of work. For wannabe entrepreneurs, this means paying less attention to the competition and focusing on a smaller defined market from the get-go.
Before writing the book with former student Blake Masters, Thiel taught a similar course at Stanford University in 2012. The notes from the course have gone viral and are available on Masters’ blog, who has since launched his own start-up.
Personal finance expert Manisha Thakor, recommends The Nature of Investing: Resilient Investment Strategies Through Biomimicry by investment expert Katherine Collins. Readers are encouraged to create a more meaningful investment strategy that focuses less on the principles provided by the financial industry and more on the natural world, she said.
For investors who feel removed from the increasingly rigorous fast-paced process of investing it helps build a “connection to your life” by drawing investment tips signalled by the behaviour of animals, she added.
(Thinkstock)

Gujarat government took all necessary steps to control riots: Nanavatiriots
"Whatever steps are required to be taken, we found that they were taken," Justice (retd.) G.T. Nanavati told The Hindu in an interview on Wednesday
The 2002 post-Godhra riots were “purely communal” in nature and erupted specifically as a reaction to the Sabarmati train burning incident. The Gujarat government and the police took all necessary steps to control the incidents, Justice (retd.) G.T. Nanavati, Chairman of the Nanavati Commission of Inquiry, told The Hindu in an interview on Wednesday.
“Whatever steps are required to be taken, we found that they were taken,” Mr. Nanavati said when asked if the State and the police had responded in an appropriate manner during the riots.
Read the full text of the interview with Justice Nanavati
On whether the Commission had given a clean chit to Mr. Modi, Mr. Nanavati refused to divulge the contents of the report. “That is a matter of the contents of the report and I would not like to disclose it at this stage. But I can only say that we have considered everything. At this stage, I cannot say if the report indicts Mr. Modi or not.”
In an indication that the Commission did not find any merit in the allegations against Mr. Modi, Mr. Nanavati said the panel saw “no justification” for calling him.
Asked why the panel had not summoned Mr. Modi even as a point of inquiry, he said: “What inquiry. If there are nine allegations against you and if I find that almost eight allegations are false and there is only some substance in one allegation, should I call you to appear before the Commission personally, if I can get answers in some other manner?”
Commenting on Mr. Modi’s role, he said, “Naturally, ultimately riots are initially required to be controlled by the police. So, obviously the police will be involved. The State being ultimately responsible for law and order, the State’s role is also to be considered. So, we have to consider the role of the police force, the bureaucrats and also the top persons... We examined whether there was negligence, connivance, abetment.”
Asked whether the panel saw the riots as spontaneous, Mr. Nanavati said: “It is a matter of inference and we have drawn the appropriate inference. The communal riots obviously happened because of the Godhra incident ... had the Godhra incident not happened, the riots would not have happened.”
The Commission Chairman remained non-committal on whether the riots were heinous or brutal. “I don’t know what you mean by one of the most heinous incidents, because I am not aware of all the incidents everywhere. [About] brutality also I cannot say because I am not aware of all the incidents.”

Price of Thanksgiving Dinner Rises: How to Split CostsPrice of Thanksgiving dinner rises – how to split the cost
Molly Blake TODAY contributor
Email
Now that your Thanksgiving menu is set, it’s time to brave the grocery store. But the traditional turkey meal can get pricey, particularly if family and friends are joining you for the feast.
The American Farm Bureau Federation’s 29th annual informal price survey of classic items found on the Thanksgiving Day dinner table indicates the average cost of this year’s feast for 10 is $49.41, a 37-cent price increase from last year’s average of $49.04.
“America’s farmers and ranchers remain committed to continuously improving the way they grow food for our tables, both for everyday meals and special occasions like Thanksgiving dinner that many of us look forward to all year,” federation Deputy Chief Economist John Anderson said. “We are blessed to be able to provide a special holiday meal for 10 people for about $5 per serving – less than the cost of most fast food meals.”
Video: Bobbie Lloyd from Magnolia Bakery shows Kathie Lee and Hoda how to prepare two pies that are perfect for Thanksgiving, pumpkin praline and caramel apple lattice pie.
The  shopping list, which hasn’t changed since the survey began in 1986, includes turkey, stuffing, sweet potatoes , rolls with butter, cranberry sauce and pumpkin pie with whipped cream . However, tack on any specialty or organic items, alcohol or last-minute trips to the store for forgotten tarragon or more butter and the cost can quickly skyrocket.
JJ Montanaro, a certified financial planner with USAA, says sharing the cost of Thanksgiving dinner with guests doesn’t have to be awkward or stressful.
“You’re more likely to spend quality time with your friends and family if you’re not worried about getting hammered by a big bill to make it all happen,” said Montanaro.
Besides stocking up on coupons to save a buck or two at checkout and choosing the least expensive or generic brand on basics like canned goods and starches, Montanaro suggests the host set expectations early about who is paying for what. Start the conversation now and “ask everyone who is coming to help out with a little piece of the festivities,” said Montanaro.
Turkey tips: Party bloggers dish advice for hosting Thanksgiving
For Kirsty Wherry, a 29-year-old stay-at-home mom, it started when she offered to host her Kansas City and Seattle, Wash., relatives at her North Carolina home for Turkey Day. They talked peas and potatoes, stuffing and dessert. After that it was all gravy. “When they arrived, they went right to the store, bought everything and cooked it at our house,” said Wherry.
17 Thanksgiving-inspired tablescapes
Decorate your Thanksgiving dinner with these beautiful expert ideas.
Jenny Kuckuk almost always treks to her sibling’s Wisconsin home for the November fete. When she arrives, Kuckuk insists on paying for the big-ticket items, like alcohol .
“In our family that can get expensive,” said Kuckuk, a 50-year-old artist from Vermont.
Another idea? Guests can order the turkey and pick it up on Wednesday. Drop it off with some fresh flowers or a dinner table centerpiece.
On the off chance that guests don’t offer unprompted, it’s best to be honest and forthcoming about asking them to pitch in.
“They are family and friends for a reason,” said Montanaro. “They will respect your financial reality.”
Help like cleaning and helping out with kids is also valuable to hosts. Northern Virginia stay-at-home mom Michelle Moll, 39, said she’s thankful so long as guests entertain her two busy little girls while she peacefully preps pumpkin pie. 
“That’s worth its weight in sweet potatoes.” 
Let's face it: Family can get awkward. On the year's biggest family holiday, celebrate the good, the bad and the weird with these awesome images.
Tags:

Reindeer Cop  Siberias answer to crimeA herd of deer grazes on pasture ground on the Yamal Peninsula, north of the Arctic circle, on Sept. 30, 2009. (Amie Ferris-Rotman/Reuters)
The antlered animals of Santa’s sleigh-pulling team may soon become Russia’s latest elite crime-fighting force.
Russian officials are considering outfitting local police units in the country’s Far North with reindeer in an effort to apprehend criminals in the frozen tundra, according to a report in Russia’s Izvestia newspaper.
The venture appears to have sprung from a problem identified in the Yamalo-Nenets region of Russia, where the vast majority of crimes reported in the first nine months of the year were committed by indigenous peoples in hard-to-reach areas of the tundra.
If only local police had a ready force of reindeer, authorities reasoned, they could better respond to those crimes.
Reindeer are more reliable and able than snowmobiles at navigating the remote areas where such crimes are taking place, according to a regional Interior Ministry official quoted in the Izvestia report.
It’s not the first time that Russia has considered deploying animals as part of its security strategy. The Defense Ministry already uses about 150 donkeys and mules as part of a mountain brigade.
And reindeer have proved their crime-fighting chops elsewhere: They are part of police operations in Finland, Russia’s neighbor.
Karoun Demirjian is a reporting fellow in The Post's Moscow bureau. She previously served as the Washington Correspondent for the Las Vegas Sun, and reported for the Associated Press in Jerusalem and the Chicago Tribune in Chicago.

Chennaiyin FC outplays Pune CityUpdated: November 20, 2014 00:48 IST
Chennaiyin FC outplays Pune City
K. Keerthivasan
Tweet
The Hindu
IN THE ACT AGAIN: Chennaiyin FC's Mendoza started the scoring with a wonderful effort in the 62nd minute as the home side defeated FC Pune City 3-1. Photo: R. Ragu
TOPICS
soccer
It replaces Atletico de Kolkata at the top of the table on number of goals
Chennaiyin FC dominated the contest against FC Pune City in a crucial Indian Super League football match at the Nehru Stadium here on Wednesday. The local side created more chances with its midfielders and strikers working in harmony throughout the match.
After missing half-a-dozen opportunities in the first half, Chennaiyin FC found its groove in the second — with the match heading for a draw — to script a 3-1 win over FC Pune City.
With the win, the host moves up to the top of the league standings with 16 points (goal difference +5) from nine matches. Even though Atletico de Kolkata also has 16 points and a goal-difference of +5 from the same number of matches, Chennaiyin FC is on top because of the number of goals scored — 17 to ATK’s 12.
Comfortable win
Chennaiyin FC will feel relieved after having broken its string of four consecutive draws and winning comfortably.
Chennaiyin FC played 4-3-1-2 at the start with Mendoza and Jeje up-front. Midway in the first half, the host suffered a major setback when Elano, its marquee player, left the field apparently due to an ankle injury.
Undaunted, the host attacked with vigour as Jeje and Mendoza made repeated inroads into rival half which is known for its solid defence.
Mendoza’s speed and energy, coupled with his attitude on the field, have made him a big hit with the fans. After Elano, Mendoza has been the most effective striker for Chennaiyin FC.
A wonderful 1-2 between Balwant and Mendoza resulted in the first goal as Mendoza chipped one over the on-rushing goalkeeper Arindam Bhattacharya.
Toothless frontline
FC Pune City seemed a pale shadow of its previous matches. The frontline was toothless, as was its defence and midfield.
Pune equalised through an own goal by Eric Djemba-Djemba.
A pass from the left by Davide Colomba was deflected home by the Cameroon midfielder.
Bruno Pelissari, who replaced Elano, came up with a wonderful goal to put the host 2-1 ahead. After side-stepping a defender, the 21-year-old, playing his third ISL match, unleashed a left-footer that changed track after touching the body of defender Bruno Cirillo.
Starting with 4-1-4-1 with David Trezeguet being the lone striker, Pune couldn’t stitch together one good move.
The marquee player couldn’t do much and was soon replaced by Dudu. Kostas Katsouranis, the midfielder, who played for Greece in the 2014 World Cup, also could not make an impact.
Chennaiyin FC toyed with the defence and the third goal by Jeje in the dying minutes of the match was an apt result for the home side.
The results: Chennaiyin FC 3 (Mendoza 62, Bruno Pelissari 70, Jeje 90) bt FC Pune City 1 (Eric Djemba-Djemba 70-og).

Sindhu loses at Hong Kong Super SeriesHong Kong, November 20, 2014
Updated: November 20, 2014 16:22 IST
Sindhu loses at Hong Kong Super Series
PTI
Tweet
AP
Sindhu went down 17-21, 21-13, 11-21 to lesser ranked Nozomi Okuhara in the women’s singles match at Hong Kong Super Series.
TOPICS
badminton
Ace Indian shuttler P V Sindhu suffered a three game loss to lesser ranked Nozomi Okuhara of Japan in the second round of $350,000 Hong Kong Super Series in Kowloon here on Thursday.
Sindhu, a two-time bronze medallist at the World Championship, could not play her usual game and went down 17-21, 21-13, 11-21 to Okuhara in a women’s singles match that lasted more than an hour.
The only time Sindhu faced Okuhara was in Badminton Asia Youth Under-19 Championships in 2012 and the Indian had beaten the Japanese then in a close three-game match but she couldn’t do it this time.
Sindhu was no match for her rival in the opening game as Okuhara led throughout after reeling off eight straight points at 4-3. Sindhu narrowed the gap to 17-19 but the Japanese soon pocketed the game without much ado.
In the second game, Sindhu changed her tactics and zoomed to a 6-2 lead in a jiffy and then jumped to 12-5 with the help of six straight points. The Indian maintained the distance to roar back into contest.
The decider begun on a competitive note as both the shuttlers fought hard for each point and moved neck and neck with Sindhu managing a one-point lead at the interval. But she crumbled after the breather as Okuhara registered 11 points on a trot to bang the door on the Indian.

Ranbaxy bid to block launch of rival generic drugs overturnedMumbai/New York, November 20, 2014
Updated: November 20, 2014 17:37 IST
Ranbaxy bid to block launch of rival generic drugs overturned
Reuters
pharmaceutical
A U.S. court has denied a request by Indian drugmaker Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd to stop competitors from launching copies of AstraZeneca Plc's heartburn pill Nexium and Roche's antiviral Valcyte, a court filing showed.
Ranbaxy had sought the restraining order against Dr Reddy's Laboratories and U.S. firm Endo International Plc in a lawsuit it filed against the U.S. Food and Drug Administration last week for revoking tentative approvals to launch Nexium and Valcyte copies in the United States, its largest market.
U.S. District Judge Beryl Howell in Minneapolis denied Ranbaxy's request, the court filing showed. The company, which is being acquired by larger local rival Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd for $3.2 billion, declined to comment on the case.
Analysts had expected generic Nexium to add about $150 million to Ranbaxy's overall sales in the first six months of its launch, while generic Valcyte was seen adding about $50 million to sales.
Earlier this month, the FDA told Ranbaxy it had made an error in granting the company tentative approval to launch the drugs, citing manufacturing quality lapses at Ranbaxy's India plants.
Ranbaxy and the FDA have until Nov. 21 to submit a schedule for further proceedings in the case, the filing showed.
Ranbaxy shares were down 1.6 percent at 592.90 rupees at 0444 GMT on Thursday, while the wider Mumbai market was up 0.1 percent.

American Horror Story: Freak Show recap - Test of StrengthBy Lauren McEwen November 20
Pictured: (L-R) Michael Chiklis as Dell Toledo, Denis O’Hare as Stanley. CR: Michele K. Short/FX
From the second “Test of Strength” begins, it is clear that someone is going to die. The body count has been relatively low in the past few episodes and Jimmy Darling just kept trying his luck.
First, he goes up to Dandy’s playroom to rescue the twins. Bette insists that they are being treated well and even repeats Dandy’s lie about the night Twisty died, accusing Jimmy of dishonestly taking the credit for killing the homicidal clown and saving the kids. Jimmy realizes that Dandy was the masked clown who tried to saw Maggie Esmeralda in half. He demands that the twins return to the carnival grounds with him.
In an attempt to get the twins to stay, Dandy stupidly tells Dot that he knows about her dream of being surgically separated from her sister (Jimmy’s pointed “Because you’d never cut a girl in half…” was perfect) and she realizes that he has read her diary. Incensed by the invasion of privacy, she agrees to go back with Jimmy and Bette chooses to stand by her sister. The three of them manage to leave the Motts’ mansion without getting the business end of Dandy’s knife, but he seethes at the sight of them walking out of the door.
Once back at the fairgrounds, Jimmy angrily practices his rendition of Nirvana’s “Come As You Are,” insisting that the song will be a part of his act, no matter what Elsa says. Naturally, she disapproves, but Jimmy’s too angry to pretend that this fight is about the show. He accuses her of selling the twins “like pets,” but Dot steps in and lies for Elsa. She tells the group that Elsa took she and her sister to Dandy at her request. Dot says that she and Bette wanted to experience “the finer things in life” and that Elsa made it clear that they were welcome to return to the troupe whenever they wished. Elsa is grateful for the save, but she knows that it comes at a cost. Now she just has to wait for the twins to state their price.
A few towns over, Dell goes to High Noon (the bar from “Pink Cupcakes”) hoping ot find Andy. He becomes so furious when the bartender advises him to “never fall in love with a hustler” that he repeatedly slams the man’s head into the bar. Stanley just so happens to be there and, sensing that Dell could prove useful in his plan to kill one of the carnies and sell the remains to the Morbidity Museum, he decides to blackmail the strong man.
Dell has repeatedly proven himself to be capable of extreme violence. When Ethel and Desiree show up to the kind doctor’s office for Ethel’s appointment they find a handwritten closed sign taped to the window. Inside, one of the doctor’s daughters is packing up her father’s things. After Dell broke the surgeon’s hands (His daughter believes that he broke them himself), he committed suicide. Of course, she blames her father’s death on the carnies, saying that their “very existence challenged his beliefs in God and science.” That is a serious reach, but either way, Desiree and Ethel leave, saddened at the news of his death and the fact that neither of them will be able to get the medical attention that they seek.
All of Dell’s past misdeeds come full circle this episode. After witnessing the episode at the bar, Stanley follows Dell back to the fairgrounds. He makes a few pointedly homophobic jokes and then invites Dell to High Noon for a drink. Always ready to resort to violence, Dell attempts to hit him with the mallet from the carnival’s strongman game, but Maggie Esmeralda intervenes. Stanley makes a comment about having witnesses handy when attempting to blackmail an exceedingly strong, incredibly angry man and invites him to a tent to chat.
Once they’re alone, Stanley threatens to out Dell if he doesn’t help him kill one of the carnies. He instructs him to kill one of the performers and bring the body to that random barn that he and Maggie Esmeralda are using.
Stanley doesn’t tell Dell whom to kill, but Maggie Esmeralda’s not taking any chances. Her partner has been fixated on Jimmy’s hands for a while now, and she doesn’t want to see her boo dead. She tries once again to convince Jimmy to come away, but he doesn’t want to leave until he has proof that Dandy was the second clown.
Despite their previous run-ins, Dell doesn’t go after Jimmy. Instead, he sneaks into Amazon Eve’s trailer and tries to knock her out with what appears to be chloroform. Big mistake. Amazon Eve wakes up, beats Dell to a pulp and throws him out of her trailer. The next day, Ethel and some of the other women help Eve soak her swollen hands and make plans to take care of Dell. Jimmy wants to report Dell to the police, but Ethel, who has lost all faith in the outside world thanks to the doctor’s death, wants to kill him. She refuses to let Dell get away with hurting a member of the troupe, but agrees to let Jimmy try to handle Dell first.
Over at Elsa’s tent, the twins set the rest of Dot’s plan into motion. They don’t intend on going to Hollywood with Stanley, or “Richard Spencer,” as they know him. Instead, Bette gives Elsa her demands. She wants to be a comedian, eat caviar for breakfast and dye her hair blonde. Dot telepathically urges her to ask for 20 percent of the box office sales, plus the money that Gloria paid for them. When Elsa asks for Dot’s input, she ups their percentage to 50.
Jimmy goes into town with Dell for a drink. He warns Dell about the women’s plan to kill him and Dell claims that he went to Amazon Eve’s trailer to pitch an idea for a strong man/strong woman act. Jimmy doesn’t exactly buy his story, nor does he care about Dell’s welfare, but he insists that the troupe has had enough drama.
Things take a sympathetic turn when Dell asks Jimmy about the leather gloves he wears in public in order to hide his hands. He tells a story about a rabbit coat he made for Ma Petite one winter that they spent in Wisconsin. Those months in the cold were special for Jimmy because, for once, his gloves didn’t stand out. Dell takes the gloves and tells Jimmy that he has nothing to be ashamed of, threatening to beat up anyone who says any different.
Jimmy, who has never been much of a drinker, has one shot too many and rushes to the alley to vomit. Dell pretends to check on him, picking up a brick while Jimmy’s back is turned. He is just about to strike when Jimmy confronts him. He knows that Dell is his father, having heard stories from old carnies about the “Famous Toledo Lobster Clan.” Dell admits that it’s the truth and the two embrace.
Things aren’t nearly as warm at Penny’s house. She intends to pack her things and move in with Paul, but her father has other ideas. He is still furious that she would sully his name by loving a “freak,” but he won’t allow her to totally destroy his reputation. He’s an electrician and people have to trust him enough to leave him in their homes alone and blah, blah, blah. He’s enlisted the help of his tattooed “friend,” Morris, to give her a “proper sendoff.”
She should probably have run then, but unfortunately, she stays. Somehow, her father and Morris drug her and get her onto the couch. When she awakes, she discovers that Morris has covered her face in lizard skin-like tattoos and forked her tongue. We don’t see much of Penny on this show, but when we do, she’s usually being abused or assaulted. It’s wretched. She goes back to the carnival, where a distraught Paul welcomes her with a hug.
Meanwhile, Elsa slips Dot a note, asking her what she plans to do with her share of the extorted money. She offers to help Dot reach her end goal. With no hesitation, Dot tells Elsa about the doctor in Chicago and the surgery she plans to have. In order to get the twins out of her hair, Elsa tries to recruit Stanley’s help to locate the doctor, but he has other ideas. He suggests that they put the twins out of their misery, but Ethel interrupts by bringing in some dessert. It’s unclear how much of their conversation she overheard, but Elsa definitely seems open to the idea of killing the twins.
Stanley won’t have to wait that long for his payday, though. Inspired by Jimmy’s story of the rabbit fur coat, Dell buys Ma Petite a new dress. She excitedly tries it on and goes to give him a hug. Dell snaps her neck and soon, her body is on display in the Morbidity Museum. Jimmy lives to see another day, but this death hurt just as much.

India added 18 mn mobile phones users last quarter: Ericsson ReportJaguar Land Rover launches new variant of Jaguar XF at Rs 45.12 lakh
India is leading mobility growth globally and has the fastest growth for new mobile subscriptions with 18 million net additions in Q3 2014, according to the Ericsson Mobility Report. This is a substantial chunk of the 180 million connections added globally, just under rest of Asia (excluding China) and Africa as a whole, and largest for any country.
However, the most interesting aspect of this growth will be that by 2020, 45 per cent of the country’s population will be covered by LTE. At present the number under LTE in India is insignificant. By then, more than 95 per cent of the Indian population will be covered through GSM/EDGE technology, and over 90 per cent on WCDMA/HSPA networks, says the report. Globally, the growth of LTE will be at the cost GSM/EDGE, shows the report.
The report says “mobile data user demographics are evolving fast in India, with mobile broadband starting to bridge the digital divide  between the rural and urban populations”. “Mobile data usage and services are becoming increasingly mainstream, with a growing proportion of people from lower-income groups now downloading apps and streaming video content from the internet using mobile devices,” it adds.
The report shows that mobile usage is becoming increasingly data driven. In fact, mobile broadband users now send 40 out of every 100 messages through instant messaging apps, rather than SMS, thanks to lower cost, ease of use, ease of content sharing, and a better overall user experience.
Similarly, on an average, 3G smartphone users download 10 new apps per month, of which chat and gaming apps account for more than 35 percent while 61 percent of mobile broadband users are more willing to pay extra for an improved indoor connectivity experience, 80 per cent of mobile broadband users in India want to pay more for rich experience indoors.
TAGS: India Mobile Phone Users
More from industry

Godman Rampal produced in courtUpdated: November 21, 2014 11:47 IST
Rampal remanded in custody
Tweet
The Hindu
Self-styled godman Sant Rampal is brought for medical examination at the General Hospital in Panchkula on Thursday. Photo: Akhilesh Kumar
The Hindu
Self-styled godman Sant Rampal undergoes medical examination at the Panchkula Government Hospital on Thursday. Photo: Akhilesh Kumar
TOPICS
law enforcement
The court cancelled his bail in a 2006 murder case and directed his immediate arrest
Self-styled godman Rampal was remanded in judicial custody till November 28 by the Punjab and Haryana High Court on Thursday even as the police slapped fresh charges of murder and violence against him for the standoff between his supporters and the police at the Satlok Ashram in Barwala, Hisar.
“I want to say that two other cases have been registered in Barwala and these pertain to murder. The six deaths that occurred [inside the ashram of an infant and five women) have been covered in these two cases,” Director General of Police, Haryana, S.N. Vashisht said.
A Special Investigation Team (SIT) headed by Superintendent of Police, Hisar, is searching the ashram for more evidence. Mr. Vashisht said the SIT would submit its report within a day or two.
Earlier in the day, the High Court cancelled the bail granted to Rampal in a 2006 murder case and directed his immediate arrest. The Advocate General submitted before the Division Bench of Justices M. Jeyapaul and Darshan Singh that Rampal had been arrested from his Barwala ashram on Wednesday night in a contempt of court case and hence be produced in court on Thursday morning itself. The Bench directed Rampal to be presented at 2 p.m.
Sant Rampal in prisoner's cell at Sector 5 police station before he was taken by police to produce before Punjab & Haryana High Court in Chandigarh on November 20, 2014. Photo: Akhilesh Kumar
Rampal was brought to the court around 1.30 p.m amid heavy security. Giving details of the hearing, amicus curiae Anupam Gupta said the Division Bench directed the Haryana Director General of Police to submit by November 28, a detailed report on the operation that took place at the ashram to arrest Rampal, the casualties suffered, the injuries caused and the recovery of arms and ammunition.
The Bench further asked the Haryana Chief Secretary to submit a report regarding the properties owned by the godman.
Mr. Vashisht said the ashram had been fully evacuated. Around 4,000 people, including 1,500 women, were removed on Thursday and put on buses for their journey back home.
The police have so far arrested 459 people, including 118 of Rajasthan, 116 of Haryana, 72 of Madhya Pradesh, 10 of Bihar, 83 of Uttar Pradesh and three of Nepal, for the violence in the ashram. Those arrested include Babita, the daughter of Baljit, a close associate of the godman.
The police have also recovered a laptop, six mobile phones, and 10 hard disks, besides five files.

Flash memory breaches nanoscalesUpdated: November 20, 2014 09:44 IST
Flash memory breaches nanoscales
OVEL APPROACH: A route to building molecular flash memory devices has been suggested.
TOPICS
research
In what is considered a breakthrough in computing hardware, a team of scientists from Glasgow has proposed a way to harvest molecules and construct nano-sized non-volatile (permanent) storage devices, also known as flash memory devices. In a letter published in Nature today (November 20), Christoph Busche of WestCHEM School of Chemistry, University of Glasgow, and 12 others have written about their efforts to engineer molecular flash memory using nanoscale polyoxometalate clusters instead of the conventional metal-oxide semiconductor (MOS) devices.
The challenge
It is a great challenge to reduce the size of conventional MOS flash memories to sizes below ten nanometres. This poses a problem when one tries to build small flash memory devices. Hence other options have been pursued for quite some time, including those using proteins and other molecules. However, using these molecular memories involved integrating them with the MOS technologies, which was proving to be difficult and several candidates had been tried and found wanting in this attempt. The Glasgow group, headed by Leroy Cronin, has found a suitable candidate in the polyxometalate molecules.
When such a molecule is doped with the selenium derivative [(Se(IV)O3)2]2- a new type of oxidisation state (5+) is observed for the selenium. This new oxidation state can be observed at the device level, and this can be used as a memory.
Device simulation
The authors demonstrate this using a device simulation. Their work suggests a route to building molecular flash memory devices.
Flash memory is in everyday usage now. It is used in digital cameras, USBs and various other places. Unlike a computer’s RAM, which is volatile — meaning that the memory stored in it will dissipate once power supply is broken — a flash memory can retain what is written on it even when power supply is discontinued. For that reason it is called a non-volatile memory. So long, flash memories have been constituted using MOS technologies. This paper now suggests a new way of going beyond its nanoscale limitations.

Indias online shoppers to touch 100 million by 2016: Studyonline
Of the 100 million online shoppers, about 40 million are expected to be women.
With 100 million Indians expected to shop online by 2016, e-commerce sector in the country will grow to be a $15 billion market in two years, according to a report by Google and Forrester Consulting.
“The consumer confidence to shop online has grown significantly in the last year and a half. About 8 million people were shopping online in 2012 and the number this year is expected to be 35 million. By 2016, online shopper base will grow almost three times to 100 million, and over 50 million new buyers will come from tier I and II cities,” Google India Managing Director Rajan Anandan said.
India's etailing market is at an inflection point and will see rapid growth to become a $15 billion market by 2016, he added.
According to the research conducted across 6,859 respondents, the confidence to shop online is on the rise as 71 per cent non-buyers (respondents) from tier I and II cities said they plan to shop online in the next 12 months.
Additionally, of the 100 million online shoppers, about 40 million are expected to be women. Already, women buyers in tier I cities are driving growth, outspending men by 2X.
“Women buyers are set to become the most significant contributor to the growth of online shopping and there is a huge opportunity waiting to be unlocked in this user segment,” Google India Industry Director for Ecommerce (Local and Classifieds) Nitin Bawankule said.
Amongst the challenges, the report pointed out, 62 per cent buyers said they were not satisfied with their online shopping experience, while 67 per cent highlighted the current return process was too complicated and expensive.
Among non-buyers, trust was a major issue with 55 per cent saying they did not trust the quality of products sold online, were concerned about safety of online transactions (63 per cent) and did not feel comfortable sharing personally identifiable information online (65 per cent).
About 66 per cent of total respondents said poor connectivity was also a major barrier for them to shop online.

Reese Witherspoon slams Renee Zellwegers facecriticsSpeaking about the speculation surrounding Zellweger's face, Witherspoon told the Hollywood Reporter that such attention to female star's appearance bothers her "immensely".
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: November 20, 2014 5:43 pm
Actress Reese Witherspoon has slammed the negative comments about Renee Zellweger’s face, saying such attention is “cruel and disrespectful”.
Zellweger’s changed appearance during an Hollywood event had sparked plastic surgery rumours which the actress attributed to a relaxed lifestyle.
Speaking about the speculation surrounding Zellweger’s face, Witherspoon told the Hollywood Reporter that such attention to female star’s appearance bothers her “immensely”.
“It’s horrible. It’s cruel and rude and disrespectful, and I can go on and on and on. It bothers me immensely,” Witherspoon said of the critics.
“I know this is so Pollyanna of me, but why – and it’s particularly women – why do they have to tear women down? And why do we have to tear other women down to build another woman up? It drives me crazy.
“Like, this one looks great without her makeup but that one doesn’t look good without her makeup, and it’s all just a judgment and assault that I don’t – look, men are prey to it as well. I just don’t think it’s with the same sort of ferocity,” the ‘Wild’ star stated.
Zellweger addressed the rumours surrounding her changed appearance by saying that a “fulfilling life” may be behind her relaxed looks.
“I’m glad folks think I look different! I’m living a different, happy, more fulfilling life, and I’m thrilled that perhaps it shows. People don’t know me in my 40s. People don’t know me healthy for a while. Perhaps I look different. Who doesn’t as they get older?! Ha. But I am different. I’m happy,” she had told People magazine.

SIT to probe cases against Rampal  most followers leaveAshramPrint
ontroversial religious leader Sant Rampal stands by the door of a police van as he is brought to a court, surrounded by police personnel in Chandigarh, India, Thursday. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Barwala | Posted: November 20, 2014 5:39 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 5:44 pm
Haryana Police on Thursday ordered setting up of a Special Investigation Team to probe certain cases registered in the wake of the tense two-week stand-off inside ‘godman’ Rampal’s Satlok Ashram here.
“A Special Investigation Team (SIT) headed by Hisar SP (Satender Kumar Gupta) will investigate some cases. Two DSPs and four Inspectors and others too will be part of the SIT,” Inspector General of Police (Hisar Range) A K Rao told PTI.
Over 35 fresh cases, including that of sedition, have been slapped against 63-year-old Rampal and his followers that include his key aides.
A total of 460 persons have been arrested so far on various charges in connection with the stand-off that came to an end last night with the arrest of Rampal from his Ashram.
Security personnel today entered the Ashram and also allowed entry to the mediapersons even as more followers were flushed out from the premises, whose main gate was opened in the afternoon.
“We have now got a search warrant from the court and a thorough and proper search will be conducted,” he said, adding most of the followers who had been holed up had come out.
Rao hoped a few who were still inside would leave and the authorities would facilitate them to reach their destinations.
“Our main aim was to execute the High Court’s Non-Bailable Warrant against Rampal and to ensure safety and security of the innocent lives,” he said.
Rao said police would thoroughly check the Ashram premises and it had already got several photos of the suspects who had created trouble on Tuesday and would see if these match with anymore followers who are found still inside the sprawling 12 acre campus.
As mediapersons were allowed entry to the Ashram, some followers who were still inside narrated that Rampal’s staunch supporters and private commandos had been putting pressure on them not to leave as police would arrest them.
Inside the sprawling complex, massive arrangements could be seen in place for accommodating thousands of followers.
Stocks of food items too could be seen lying inside while several water bottles and other items lay scattered.
In view of winter, arrangements for large number of followers to sleep comfortably too had been made.
A large swimming pool was found inside and amenities to ensure comfortable stay of Rampal and his key functionaries inside the Ashram could be seen.
CCTV cameras and metal detectors to check the followers of Rampal, who had some ex-servicemen and retired policeman among his staunch supporters, were also found installed at various points in the Ashram.
Before launching full-scale operation to search the Ashram for objectionable items, including arms and ammunition, police said continued…

Mahinda Rajapaksa calls for snap polls; seeks third 6-yeartermPrint
Mahinda Rajapaksa.
By: Press Trust of India | Colombo | Posted: November 20, 2014 6:10 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 10:03 pm
Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa called early elections today, seeking an unprecedented third six-year term in office amid signs of a drop in popularity and demands of his powers to be curbed. Rajapaksa – who was elected in 2005 and in 2010 – called for snap elections, a full two years before his tenure ends.
His proclamation to seek re-election was issued at an auspicious hour, presidential officials said. “I am declaring a secret today. I have signed the proclamation calling for the election for re-election for the third time… That is democracy,” Rajapaksa said on state television.
A message on the Rajapaksa’s twitter account said he signed the proclamation declaring his intention to hold a presidential election seeking another term. Rajapaksa, 69, became eligible to call an election yesterday after completing the mandatory four years in his second term.
Elections Commissioner Mahinda Deshapriya’s office said the presidential proclamation has been received and the due nominations procedure would follow. The election is likely to be held in early January. Under the country’s constitution, the president may call elections four years into a term. The Supreme Court upheld this law earlier this month, paving the way for his announcement.
Rajapaksa’s decision came amid signs that he and his party were politically vulnerable. In local elections in September, his United People’s Freedom Alliance suffered its worst losses, losing roughly 20 per cent support among voters. Yesterday, his ally, the National Heritage Party (JHU), announced that it was exiting the government. As the main party of Buddhist monks, its departure could damage his support in a country where Buddhists comprise nearly 70 per cent of its population of 21.8 million.
The JHU attributed Rajapaksa’s grip on power as a reason for its decision to leave the government, echoing an oft-voiced criticism by the opposition. Rajapaksa narrowly won elections in 2005. Six years later, he and his party clinched an overwhelming victory, after his government’s success in defeating the LTTE in 2009, ending more than a quarter century of civil war.
However, his presidency has faced increasing scrutiny since 2010 when he changed the constitution, giving himself more executive powers and reversing a campaign promise to scrap a two-term limit. For the first time since Sri Lanka gained independence in 1978, the president of the island nation has announced he will be seeking an unprecedented third term.
The President has already kicked off his re-election bid with posters carrying his portrait appearing throughout the island since yesterday. The next step is for the Elections Commissioner to accept nominations. The candidates must file their nominations between 16 and
22 days from today. A minimum 28-day period will thereafter be allowed for campaigning.
The main opposition challenger to Rajapaksa will be named soon, opposition sources said.

Roger Federer declared fit to play for DavisCupFederer will face Tsonga in the reverse singles with Wawrinka playing Monfils in the potentially deciding fifth match. (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | Posted: November 20, 2014 6:02 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 6:09 pm
Switzerland’s Roger Federer, who has been hampered by back problems, has been named to play in the second singles rubber of the Davis Cup final against France’s Gael Monfils on Friday, organisers announced on Thursday.
The 17-time grand slam champion, looking to give Switzerland their maiden title in the team competition, withdrew from the ATP World Tour final against Novak Djokovic last Sunday.
But the world number two trained on Thursday at Lille’s Pierre Mauroy stadium, where the tie will be played on clay.
Switzerland’s world number four Stan Wawrinka will open proceedings against Jo-Wilfried Tsonga on Friday.
Switzerland captain Severin Luthi named Marco Chiudinelli and Michael Lammer to play in Saturday’s doubles against Julien Benneteau and Richard Gasquet but he has until one hour before the start of the match to change his lineup.
Federer will face Tsonga in the reverse singles with Wawrinka playing Monfils in the potentially deciding fifth match.
France are trying to win the Davis Cup for the 10th time, having last lifted the title in 2001. They lost in their last two finals against Russia in 2002 and Serbia in 2010.
The team led by captain Arnaud Clement beat holders Czech Republic in the semi-finals while Switzerland defeated Italy.

WHO: Ebola transmission intense in SierraLeonePrint
FILE - In this file photo taken on Sept. 24, 2014, nurse Dalila Martinez, trainer of the Cuban medical team to travel to Sierra Leone, enters a tent during a practice drill at a training camp, in Havana, Cuba. A member of the 165-member medical team Cuba sent to fight Ebola in Sierra Leone has been diagnosed with the disease, according to state media. State media said that Dr Felix Baez Sarria an internal medicine specialist, came down with a fever of more than 100 degrees on Sunday, Nov. 16, 2014, and was diagnosed with Ebola the following day. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Sierra Leone | Posted: November 20, 2014 6:01 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 7:39 pm
The spread of Ebola remains “intense” in most of Sierra Leone even as things have improved somewhat in the two other countries hardest hit, the World Health Organization says.
Some 168 new confirmed cases emerged in a single week in Sierra Leone’s capital of Freetown recently, according to a WHO report.
“The numbers are still rising and the transmission is persistent and widespread,” said Amadu Kamara, the U.N.’s Ebola crisis manager in Sierra Leone. “Rapid and coordinated response are needed to overcome the spread of the Ebola disease.”
The WHO report released late Wednesday indicated that Sierra Leone had the lowest percentage of Ebola patients who had been isolated — only 13 percent. By comparison, that figure was 72 percent in Guinea.
The disease is spread through direct physical contact with the bodily fluids of sick people and bodies, making it crucial that those who are contagious are placed into isolation.
Health officials are aiming to isolate at least 70 percent of the sick, a target Kamara acknowledged was still far out of reach.
“Progress is slow and we are falling short, and we need to accelerate our efforts,” he said.
WHO has said that at least 1,250 people, including seven of the country’s doctors, have died in Sierra Leone since the outbreak there began earlier this year.
Ebola is blamed for more than 5,400 deaths in Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea.
By comparison, the report said cases appear “to have stabilized” over the last four weeks in Liberia. Still, Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf warned people to keep up their vigilance even though she said the country now has “the upper hand.”
“Our government remains concerned that progress in this battle will lead to complacency on the part of the international community,” she said Wednesday. “It must continued…

Only BJP can bring about complete integration of J&K: AmitShahBy: Press Trust of India | Ramban | Posted: November 20, 2014 5:58 pm
Only Bharatiya Janata Party can bring about “complete integration” of Jammu and Kashmir with rest of India, party chief Amit Shah on Thursday said, without directly raking up its pet theme of abrogation of Article 370 that gives special status to the state. “These elections are crucial as far as the complete integration of the state of Jammu and Kashmir with the rest of the country is concerned. Only a BJP government can make it happen,” he said while addressing an election rally in support of party candidate Neelam Langeh in Ramban.
BJP, for which abrogation of Article 370 has been one of the core issues, has soft-pedalled the issue in the current elections. But BJP and the Sangh Parivar have always maintained that there can be “completely integration” of Jammu and Kashmir with the country only when Article 370 of the Constitution is scrapped. Reaching out to people of Chenab valley, Shah sought their support to realise the dream of “complete integration of the state with rest of the country”.
“We want complete integration of the state of Jammu and Kashmir with the rest of the country and the people of the state will have to help us in realising this dream,” he said. Hitting out at Congress and NC for “lack of development” in J-K in the past six decades, the BJP resident demanded an enquiry into utilisation of funds in the state. Appealing the people to help the party achieve its mission 44+ in the state, Shah said that if people of the state want development, good governance and employment, they must vote for BJP.
“Narendra Modi has a dream for this state to develop it. To bring development to the doorsteps of the people and now it’s your turn to help us achieve our mission of 44+ in the state assembly,” Shah said. BJP is targeting to win at least 44 seats in the 87-member Assembly.

Pak. dismisses reports of Sharif rejecting Indian bullet-proof carssummit
Pakistan on Thursday dismissed reports that Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has rejected the bullet-proof cars being provided by India for the next week’s SAARC summit in Kathmandu, saying no such offer was made.
“No such offer was made so there was no question of turning down the offer,” Foreign Office spokeswoman Tasnim Aslam told reporters during her weekly briefing.
She also said that Mr. Sharif will attend the summit next week in Kathmandu.
Earlier reports quoting a Nepalese official said that Mr. Sharif will bring his own car after he rejected to use Indian bullet-proof car.
India will provide six sophisticated cars to ferry the world leaders during the SAARC summit.
SAARC summit will be held from November 26 to 27 in Nepalese capital of Kathmandu. Nepal will chair the summit of the regional grouping, which has Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, the Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka as its members.

Ask Matt: Which retailer will win holidaysGetty
Q: Which retailer will win the holidays?
A: The fourth quarter is the make-or-break period for most retailers. And investors certainly have their favorites for this holiday season.
There are eight retailers in the Russell 1000 index that investors are currently expecting to post 30% or higher adjusted profit in the fourth calendar quarter, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ. Such strong growth is notable as the average earnings growth of the retailers in the index expected to report a profit in the fourth quarter is 12.3%.
Which retailers are seen as dominating the holidays in terms of earnings growth? Discount retailer Big Lots (BIG) is to be the big winner.  Analysts are calling for the company to report 80% higher adjusted profit during the period of $1.76 a share. It appears to be mostly a cost-cutting win, since analysts are also expecting revenue during the period to fall 3%.
Among the mega retailers, Target (TGT) is a standout. Analysts are calling for the company’s adjusted profit for the fourth quarter to jump by more than 30% to $1.21 a share. And that’s quite a feat given that analysts see revenue rising a much more moderate 2.8% to $22.1 billion. It won’t be long now and we’ll know for sure if analysts were right.
RETAILERS IN RUSSELL 1000 EXPECTED TO POST GREATEST ADJ. EARNINGS GROWTH IN FOURTH CALENDAR QUARTER
Company

Many hues of artistryUpdated: November 20, 2014 18:50 IST
Many hues of artistry
Aditi Bhagwat’s Kathak performance
Special Arrangement
An Odissi group choreography by Nrityanthar
Special Arrangement
music
Impressive music and dance performances by up-and-coming artistes were the highlight of the Kalabharati National Music and Dance Fest in Kochi.
Kalabharathi National Music and Dance Fest, which showcased young, promising dancers, proved to be a crowd puller. The first day opened with a Bharatanatyam recital by Pavitra Krishna Bhatt who presented an Alarippu in Gambheera Natta. He followed it up with a neatly choreographed varnam in Reethigowla. The cleverly executed arudis and adavus were marked with vigour and dexterity. The dancer dramatically portrayed the episodes in the life of Krishna, especially those of the killing of Poothana and his lifting of Govardhana. However, the varnam was truncated at the expense of eliminating the ettugada swaras. Pavitra later presented a bhava piece ‘Vazhi Maraithirikkuthe’ from Gopalakrishna Bharathi’s ‘Nandanar Charitham’ in which Nandanar laments over his plight because he is unable to see Lord Shiva’s idol in Chidambaram as the huge idol of Nandi blocks his view.
‘Saali naach’ was Prathibha Sharma’s main piece in her presentation of Sattriya. The folk elements and flavour of the music added charm to this dance from Assam.
Geeta Padmakumar was the only dancer in the festival who performed with live musicians and that made a world of difference. After ‘Ananda narathana Ganapathi’, she depicted the goddess and her form in ‘Kanchadalayatakshi’. She portrayed the rasa of ‘Vatsalya’ in two pieces — ‘Bhavayami Gopalabalam’ and ‘Jo jo achuthananda’.
Aditi Bhagwat’s Kathak recital was the performance that appealed to the audience the most. Apart from mastery over the idiom of her dance, it was her verve in interacting and involving the audience in the artistic experience that won her accolades. She presented ‘Uthaan’ in Drut lay in three variations. Strong footwork and rhythmic cadence were the hallmarks of the performance. Aditi, also an actor in Marathi movies, proved her mettle in abhinaya in a thumri ‘Jamuna mein kaise jaaon mein saiyan’. The tatkar bols and Aditi’s precision in movements in a ‘Tarana’ made it a visual treat.
On the third day, singer Sithara took the audience on a musical journey of film music and ghazals, exploring the sentiments of love, longing and happiness. More than her own interpretation of the popular numbers, she presented the songs as a tribute to the masters. Hence she had pieces from Abida Parveen, Ghulam Ali (‘Awargi’), Pankaj Udhas (‘Deewaron se’) and Baburaj hits such as ‘Thaliritta Kinakkal’ and ‘Asthamana Kadalin’.
An Odissi group choreography on the same day by Nrityanthar saw a presentation of ‘Panchabhoothas’. However it lacked professionalism in the choreography. ‘Adharam Madhuram’ portrayed the pranks of Krishna which left much to be desired in expression and grace.
The event was organised by Kalabharathi, in association with Changampuzha Samskarika Kendram.

Kotak Mahindra Bank to acquire ING Vysya BankUpdated: November 21, 2014 01:40 IST
ING Vysya Bank to merge with Kotak Mahindra Bank
Oommen A. Ninan
Tweet
PTI
Uday Kotak, Executive Vice-Chairman and Managing Director of Kotak and Uday Sareen, CEO Designate of ING Vysya during a press conference in in Mumbai on Thursday.
The Hindu
ING Vysya Bank. File photo: Sampath Kumar G.P.
TOPICS
banking
Share swap ratio fixed at 1000 equity shares of Rs. 10 each of ING Vysya Bank for 725 equity shares of Rs. 5 each of Kotak Mahindra Bank.
In an all stock amalgamation, ING Vysya Bank on Thursday decided to merge with Kotak Mahindra Bank, creating the fourth largest private sector bank in the country.
ING Vysya shareholders will receive 725 shares in Kotak for 1,000 shares of ING Vysya. “The share exchange ratio is considered fair and reasonable given the underlying value of ING Vysya, as also giving shareholders the ability to benefit from the potential that can be realised upon merging into Kotak,” a press release issued jointly by Kotak Mahindra Bank and ING Vysya Bank stated.
“This exchange ratio indicates an implied price of Rs.790 for each ING Vysya share based on the average closing price of Kotak shares during one month to November 19, 2014, which is a 16 per cent premium to a like measure of ING Vysya market price,” it added.
The proposed merger would result in issuance of approximately 15.2 per cent of the equity share capital of the merged Kotak.
One of ING Vysya’s directors will be joining the Board of Directors of Kotak.
The merger decision was taken at their respective board meetings of Kotak Mahindra Bank and the ING Vysya Bank held on Thursday.
The amalgamation is subject to the approval of the shareholders of Kotak and ING Vysya respectively, Reserve Bank of India under the Banking Regulation Act, the Competition Commission of India and such other regulatory approvals as may be required.
Upon obtaining all approvals, when the merger becomes effective, “all ING Vysya branches and employees will become Kotak branches and employees. ING Vysya’s CEO designate, Uday Sareen, will be inducted into the top management of Kotak reporting directly to Uday Kotak, Executive Vice Chairman and Managing Director of Kotak.”
The combined Kotak will have 1,214 branches, with a wide-spread pan-India network, “getting both breadth and depth given the strong geographic complementarity between Kotak and ING Vysya.”
“Substantial efficiencies will arise out of the proposed merger, which is likely to result in significant benefits for all stakeholders, be it shareholders, employees or customers, and ultimately the banking industry,” it added.
ING Group, which owns 43 per cent in ING Vysya, has indicated that it supports the proposed transaction. ING Group will become the largest non-promoter shareholder in combined Kotak. “ING Group and Kotak intend to explore areas of cooperation in cross border business, on the basis of a framework for future cooperation that has been entered into, subject to mutual agreement on specific terms and all laws and regulations.”
“The opportunities and synergies that this merger will create will place Kotak and its incoming stakeholders from ING Vysya on a new trajectory of excellence and leadership. I firmly believe this merger will pave the way for a bigger and better financial services player with deep Indian roots and global standards of service,” said Mr. Kotak, while addressing a press conference here.
“Kotak values the diversity of ING Vysya, welcomes them as its family, and will work towards integrating them smoothly on this exciting journey that is ahead of us,” he added.
Shares stage sharp rally
Shares of ING Vysya Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank witnessed sharp rally, and hit their 52-week highs intra-day due to aggressive buying. Shares of ING Vysya shot up by Rs.54.35 (7.15 per cent) to end at Rs.814.20 while Kotak Mahindra Bank registered a 7.28 per cent gain to close at Rs.1,157.05 on the BSE.
The share swap ratio announced indicates a price of Rs.790 for each ING Vysya Bank share based on average closing price this month. The valuation of the deal is around Rs.15,000 crore.
(With inputs from S. Varadharajan)

Tech Mahindra acquires US based LCC for $240 millionUpdated: November 21, 2014 01:39 IST
Tech Mahindra acquires Lightbridge Communications for $240 million
Pradeesh Chandran
The Tech Mahindra facility at Infocity in Hyderabad. File photo: P.V. Sivakumar
TOPICS
software
Tech Mahindra, on Thursday, announced that it had signed a definitive agreement to acquire U.S.-based network services company Lightbridge Communications Corporation (LCC) for an enterprise value of about $240 million in an all-cash deal. This is the largest acquisition abroad and the second largest by Tech Mahindra after Satyam.
The acquisition is subject to regulatory approvals, and the transaction is expected to close by the fourth quarter of the company’s 2015 fiscal year, it said in a filing to the BSE. LCC, headquartered in McLean, Virginia, is one-of-the world’s largest independent global providers of network engineering services to the telecom industry. According to the filing, LCC employs more than 5,000 employees in over 50 countries.
“The acquisition will position Tech Mahindra as the pre-eminent partner for network services globally,” the company said.
This is the sixth acquisition made by the IT company in the last two years. In February, Tech Mahindra had acquired BASF Business Services Consult.
In February, 2013, Tech Mahindra had acquired Brazilian SAP consulting provider Complex IT for an undisclosed amount.
In 2012, it acquired Delhi-based vCustomer BPO for $27 million and also bought 100 per cent stake in Hutchison Global Services for $87 million. In the same year, Tech Mahindra had also acquired 51 per cent stake in VAS provider Comviva Technologies for around Rs.260 crore.
With annual revenues of more than $400 million, LCC has built 350 networks and designed more than 350,000 cell sites for over 400 customers worldwide.
Tech Mahindra Executive Vice-Chairman Vineet Nayyar said: “This partnership is another significant step towards the globalisation of Tech Mahindra as we welcome a diverse workforce of over 5,000 network professionals across five continents and more than 50 countries. We expect network services to be a major growth engine for our organisation.”
With this acquisition, Tech Mahindra intends to address the growing market opportunity as telecommunications companies and enterprises are accelerating the network upgrade cycle.
“We will now be the largest and most comprehensive provider of technology services to communications service providers.
“Our rich experience in delivering technology solutions to enterprises and communications service providers globally will be significantly strengthened by this acquisition,” said Tech Mahindra Managing Director and CEO C. P. Gurnani.
In April, 2013, Tech Mahindra had acquired the lab assets and operations of the Type Approval Lab, which was part of Sony Mobile Communication’s internal test function.

Wall St. looks ahead to inflation  housing dataData again top Wall Street’s watch list
By: Adam Shell November 20, 2014 7:45 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
The Federal Reserve minutes are out of the way, and nothing in the written recap of the Oct. 28-29 meeting released Wednesday spooked markets too much, although stocks finished a tad lower. So today Wall Street will refocus its attention on incoming economic data.
The first data point to hit the tape will be the October reading on consumer inflation, or CPI. This number is key because the Fed’s decision as to when to start hiking short-term interest rates is dependent on inflation getting back toward the Fed’s preferred level of 2%. Last month, the CPI came in at 1.7% vs. a year ago.
Wall Street also gets a fresh read on the health of manufacturing in the Philadelphia area, when the so-called Philly Fed manufacturing index for November is released. Last month it came in at 20.7, which topped estimates but was weaker than September’s reading of 22.5.
Investors also get more data on the housing market when existing home sales for October are released. Last month sales rose 2.4% to 5.17 million annualized units. The housing news this week has been mixed. October housing starts released Wednesday came in below expectations, falling 2.8% to a seasonally adjusted rate of 1.009 million units, below the 1.025 million units expected. A day earlier the National Association of Home Builders’ housing index for November topped expectations, hitting a nine-year high.
Leading economic indicators for October are also set for release today.
(BREAKING NEWS: Consumer inflation, or the CPI, again came in low, with little inflation to speak of. The October CPI came in flat vs. September. The rest of the incoming economic data was strong. The Philly Fed’s November reading on manufacturing came in at 40.8, crushing the 18.5 estimate. And existing home sales in October also topped expectations, with sales up 1.5% to a seasonally adjusted 5.26 million units, above the 5.15 million estimate. The leading economic indicators, or LEI, rose 0.9%, more than the 0.6% Wall Street was expecting. In another bullish sign for the U.S. economy, the number of Americans claiming continuous unemployment benefits fell to a 14-year low.)

U.S. stock futures trade lowerU.S stock futures fell on Thursday.
Here is where major market index futures stood ahead of the start of regular trading:
Dow: -0.36%
S&P 500: +0.12%
Nasdaq: -0.41%
In Asia, Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 index gained 0.07% to reach 17,300.86 and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index dipped 0.1% to 23,349.64.
European shares moved lower.
On Wednesday , U.S. markets closed marginally lower.
The Federal Reserve released the minutes of its latest policy meeting in October, revealing little about when the central bank might raise its short-term interest rate.
Most economists predict that the Fed will not raise rates before June.
Contributing: Associated Press

Watch Live Coverage of Snowstorm Burying Buffalo
Karl-Josef Hildenbrand / Karl-Josef Hildenbrand/picture-a
Odd of sports betting
Former Democratic senator Jim Webb announces presidential exploratory committeeBy Jose A. DelReal November 20 Follow jdelreal
 
Former Virginia senator Jim Webb on Wednesday evening announced that he is launching an exploratory committee to consider running for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016.
"Over the past few months thousands of concerned Americans from across the political spectrum have urged me to run for president," he said in a video released on YouTube Wednesday. "I have decided to launch an exploratory committee to examine whether I should run for president in 2016. I made this decision after reflecting on numerous political commentaries."
Sitting in front of a simple, blue backdrop, Webb detailed his military service and professional career during the 14-minute video. Webb emphasized his accomplishments as a public servant. Among the issues stressed in the announcement were the need to address criminal justice reform and growing economic inequality.
The announcement came as a surprise to political watchers. Webb, who had said previously that he was considering a presidential run , is the first potential Democratic candidate to launch an exploratory committee. It is unclear if his announcement will precipitate other Democratic exploratory committees in the near future.
"In politics, nobody owns me and I don't owe anybody anything except for the promise that I will work for the well-being of all Americans, and especially those who otherwise would have no voice in the corridors of power. All I ask is that you consider the record I am putting before you and give me the opportunity to earn your trust.
In a subtle dig at former secretary of state Hillary Clinton, who is widely expected to run for the Democratic nomination as well, Webb also talked about his efforts to "reengage in East Asia." Clinton's experience as secretary of state are considered central to her potential presidential pitch.
"We put this issue on the table two years before President Obama came to office and three years before his administration announced what they called a 'pivot' toward this vital region. We led this change in policy," he said.
 

Jimmy Fallon discusses President Obamas Sup Girl faceOn "The Tonight Show" on Wednesday, Jimmy Fallon unveiled another series of President Obama's lesser appreciated facial cues.
They included the, "Sup, Girl?"
President Obama (courtesy of "The Tonight Show")
The "Seriously, You Guys Are My Best Friends."
President Obama. (courtesy of "The Tonight Show")
And many, many more. Make sure to watch the clip until the end for a very awkward photo of Obama with New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo and a very awkward photo of Obama with Vice President Biden.
Fallon has done this segment before, when he captured expressions such as the "NOM NOM NOM."
Jaime Fuller reports on national politics for "The Fix" and Post Politics. She worked previously as an associate editor at the American Prospect, a political magazine based in Washington, D.C.

State-level spending grew last year  thanks largely to ObamacareBy Niraj Chokshi November 20 Follow @NirajC
State spending last year grew at its fastest pace since before the recession, thanks mostly to an infusion of spending through Obamacare.
Overall, spending was up 5.7 percent in fiscal 2014, according to a new report from the National Association of State Budget Officers. That’s up from 2.2 percent the year before and 1.1 percent before that.
State spending by funding source. (NASBO)
A big reason for the sudden spike were the hotly controversial funds available to states to expand Medicaid, NASBO found. Medicaid funds grew by $41.8 billion, while all other federal funds to states were scaled back by about $3.4 billion.
“The large increase in total state expenditures doesn’t mean that states are flush with cash because the monies they get from their own fund sources have only increased slightly due to modest economic growth,” NASBO Executive Director Scott Pattison said in a statement accompanying the report. “The increase seen in total state expenditures is heavily tied to increased federal Medicaid funds so states don’t actually have a lot of additional money to fund other priorities like education or infrastructure.”
Medicaid accounts for a fifth of state spending
More than 25 percent of all state spending goes to Medicaid, according to NASBO, with K-12 education account for nearly 20 percent and higher education account for roughly 10 percent. But when it comes to their own funds, K-12 spending dominates among states, accounting for 1 in every 4 dollars spent.
Estimated state expenditures. (NASBO)
States have become increasingly reliant on federal money
In fiscal 2008, roughly 46 percent of overall spending came from their own general funds and 26 percent came from federal funds. By fiscal 2014, it’s estimated that general funds now account for just over 40 percent of total spending, while federal funds account for more than 30 percent of spending.
State spending by source. (NASBO)
Public assistance spending shrank
State spending rose in every spending category but one: public assistance. While education, Medicaid, corrections, transportation and all other categories grew by at least 3.7 percent, public assistance shrank by 1.4 percent.
State spending growth by category. (NASBO)
Niraj Chokshi reports for GovBeat, The Post's state and local policy blog.

Report: Obama to meet with senior federal executives next monthBy Josh Hicks November 20 Follow @reporter_hicks
President Barack Obama speaks at an event on Nov. 19. (AP/Carolyn Kaster)
President Obama plans to meet with senior federal executives early next month, according to the Senior Executives Association.
The gathering will take place on Dec. 9 with Senior Executive Service employees and other high-level managers across government, said SEA president Carol Bonosaro, who said she has discussed the event with White House staff.
Agency heads will be awarding invitations to their executives, who must then RSVP online, Bonosaro said. Registration began Tuesday, and more than 1,000 staffers have already signed up, according to Government Executive, which first reported the event in an article on Wednesday .
The event will be held at a rented space instead of at the White House, Bonosaro said.
The December gathering will mark the first time Obama has met with senior executives as a group since taking office.
 
“It’s always baffled me that a president wouldn’t just do this early on, because it sets a tone, not only for the career executives, but also the political appointees, who then get the message that the career executives are part of the team,” Bonosaro said.
In the past three administrations, George W. Bush met with them twice, Bill Clinton never did it, and George H.W. Bush spoke to about 3,000 members at Constitution Hall, inviting some career executives to appear with him on stage.
“The message [the elder Bush] was sending was so clear, ” Bonosaro said. “It was, ‘You’re an important part of my team, and I value you.’ When they walked out of there, they would have walked on water for him.”
The SEA president said she hopes Obama will communicate that he understands the challenges senior executives have faced in recent years with the government-wide budget cuts known as sequestration, the temporary government shutdown last year and the pay freeze federal employees endured for about three years.
“I hope this isn’t going to be a rally for his management agenda,” Bonosaro said. “He has an opportunity, though it’s late in the administration, to make a real difference and improve morale and set a tone for the remainder of his administration.”
The White House has not responded to a request for comment about the meeting.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

Its going to warm up a little today  but temperatures will plunge again FridayBy David Streit November 20
TODAY’S DAILY DIGIT
A somewhat subjective rating of the day’s weather, on a scale of 1 to 10.
5/10: Less of a chill gives me a thrill, but colder tomorrow brings only sorrow.
EXPRESS FORECAST
Today: Mainly sunny and dry. Highs: 42-46. | Tonight: Star-filled skies. Lows: 22-29. | Tomorrow: Sunny but breezy. Highs:  34-38.
FORECAST IN DETAIL
Today is a bit of a tease as temps warm by nearly 10 degrees from yesterday (still 10 degrees below normal). But, then, they drop right back down tomorrow. Then the weekend starts a more sustained warm-up. Even better rains should hold off until late Sunday.
The  truly balmy temps hold off until  Monday but there is little time to enjoy as the next cold surge arrives on Tuesday.
Today (Thursday): Sunshine gets top billing but an occasional band of clouds from a system up in Quebec spins through now and then. Highs climb to the mid-40s so look for the winter hardy to start shedding layers. Breezes are just enough to make you think twice about losing the heavier coat, from the west at 10-15 mph. Confidence : High
Tonight: The stars shine bright as the sky remains moonless through the night. Breezes remain noticeable with evening readings back in the 30s.  Lows fall to the 20s. Confidence: High
For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock . Keep reading for the forecast through the weekend…
Tomorrow (Friday): Winds are quite brisk as they usher in the last smidgen of Arctic air to the delight of very few. The ever present sun is no match  for the cold air with highs stuck in the mid-upper 30s  and wind chills in the 20s. Confidence: High
Tomorrow night: Calming winds mean but one thing,  plummeting overnight readings. Hard to tell if the stars are twinkling or it is just your shivering. Lows in the upper teens to mid-20s are likely to dominate the frozen landscape. Confidence: High
Dawn at Lake Mercer, Fairfax Station, from a warmer, earlier time. ( Bruce Sorrell via Flickr )
A LOOK AHEAD
Saturday marks the  beginning of a more substantial warm up. The sun becomes a little more filtered as the day goes on due to increasing high clouds coming off a moisture surge occurring in the middle of the country. No worries about precipitation though as that dry, static cling airmass still dominates. Highs reach the mid-40s. Clouds gradually increase in thickness overnight. This helps cushion the temperature drop with  most areas only reaching the low-to-mid 30s. Confidence: High
Sunday dawns gray and stays that way as showers to the southwest creep ever closer. With any luck they should hold off until late afternoon but there is a 50 percent chance of them arriving before sunset. Increasing winds  from the south do a good job of warming the area even without the sun. Highs should  reach the mid-50s in much of the area. Rains become steady as the night progresses and help to diminish  our November rain deficit if not eradicate it altogether with at least a half inch likely. Temperatures barely budge overnight holding in the lower 50s. Confidence: Medium
Showers are spotty (70 percent chance) at best during the day Monday and with a few breaks in the clouds highs should shock and delight us with mid-to-upper 60s. Do not get too excited though as the next strong cold front comes through that night. Confidence: Medium
For those of you making the mad dash (traveling early-to-middle next week), tell Grandma to get the turkey ready for the oven, as the only potential travel issues look to be in the Pacific Northwest.

Water main break in Suitland  part of road closedBy Dana Hedgpeth November 20 Follow @postmetrogirl
Water main break in Suitland. (Prince George’s County Police)
Crews are working to fix a water main break in Suitland on Thursday morning, leaving part of a roadway shut down.
The northbound lanes of Silver Hill Road between Brooks Drive and Royal Plaza Drive are closed. Drivers are advised to avoid the area.
Water main break has shut down Silver Hill Rd at Brooks Dr & Royal Plaza Dr. Pls avoid area. #mdtraffic https://t.co/ST8FJjCHSF
The Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission said via Twitter that no schools in the area were affected. It also said the break involves a 71-year-old 14-inch water main. The incident began Wednesday night.
71 year old 14" water main with a split break. Pumping water out of hole. pic.twitter.com/MoXIjaeeDh
— WSSC Water News (@WSSCWaterNews) November 20, 2014
I'm a Washington Post reporter, working an early morning shift that deals with crime, lottery winners, traffic, you name it.

Redskins ailing left tackle Trent Williams wants to prove his brand is strongBy Liz Clarke November 20 Follow @lizclarketweet
Trent Williams is helped off the field after injuring his knee earlier this season. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
Redskins Coach Jay Gruden said left tackle Trent Williams “faces a long road” if he is to play Sunday at San Francisco after Tampa Bay’s 300-pound defensive tackle Gerald McCoy fell on his right leg in Sunday’s loss to the Buccaneers.
The impact left the 6-foot-5, 337-pound Williams with a sprained right ankle and a sprained medial collateral ligament in his right knee. Of the injuries, the knee is the more problematic, Williams said this week, given that it’s the same knee he partially dislocated earlier in the season.
But it has taken a lot to keep the two-time Pro Bowl honoree out of games in the past. Williams has started all 10 games for the Redskins this season and, in fact, hasn’t missed a start since 2011 . And the Redskins’ record, 3-7 on the heels of back-to-back losses, won’t be a factor in the decision about whether he suits up Sunday.
“Definitely not,” Williams explained. “To me, Trent Williams is my business. And I want to show guys how well my business is going.
“I always want to go out there on the field and try to perform at a high level, no matter what. That’s why in the past I’ve always tried to fight through injuries and find a way to be there for my team.”
Williams, who was named Washington’s 2013 offensive player of the year and is captain of the offense this season, was among four players who were held out of Wednesday’s practice because of injuries. But he said he has played on Sundays in the past despite being unable to practice during the week.
“The ‘C’ on my chest [denoting captain], I don’t take that lightly,” Williams said. “I know guys need to see me out there and need to see me performing. If I’m able to go, then I’m gonna go.”
If Williams can’t play Sunday, rookie Morgan Moses would take over, as he did last week against Tampa Bay.
Guard Shawn Lauvao, who along with Williams constitutes the left side of the offensive line, is sidelined until he successful completes the NFL’s concussion protocol. Tight end Jordan Reed has a sprained hamstring, and nose tackle Chris Baker suffered a chest injury.
Liz Clarke currently covers the Washington Redskins for The Washington Post, she has also covered five Olympic Games, two World Cups and written extensively about college sports, tennis and auto racing.

Does Uber want to redeem itselfBy Vivek Wadhwa November 20 Follow @wadhwa
Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick must decide what kind of company he wants to run. (Brent Lewin/Bloomberg)
Uber, the leading ridesharing company, has earned the distinction of becoming one of the most hated companies in the technology industry. One of its executives, Emil Michael, recently  suggested to a large dinner gathering that his company should allocate $1 million to dig up dirt on reporters who were criticizing it. Last month, it tried to  entice riders in Lyon, France, with ads pitching free pickups from attractive female drivers. In an  interview with GQ earlier this year, Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick referred to his $18 billion company as “Boober” because it gained him “skyrocketing desirability” with women. The company has also received widespread criticism for treating its drivers as disposable entities.
The irony is that Uber may actually be doing humanity a service — by paving the digital trails. Uber and its CEO are doing the same work as the industrialists who built the railroads and core infrastructure that catapulted the United States into global, economic and industrial dominance in the 19th century. They exploited labor, corrupted governments, and built monopolies. They were so despised that they were called robber barons. Uber is also exploiting labor to some extent, but its disrepute is largely because of its arrogance and frat-boy behavior—not only its business practices. And this behavior is only slowing the company down.
What Uber is building is not a tangible asset such as a steel mill, railroad, or oil pipeline, but their digital equivalent. It is creating an economy of scale that can connect people to transportation networks via smartphones — a new form of “frictionless transactions.”
Uber’s first innovation was in the immediate availability of transportation. Uber’s new carpooling feature has accomplished in a few months what cities, states, and companies have struggled to accomplish for decades — functional shared private car usage. And now we are getting a glimpse of what is possible with Uber’s announcement of delivery services for medicines and essential goods. It can create all sorts of new economic efficiencies.
Equally important, Uber is changing the way people think about cities, transportation, and ownership and is laying a psychological foundation — a mental infrastructure — for a post-ownership society. My son  Tarun lives in a region of San Francisco that is poorly served by public transportation. Buses take forever, and cabs are unreliable. So, last year, after using Uber, Lyft, and other on-demand ride-sharing services, he sold his car. These services have made it much easier for him to get around and eliminated the hassles of finding a parking spot.
Just as it required a major mental leap for people to imagine cities after horses, building the mental framework to imagine cities after cars is no simple task. That is why stoops (staircases to apartment buildings) in New York are so high: they were designed to remain above the horse manure, and that thinking has never changed. Uber has already changed our thinking about transportation; it has paved the way for dozens of competitors, who can see the winning formula at work on our smartphones. Flip through the various Uber competitors, and you’ll see software and user interfaces that are very similar to those that Uber has built. In that sense, Uber’s monopoly on infrastructure is not as defensible as those of the traditional robber barons.
And, frankly, that’s what mystifies me. You would think a company that has done such a great job building a digital infrastructure that’s hard to defend would care more than it does about projecting a friendly image and about assisting the people working for it. You would expect greater social responsibility and less arrogance.
True, the Rockefellers, the Carnegies, and the Vanderbilts — who were the most famous robber barons—also made few friends during their ascendancy. And, as Kalanick does, they had a “winner-take-all” attitude and went to extreme lengths to build their visions. In the case of the railroads, the oil pipelines, or the steel mills, often this meant taking land away from people who did not want to hand it over. Or it meant building things without proper political or regulatory approvals, because they figured that once the project had become a fait accompli, the laws could be changed to reflect the new reality.
Uber has built its business without waiting to consult with government on the legality of ride-sharing. If it had waited, the business might never have gotten off the ground. But Uber has also managed, along the way, to anger many people and alienate large swathes of both drivers and journalists. Riders have not left the company to any large degree — yet. Uber’s work remains unfinished, but its mission is an important one. Let’s hope that Kalanick can recognize that this requires a bit more maturity, dignity, and tact; that by sharing his prosperity with the drivers who are helping him build this new infrastructure, he can avoid the label “robber baron;” and that he will come sooner rather than later to put the welfare of others before that of his ambitions.
Vivek Wadhwa is a fellow at Rock Center for Corporate Governance at Stanford University, director of research at Center for Entrepreneurship and Research Commercialization at Duke, and distinguished fellow at Singularity University. His past appointments include Harvard Law School, University of California Berkeley, and Emory University.

The Switchboard: Al Franken wants Uber to explain itselfUS Senator Al Franken, Democrat from Minnesota, speaks about net neutrality for the Internet during a discussion hosted by the Free Press Action Fund on Capitol Hill in Washington on July 8, 2014. AFP PHOTO / Saul LOEBSAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images
Published every weekday, the Switchboard is your morning helping of hand-picked stories from the Switch team.
Sen. Al Franken demands answers from Uber on privacy, ‘God View’ tool. "In a letter sent Wednesday to Uber Chief Executive Travis Kalanick," the Wall Street Journal reports, "Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) called on the company to explain what policies it has in place around tracking the personal data of users on the ride-sharing service."
Netflix still dominates streaming, but Amazon is picking up steam. Re/code reports: "Sandvine says Amazon, which accounted for 1.61 percent of broadband usage on “fixed line” accounts a year ago, is now up to 2.58 percent."
NSA phone data collection could go on, even if a law expires. "A little-known provision of the Patriot Act, overlooked by lawmakers and administration officials alike, appears to give President Obama a possible way to keep the National Security Agency’s bulk phone records program going indefinitely," according to the New York Times, "even if Congress allows the law on which it is based to expire next year."
Ted Cruz backs Internet tax ban that would cost Texas $358 million a year. National Journal reports: "Compounding matters is Texas's lack of an income tax, meaning the state relies more heavily on its 6.25 percent sales tax. Other than South Dakota, Texas is the only state among those slated to lose their Internet-access tax revenue that doesn't have some form of income tax."
Silicon Valley’s champion just lost a key leadership race in the House. "Rep. Anna Eshoo (D-Calif.) won't be the top Democrat on a key House committee in the new Congress," I report. "And that's bad news for Silicon Valley."
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecom, broadband and digital politics. Before joining the Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic.

The executive action will not be televisedBy Max Ehrenfreund November 20 Follow @MaxEhrenfreund
Protesters in New Orleans on Wednesday, including Lavon Massey, 1, drew attention to the fact that a planned executive order on deportations excludes millions of undocumented immigrants. (AP/Gerald Herbert)
In a prime-time speech Thursday night, President Obama will announce a major executive action deferring deportations for some 4 million undocumented immigrants. You'll find everything you need to know here and on Wonkblog .
What's in Wonkbook: 1) Who is affected? 2) Is it legal? 3) What are the policy implications? 4) Opinions and editorials 5) In case you missed it: The Federal Reserve, the Ferguson, Mo. shooting and more
Welcome to Wonkbook. To subscribe by e-mail, click  here . Send comments, criticism or ideas to Wonkbook at Washpost dot com. Follow Wonkblog on  Twitter  and  Facebook .
Number of the day: 11.3 million. That's the approximate number of undocumented immigrants living in the United States, according to the Pew Research Center .
Chart of the day:
The Obama administration has supervised the deportations of record numbers of undocumented immigrants -- more than 400,000 in 2012.  The Economist .
1. Top story: 4 million to get a reprieve
-- Obama's order would offer a temporary legal status to the undocumented parents of children who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents, where the immediate threat of deportation would be removed. The order would require the parents to have lived in the U.S. for a set period of years - probably five. David Nakamura and Pamela Constable in The Washington Post .
-- Millions of these undocumented immigrants could apply for work permits.
-- The president will  expand the 2012 program that deferred deportations of nearly 600,000 younger immigrants arrived  in the U.S. as illegal immigrants as children. Obama could raise (or eliminate) the maximum eligibility age, currently set at 30, and could raise the maximum arrival age above 16.
-- Disappointing immigrant advocates, however, the executive action does not appear to extend protections to hundreds of thousands of parents of these "dreamers." Julia Preston in The New York Times .
-- Obama also expand visas for high-tech workers; change detention procedures; and strengthen border security.
There's more where that came from at Wonkblog .
2. "Emperor Obama": The legal debate
There is a precedent set by Presidents Reagan and George H.W. Bush. In 1987 and 1989, with an immigration bill stalled in Congress as it is now, the two presidents issued orders deferring deportations for hundreds of thousands of undocumented immigrants. The orders weren't controversial at the time, but the political environment has changed since then. Andrew Taylor for the Associated Press .
SARGENT: The law clearly gives Obama the authority to delay deportations. Conservative critics have tried to make the dispute a question of the executive branch's constitutional authority. In fact, the text of the immigration statute is clear. Congress has already explicitly given Obama everything he needs to act. What's more, an order will probably not affect the total number of undocumented immigrants deported every year, which will remain small in any case. The Washington Post .
DOUTHAT: The president's logic makes sense, but what are the consequences? "The White House's case is straightforward: It has 'prosecutorial discretion' in which illegal immigrants it deports, it has precedent-grounded power to protect particular groups from deportation, and it has statutory authority to grant work permits to those protected." But these arguments could be applied in plenty of other contexts, too, creating "a model for a future president interested in unilateral rewrites of other areas of public policy (the tax code, for instance) where sweeping applications of 'discretion' could achieve partisan victories by fiat." The New York Times .
BROOKS: The order sends the country down a dangerous path. "Instead of a nation of laws, we could slowly devolve into a nation of diktats, with each president relying on and revoking different measures on the basis of unilateral power — creating unstable swings from one presidency to the next. If President Obama enacts this order on the transparently flimsy basis of 'prosecutorial discretion,' he's inviting future presidents to use similarly flimsy criteria." The New York Times .
BEUTLER: This line of reasoning is not that the order is illegal, but that it violates important political norms. That's a nebulous argument, and it's hard to see exactly which norms are being violated, unless there's one that says that the most conservative members of the House G.O.P. caucus should always be listened to carefully. Just because "right-wingers are blind with rage" doesn't make the order illegal. The New Republic .
An important practical question is whether anyone has standing to sue the president. Since it isn't clear that the order actually harms anyone, it isn't clear that who would be able to ask the courts to intervene. The Washington Post .
Here's an interesting detail for people interested in these questions. "Obama will stop short of extending protections to hundreds of thousands of parents of the dreamers, after the White House Office of Legal Counsel determined that doing so would exceed the president’s legal authorities to act unilaterally, according to the people briefed on the plans." David Nakamura and Pamela Constable in The Washington Post .
Latin Grammys interlude: While the four major networks will not broadcast Obama's speech, Univision will -- interrupting the Latin Grammys to do so. The award ceremony drew no fewer than 9.8 million viewers last year. Ed O'Keefe in The Washington Post .
Here's " Lo poco que tengo ," the first track from Ricardo Arjona's Viaje (released on Metamorfosis, his own label), which has been nominated for an an award.
 
3. How the order could impact health care, tech and state policy
The order does not mean that undocumented immigrants get Obamacare. "The White House decision to deny health benefits also underscores how far the president’s expected actions will fall short of providing the kind of full membership in American society that activists have spent decades fighting for. The immigrants covered by Mr. Obama’s actions are also unlikely to receive public benefits like food stamps, Medicaid coverage or other need-based federal programs offered to citizens and some legal residents." Michael Shear and Robert Pear in The New York Times .
In some cases, the federal government does pay for their health care already. Hospitals provide emergency and maternity care to undocumented immigrants, at a cost of around $1.3 billion annually to the federal government and more to state governments. Undocumented immigrants are able to get health insurance through an employer or individually, although they won't qualify for subsidies. Jason Millman and Juliet Eilperin in The Washington Post .
Silicon Valley won't be entirely satisfied with the order. Obama's order will expand a program for foreign students in science and engineering that allows them to work here temporarily, but the technology sector would prefer more H-1B visas. Mike Dorning for Bloomberg .
Governors will have to make decisions about driver's licenses, in-state tuition and more. Republicans measuring the drapes in governors' mansions around the country after their sweep in the midterms have politically sensitive choices ahead. Michael Barbaro in The New York Times .
4. Responses: The politics, the humanity
It's about time Obama did something.  "Years were wasted, and countless families broken, while Mr. Obama clung to a futile strategy of luring Republicans toward a legislative deal. He has been his own worst enemy — over the years he stressed his executive impotence, telling advocates that he could not change the system on his own. This may have suited his legislative strategy, but it was not true."  The New York Times .
WILKINSON: The order is a risky move. "Yes, any executive action would be temporary. Yes, Congress could pass legislation to supersede it. But this could prove to be a turning point in the partisan polarization of Washington. Having reshaped itself in Newt Gingrich's image, the Republican Party has proved increasingly willing to undermine democratic norms -- and institutions -- in hopes of inheriting the rubble. If Obama is not departing from norms in this case, he certainly looks to be pushing the line." Bloomberg .
Sen. CRUZ: "When the president embraces the tactics of a monarch, it becomes incumbent on Congress to wield the constitutional power it has to stop it." That includes a hold on all nominees and riders on spending bills rescinding the order. Politico .
MEYERSON: Obama has a moral duty to keep children with their parents. That's the most important point in this entire debate, and it's one that's too easily forgotten. The Washington Post .
BADGER: Family-values conservatives should support the order. "Anyone who believes that children thrive best with two parents at home — anyone who's lamented the decline in America of two-parent households — should recognize that while immigrants may come to the U.S. for economic opportunity, they often want and need to stay for their children." The Washington Post .
5. In case you missed it
The Federal Reserve is bullish on the U.S. economy. "Fed officials debated at length whether to even mention issues such as weak growth abroad or financial-market turbulence after sharp stock and bond swings in mid-October in their official policy statement. They decided not to note them because of the possibility the public might infer officials were more concerned than they were." Jon Hilsenrath in The Wall Street Journal .
A decision on the Ferguson, Mo. shooting could come as early as Friday. The grand jury is scheduled to meet for what could be a final session and then begin deliberations. Evan Perez, Shimon Prokupecz and Moni Basu for CNN .
Jim Webb is considering a presidential bid. He's the first to officially make an announcement of any kind about the race. The former Reagan administration official, now a Democrat, has criticized Obama and talked about how his new party needs to appeal to the white working class. Dave Weigel for Bloomberg .
Max Ehrenfreund is a blogger on the Financial desk and writes for Know More and Wonkblog.

Nicholas Kristof on what whites just dont get about racial inequalityNicholas Kristof on what ‘whites just don’t get’ about racial inequality
A conversation about race in America
By Emily Badger November 20 Follow @emilymbadger
People raise their hands during am August rally for Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)
Since the death of Michael Brown in Ferguson this summer, New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof has been running a provocative series on the lingering barriers blacks face in America. The title of the series: "When Whites Just Don't Get It."
Each column has data on the wealth gap between blacks and whites , the disparate rates at which black boys are expelled and black men imprisoned , the historic discrimination that helped drive widely diverging rates of black and white homeownership today .
And each column has been met with, well, deep resistance to the very idea that modern racial inequality is about anything more than differences between people willing to work hard and those who won't. To Kristof's credit, he keeps coming back with more data, more counter-arguments.
Nicholas Kristof (Katherine Frey/The Washington Post))
He's taken on a particularly unpopular task: trying to convince whites who've often inherited opportunity that America has just as systematically passed on disadvantage to blacks.
"One element of white privilege today," Kristof wrote this weekend , "is obliviousness to privilege, including a blithe disregard of the way past subjugation shapes present disadvantage."
Curious how that uncomfortable idea has gone over, I spoke with Kristof this week about the series, which was a reaction to a column suggesting that even well-meaning people may experience some unconscious racism .
"I was struck by the reaction to that: How many whites were very indignant at the idea that there is a problem even with unconscious racism in America in 2014," Kristof says in our conversation. "The tone of the responses really struck me. That led to the first one, ' when whites just don’t get it.' And the response to each one led to the next."
Below is a slightly condensed transcript.
EB: Part of what people don’t seem to get is not just their own unconscious bias, but chapters of history. They’re unaware, for example, of the history of federal policy explicitly discriminating against blacks in mortgage lending, and what that has to do with wealth today.
NK: People think they know about black history if they know about Martin Luther King. There is a celebratory tone to the way whites understand African-America history, which is of amazing, breathtaking progress. That is truly real, that is to be celebrated. But I think whites tend to be less aware of the degree to which past discrimination shapes present inequity, and also the degree to which in some spheres, African-Americans — and probably, especially young black men — face continuing bias in law enforcement and the justice system and employment and many other areas.
Among all the e-mails and tweets and Facebook comments you’ve been getting, do you have any sense that you’re changing minds, at least among some people?
I wish I could say that yes, it’s having an effect. I honestly don’t know. In general, I think that we in journalism tend to change people’s minds quite rarely on issues that they have thought of. We tend to have an impact most as shapers of the agenda. But where there’s an issue already on the agenda, like race, I think it’s pretty unusual that we manage to change people’s minds. The people who respond to the series, I would say they don’t show much sign of having changed their minds, whichever side they may be on. But it’s also true that those people may be more passionate, more informed, and perhaps less likely to have their views changed.
My hope is that I’m reaching people, especially young people who don’t know a lot about these issues, and haven’t particularly thought about them. Perhaps to some degree, I can at the margin affect their view a little bit.
How often do you hear the response that “we have a black president, so how can there be a problem”?
That has been a fairly common theme. That goes into the triumphalist narrative of black history that I often hear from whites. There’s obviously something to that, it’s an incredible milestone. But it can’t be used to obscure the fact that there’s still enormous inequity facing so many other people.
Do you ever feel like that one fact that people can point to — "the president is black!" — makes it harder to have this larger conversation about racial inequality?
I’ve wondered about that, whether that actually becomes an impediment to having a serious conversation about racial inequity. I do think humans have an incredible ability to self-select facts that will fit their narrative. Even if that had not happened, then people would say "well, the reason we haven’t had many black officials is just that too many blacks don’t show personal responsibility, and that’s the source of the problem." I’m just not sure it would really be that different if we didn’t have a black president. But certainly one hears that all the time, as "this is the end of the argument. There’s no point in looking backward now. A black guy who really tries will be treated so fairly by white people in American today that he’ll be elected president."
You just touched on one of the themes you raise repeatedly in these columns — personal responsibility. You write about the idea that it’s a lot easier for many people to say "blacks should take more personal responsibility" than to say "whites have some responsibility here, too."
That surprised me a little bit just how much of the critical reaction that I got was based on the "personal responsibility" narrative. That was overwhelmingly the most common perspective that I got.
—that people who don’t succeed in life don’t succeed for lack of their own responsibility?
Exactly. That just comes up over and over and over. And it’s something that resonates with me a little bit because I grew up in rural Oregon, in a blue-collar area that has been very hard hit by meth, by family breakdown, by unemployment. And a lot of my friends and classmates have been struggling with all these issues. There is a real issue of personal responsibility and self-destructive behaviors — this is real. But it also arises from a context of hopelessness, a context in which people feel that there’s no escape, and then they self-medicate. And then that hopelessness becomes self-fulfilling. And that’s true of whites, and that’s true of blacks.
You've cited a lot of data in these columns that seems pretty powerful and hard to argue with.
People were very taken aback by the figure in particular that the wealth gap between whites and blacks today in America is greater than the black-white wealth gap was in Apartheid South Africa . That was a factoid that clearly shocked a lot of people. But then the lesson that a lot of people drew from it was "well, boy, that just underscores how irresponsible so many African-Americans are," which is precisely the opposite of the point I was trying to make. I think people were shocked by some of the data that I cited, but I don’t know that they were persuaded by it.
You use this phrase, which I’m sure a lot of people have reacted to, that whites have a “capacity for delusion” when it comes to thinking about their own role in racial inequality. 
I wonder whether that was impolitic of me, whether it just made people defensive. As a journalist, I see delusion all over, in all kinds of categories of people. So I’m kind of used to the idea that all kinds of people are deluded about themselves and about others. There are white delusions, and black delusions and Asian delusions, and wealthy-people delusions, and poor-people delusions. I probably didn’t intend to pack as much umph into the phrase as it was received with.
But I think that there’s no doubt that successful people have this narrative that "I succeeded because I worked hard, studied hard, obeyed the law, and that just shows that anybody in this country can succeed if they will just behave themselves." I think about my friends growing up, who were in many cases, just as smart and hard-working as anybody else, but didn’t have a family that pushed them. So if they made the decision to drop out of school, that was a decisions that really haunted them. I think it’s really hard for people who were born on third base, and whose friends were born on third base, and who assume kind of a third-base context, it’s really hard to understand the enormous obstacles that face those who in early life encountered a much less rosy environment. It’s so easy to hit a home run from third base and say "boy, this is pretty easy, why can’t everyone else do this?"
Has writing about all of this made you think about advantages that you inherited, or ways that you were helped in your own life?
Absolutely. One of the things that we talk about in our new book ‘A Path Appears’ — that I had really been unaware of until we were going through the research — is just how much early childhood matters. Your mom not drinking or taking drugs during pregnancy. And in West Virginia, 20 percent of kids are born with drugs in their system. That’s just a totally different world. So I think that we tend to have the wrong metrics of poverty, and we tend to measure poverty in terms of income per person, or in terms of wealth per person. I truly think the better metrics of poverty would be how often a child is read to, how often a child is hugged, the kind of support a child is getting in the first five years or so of life.
I wonder if liberals like myself overuse the word "inequality" because that tends to connote inequality of outcomes, which conservatives are much less worried about. And we should use the word "inequality" less and the word "opportunity" more.
Do you think our ability to come up with policy solutions to racial inequality is dependent on convincing more people of these ideas that you say whites often don’t get?
I think there are two kinds of arguments one can make for the policy solutions that matter. One are these kinds of equity or social-justice arguments.
We should do this because it’s the right thing to do.
Exactly. "It’s fair, it’s right." For those arguments to succeed, one really does have to persuade people that these are real issues, and that it’s not just about responsibility. But there’s another kind of argument that I think one can make for the same kinds of policy solutions, which is that it saves money. It gets you bang for your buck.
It’s more cost-effective to invest in early childhood than to pay for welfare once that kid grows up.
Right. James Heckman argues that to get the same increment of reduced crime, we can spend money on more policemen, or you can spend one-fifth the amount of money on early education for at-risk kids . Oklahoma, which has been a pioneer in some of these early interventions , has done so in part because it saves money. It’s a sensible thing.
I go back and forth in the arguments that I use, and I do think that it helps that we’re getting better data and better research. While liberals have always made some of these arguments, frankly, often the research wasn’t robust. Now, more and more it’s coming from randomized control trials, long-term follow-ups, really pretty solid evidence that it’s hard to argue about.
One of the great improvements in social justice in the last few years has been chipping away at mass incarceration, and the reason that mass incarceration is on the decline is not to do with social justice at all. It’s because it’s expensive . So, I’ll use any argument that I think may help advance the cause.
Read more:

Where Paul McCartney  virtual reality and a 3D camera collideWhere Paul McCartney, virtual reality and a 3D camera collide
Paul McCartney filmed by Jaunt camera
Jaunt's prototype 3D camera records Paul McCartney performing at Candlestick Park in San Francisco earlier this year.
Jaunt's prototype 3D camera records Paul McCartney performing at Candlestick Park in San Francisco earlier this year.
Put on your Oculus Rift, it's time to see a movie
Jaunt is making a camera that records in 3D for cinematic virtual reality
Sit on stage with Paul McCartney without actually sitting on stage with Paul McCartney
Sir Paul McCartney is sitting less than five feet from me at a grand piano, singing his 1973 hit "Live and Let Die." When I turn my head to the right, his drummer is about six feet away. If I swivel 90 degrees, I can see the production crew hoisting cameras and running power cords behind the stage.
I’m on stage with McCartney and his band as he performs at San Francisco’s Candlestick Park. Except, I’m not actually on stage. I’ve never even been to Candlestick Park. I’m sitting in a conference room in downtown San Francisco with an Oculus Rift virtual reality headset snugly fit around my head and a pair of headphones wrapped around my ears.
An affordable, realistic virtual reality game system has eluded developers for decades. ( Riley Snyder )
The concert snippet I’m watching was filmed earlier this year using a prototype 3D camera developed by Palo Alto-based company Jaunt. The camera is a strange-looking prism about the size of a toaster that has lenses on each of its faces. With this technology, it can film in 360-degree stereoscopic 3D. The camera doesn’t just capture scenes; it captures entire surroundings.
8
Up until now, virtual reality has primarily been the domain of video games, with companies such as Oculus VR and Sony investing in headsets that let players feel completely immersed in video game worlds. Jaunt wants to bring the technology to cinematic experiences. Think being on set with actors as they act out a scene, standing on a cliff overlooking the ocean in a nature documentary, or being on stage with rock stars.
“We were initially inspired by nature,” says Jaunt's co-founder and CEO, Jens Christensen. “One of our co-founders went on a trip to the forest and took photos, but when he came back he felt the pictures didn’t capture the experience of what he’d seen. So we thought, what if we could capture that? What if we could make you feel like you were there?”
Jaunt’s team of technologists started creating prototypes with filmmakers in mind, thinking of ways the camera could record footage that would make viewers feel as if they were in the video’s world. Their first prototypes were so big and clunky that the technologists couldn’t even get them out of a room. So they recorded themselves in that room playing catch with each other. The results of the initial experiment were promising. When the viewer put on the VR headset, it looked, felt and sounded as if they were in the room with Jaunt’s founders as they tossed around a ball.
0
According to Christensen, the demo of McCartney’s concert, which is available for download from Google Play, shows only a fraction of Jaunt’s ambitions. For example, Jaunt filmed the concert with the camera in a stationary position. It has plans to experiment with a moving camera, and giving viewers the option to change the angle from which they view a scene. The McCartney concert is also not interactive; the viewer can only watch what’s happening in the environment. Jaunt has plans to experiment with interactivity in a virtual reality movie.
While few people currently own virtual reality headsets, Alex Taussig, a member of Jaunt’s board of directors and a partner at venture capital firm Highland Capital Partners, believes virtual reality will in five to 10 years be a real platform similar to the way mobile is today.
“The idea that you can transport yourself to another place in time in the real world, experience something through someone else’s eyes -- that’s a very compelling thing,” he says. “And we don’t have to explain it to people. When you show them, they just get it instantly. If you’re a content creator, this is a new type of medium, similar to what film was when it first came out. And if you’re an innovative person, you want to be part of that. You don’t want to be on the wrong side of history.”
Jaunt is currently working with Los Angeles-based filmmaker New Deal Studios (whose list of credits include "Inception," "Green Lantern," "Hugo" and "Cowboys and Aliens") on a cinematic project using its 3D cameras, and it’s also developing a horror and World War II film project. Both Taussig and Christensen acknowledge that there will initially be challenges in creating virtual reality movies because traditional filmmakers will have to rethink how they approach directing and set design. But some creators have already come up with ideas for ways to direct the viewer’s attention using sound and light, and others see a chance to create new experiences for their audience. According to Christensen, the creators he has spoken with don’t just see the challenges -- they see the opportunities.
“It’s a new medium,” Christensen says. “How often does a new medium come along, right?”

Dollar eases off seven-year peak vs yen ahead of U.S. inflation data0
"We're drifting off in the dollar and this is just consolidation," said Shaun Osborne, chief currency strategist at TD Securities in Toronto. "All the signs point to a stronger dollar. Oil prices are down, we have a Fed meeting next week and some are pointing to a possible change in language."
Earlier in the session, the dollar soared to a fresh two-year high against the euro, a seven-year high versus the yen and touched a five-year peak versus a currency basket. It also rose to its highest in 15 months versus the pound.
The euro stumbled after a leading European Central Bank policymaker said government bond buying could be valuable in addressing the "massive" weakening of the euro zone economy.
Ewald Nowotny, the Austrian central bank chief, has been a bellwether for shifts in ECB policy, and has been seen as part of the German-led group on the ECB's governing council opposing what is viewed as outright money printing.
The euro fell to a low of $1.2247 after Nowotny's comments, then flat on the day at $1.2284.
"Markets are pretty much pricing in a Fed rate hike by the middle of 2015 and a growing likelihood of the ECB unleashing full scale QE (quantitative easing) in the months ahead," said Joe Manimbo, senior market analyst at Western Union Business Solutions in Washington.
The dollar surged to 121.84 yen, before falling 0.6 percent to 120.84 yen. Dealers said the yen was supported by around $2 billion worth of options expiries at 121.50 yen per dollar, putting a cap on the dollar's strength.
Japan's national election on Dec. 14 is seen as likely to give a boost to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and reflationary policies that should further weaken the yen.
The dollar index climbed as high as 89.550, its highest since March 2009. The index was last at 89.279, slightly lower on the day.
(Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Additional reporting by Patrick Graham in London; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)

Shares punctured by two-pronged slowdown in China  EuropeThe disappointing economic developments abroad overshadowed Friday's robust U.S. jobs report, which revived bets the Federal Reserve might consider ending its near-zero interest rate policy in mid-2015.
Even so, Wall Street stocks proved to be fairly resilient.
"The other side of it, too, is many of these other countries are taking some efforts to stimulate as well. People are looking at is as temporary, and somewhere down the line as those economies get stronger, everybody will be in pretty good shape," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle, Illinois
In early U.S. trading, the Dow Jones industrial average fell 5.52 points, or 0.03 percent, to 17,953.27, the S&P 500 slipped 0.88 point, or 0.04 percent, to 2,074.49, and the Nasdaq Composite shed 9.00 points, or 0.19 percent, to 4,789.75.
The FTSEurofirst 300 fell 0.6 percent to 1,396.79, while Toyko's Nikkei eked out a 0.08 percent gain.
The MSCI world equity index, which tracks shares in 45 nations, fell 1.21 points, or 0.28 percent, to 423.54.
In the currency market, the euro fell to a more than 2-1/2-year low against the greenback at $1.2247 before rebounding to $1.2292 in U.S. trading.
The dollar also retreated against the yen and other major currencies as traders booked some profits on the greenback's recent gains linked to expectations the Federal Reserve might raise interest rates sooner in 2015 than had been expected.
The dollar was down 0.5 percent at 120.80 yen.
Bets on a fresh round of ECB stimulus in the first quarter of 2015 helped boost the prices of U.S. and German government bonds. Benchmark 10-year U.S. yields fell 2.29 percent and 10-year Bund yields declined to 0.72 percent.
In the energy market, Brent crude fell more than $2 a barrel to a five-year low of $66.35 on predictions that oversupply would keep building until next year after OPEC decided not to cut output.
Spot gold prices edged up 0.07 percent at $1,192.44 an ounce on some safe-haven demand on the modest losses in U.S. and European equity prices.
(Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak in New York; John Geddie, Patrick Graham in London; Blaise Robinson in Paris; and the China economics team; Editing by Leslie Adler)

Futures drop as weak China  Europe data spurs growth worriesWall St. flat after Japan, China data; biotechs climb
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Chuck Mikolajczak, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
But signs of strength in the U.S. economy, including Friday's payrolls report, helped investors shake off weakness in global economies. The S&P 500 closed Friday's session with its 49th record of the year, and is up more than 11 percent from an October low.
"Overall, the U.S. numbers still remain pretty strong, we had very strong numbers on Friday from the employment report, that's probably why you are seeing the strength here," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle, Illinois.
"The other side of it, too, is many of these other countries are taking some efforts to stimulate as well. People are looking at is as temporary, and somewhere down the line as those economies get stronger, everybody will be in pretty good shape."
Biotech shares rallied after Merck & Co Inc said it would buy Cubist Pharmaceuticals Inc for $8.4 billion plus the assumption of debt. Merck shares were off 1 cent at$61.48 while Cubist shares surged 35.5 percent to $100.75. The Nasdaq biotech index advanced 2.1 percent.
Energy was easily the worst performing S&P sector, down 2.7 percent, as Brent crude fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year. The index is down more than 10 percent for the year, making it the only one of the 10 major S&P sectors in negative territory for the year. [O/R]
In response to falling oil prices, ConocoPhillips said its capital budget for 2015 would drop 20 percent to $13.5 billion. Conoco shares lost 3.1 percent to $65.73.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 11.19 points, or 0.06 percent, to 17,947.6, the S&P 500 lost 1.11 points, or 0.05 percent, to 2,074.26 and the Nasdaq Composite added 8.03 points, or 0.17 percent, to 4,788.79.
McDonald's shares lost 3.2 percent to $93.18 after the fast-food restaurant chain reported a steeper-than-expected fall in global same-restaurant sales in November and said fourth quarter results would be hurt by a supplier scandal in China and a stronger dollar.
(Editing by Bernadette Baum)

On the Road to Recoveryreddit
Greece is on the road to recovery. That much is now clear, with the nation building positive momentum in coming back from six long and difficult years of recession.
As someone who has always felt a special connection to Greece and the Greek people, I've been heartened by recent news that Greece's economy has been growing this year and is expected to strengthen further in 2015.
To be sure, too many Greeks are still out of work. Too many communities, families and individuals are still just getting by after being pulled and stretched by the difficulties of recent years.
But there are unmistakable signs that a brighter future is beginning to dawn. And, for the Greek people and their many friends and admirers, not a moment too soon.
In addition to the growing economy, which expanded at an annual rate of 1.7 percent in the third quarter (outpacing all other EU nations), the employment picture is also improving. Economists expect unemployment, now at 27 percent, to fall to 22 percent by 2016. Still too high, yes, but headed in the right direction.
Greece's overall fiscal health has improved in the wake of some difficult and at times painful reform measures. And the country's banking system is stronger than it has been in some time, recently passing a battery of stress tests.
The Greek people can -- and should -- take pride in these critical steps forward, which they have brought about through their hard work, tough choices and an unwavering commitment to bring their nation back from the brink.
As this has happened, I believe a new spirit of entrepreneurism has been growing in Greece, as more companies and individual business people take action to renew and reinvent the country's economic vitality.
At the same time, people across Greece are coming together in solidarity to support their less fortunate neighbors, including those hardest hit by the lengthy downturn.
As for The Coca-Cola Company, we have continued to invest in Greece in recent years, along with our bottling partners at Coca-Cola Hellenic.
This year, we also opened our Consumer Information Center hub in Athens. Through this facility, our people -- most of them young Greeks -- are able to connect and share information with consumers across 10 countries in Central and Southern Europe.
Through it all, our belief in the people of Greece and the long-term promise of this market never wavered. We've continued to invest in our brands and our broader beverage portfolio in Greece.
From here, we can all be encouraged by the steady progress being made by the Greek people and their institutions.
Indeed, I believe my friend Arianna Huffington and her colleagues have chosen a most opportune moment to launch The Huffington Post here in Greece.
This nation has always been a place of grand heroic stories, where great acts of struggle and sacrifice eventually become the stuff of legend.
Today, such stories are being lived out every day by countless men and women across Greece. Professionals. Teachers. Business people. Entrepreneurs. Doctors. Shop keepers. Laborers. Moms and dads. Clergy members. People of every station and every type of work.
And the writers and editors at The Huffington Post? They will help tell Greece's new heroic stories, among others, and they will inspire readers like you to still greater personal and public triumphs, of the sort that myths are ultimately made."
More:

Global Cost Of Obesity Rises To $2 Trillion A YearGlobal Cost Of Obesity Rises To $2 Trillion A Year
 | By                                                                By DANICA KIRKA
reddit
LONDON (AP) — The global cost of obesity has risen to $2 trillion annually — nearly as much as smoking or the combined impact of armed violence, war and terrorism, according to a new report released Thursday.
The McKinsey Global Institute consulting firm's report focused on the economics of obesity, putting it among the top three social programs generated by human beings. It puts its impact at 2.8 percent of global gross domestic product.
"Obesity isn't just a health issue," one of the report's authors, Richard Dobbs, said in a podcast. "But it's a major economic and business challenge."
The company says 2.1 billion people — about 30 percent of the global population— are overweight or obese and that about 15 percent of health care costs in developed economies are driven by it.
In emerging markets, as countries get richer, the rate of obesity rises to the same level as that found in more developed countries. The report offers the stark prediction that nearly half the world's adult population will be overweight or obese by 2030 should present trends continue.
"We are on an unfortunate trajectory," Dobbs told The Associated Press. "We have to act."
The report's authors argue that efforts to deal with obesity have been piecemeal until now, and that a systemic response is needed.
McKinsey says there's no single or simple solution to the problem, but global disagreement on how to move forward is hurting progress. The analysis is meant to offer a starting point on the elements of a possible strategy.
"We see our work on a potential program to address obesity as the equivalent of the maps used by 16th-century navigators," McKinsey said in its report. "Some islands were missing and some continents misshapen in these maps, but they were still helpful to the sailors of that era."
More:

Khaps ban Jat girls from using Facebook & WhatsAppEYE BROWSE
No Facebook & WhatsApp for Jat girls
At a meeting of 18 khaps in western Uttar Pradesh, the leaders declared that girls from the community must not use these social networking sites, and must avoid getting involved in love affairs.
Mail Today –  Thu 20 Nov, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: The khaps are back with a ban on Facebook and WhatsApp for Jat girls.
At a meeting of 18 khaps in western Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday, the leaders declared that girls from the community must not use these social networking sites, and must avoid getting involved in love affairs.
The meeting was held at Sauram village in Muzaffarnagar. The khaps cover 100 villages across Muzaffarnagar, Shamli and Meerut.
The meeting was convened to celebrate the 125th birth anniversary of Chaudhary Kabul Singh, a Jat leader known for preserving the written history of all the khaps. He died in 1991.
The khap leaders also declared that love marriage was completely prohibited in the Jat community and that those who defy this diktat will be killed.
Last year, the same khap panchayats had decided to ban Jat women and girls from using mobile phones and wearing jeans.
Speaking at the meeting, Chandrapal Fauzi - a Jat leader owing allegiance to the Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU) - was quoted as saying that the girls should be thrown into the river Ganga if they have a love affair with anybody.
“You must try to convince your daughters to protect themselves from love affair. But you should also be ready to throw them in Ganga if they don’t obey you,” he said.
Raju Ahlawat, Muzaffarnagar president of BKU said: “There is no need to fear any authority when it comes to protecting our community. The truth is that those who claim that they are in love and then get married in the same gotra are lunatics. Boys and girls of same gotra are brothers and sisters. They cannot live as husband and wife. Such people are insane and they don’t have any right to live.”
Thakur Narendra Pundir, national president of Maharana Pratap Sangharsh Samiti and a known Jat leader of the area said: “Parents must keep a close watch on their daughters. They shouldn't allow their daughters to use mobile phones and other devices to access the internet. The use of Facebook and WhatsApp is a western culture. We cannot follow such things mindlessly.”
Chaudhary Naresh Tikait, leader of BKU and chief of Baliyan Khap said: “We had rejected such things many years ago. But there are still complaints that girls are using mobile phones and wearing jeans. They are also getting involved in love affairs through Facebook and WhatsApp. This is something completely unacceptable to us.”
While several diktats were issued by the khaps in previous years, they were dormant since September 2013 when massive communal riots broke out in Muzaffarnagar and Shamli over an incident of eve-teasing.
Interestingly, Minister for State for Agriculture and Muzaffarnagar MP Sanjeev Baliyan has supported the decision of the khaps.
Recommend

Photos: Airbus borrows a new range of car making strategiesTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Tue 9 Dec, 2014, 12:00 AM IST - India Markets open in 9 hrs 15 mins
Airbus borrows a new range of car making strategies
An industrial drumbeat is picking up in European aircraft factories as Airbus borrows a new range of car making strategies to keep pace with record demand.
Technologically, modern jetliners have more in common with a custom-built Formula 1 than a family saloon. But their construction, and in particular the way 3 million parts per plane pour into factories, is getting an extra boost from cars as the jet age heads closer towards mass production.
The transformation underpins one of the toughest challenges faced by Airbus in its 44-year history: switching to a new model of best-selling A320 at the same time as embarking on a steep ramp-up for its new carbon-composite wide-bodied jet, the A350.
Reporting by Tim Hepher, REUTERS.
Recommend

BCCI can now monitor WhatsApp and BBM chats of cricketersMore
BCCI can now monitor WhatsApp and BBM chats of cricketers
BCCI Anti-Corruption Unit chief Ravi Sawani Sawani says it has acquired the wherewithal to monitor players who might be targetted through applications like WhatsApp and BBM
Mail Today –  Thu 20 Nov, 2014 12:16 PM IST
Tweet
0
Even as the 2013 IPL betting-fixing case continues in the Supreme Court, BCCI's Anti-Corruption Unit (ACU) has acquired modern gadgets to tackle the challenges posed by applications like WhatsApp and BlackBerry Messenger that people might use to corrupt cricketers.
To inform Indian players about the ills of betting and fixing and how to keep away from unwanted people during the domestic season, the ACU sleuths educated approximately 3,000 players, both men and women, before the domestic season began last month, said BCCI ACU director Ravi Sawani.
"Players are educated to meet new communication systems like WhatsApp and BBM. We have an option to check anybody's communication any point in time. It is incorporated in the BCCI's Anti-Corruption Code, which gives us the power to check anybody at any time," former CBI joint director Sawani told Mail Today "So, to that extent, we have the necessary tools to do the analysis of various communications," said Sawani, on the basis of whose probe report the BCCI banned Sreesanth and others involved in the 2013 IPL scandal.
Sawani, who was part of the CBI team that investigated the Hansie Cronje match-fixing scandal in 2000, said the unit he launched in May 2013 has all the modern gadgets to tackle, monitor and analyse messenger services that could help undesirable people communicate with cricketers.
"Whatever facility we have asked the BCCI to provide, they have provided without any limitations, and I've been given a free hand to buy anything that we want, any equipment that we want. It's not a question of money; it's a question of technical requirement. To that extent, there is no problem in acquiring anything," he informed.
For obvious reasons, Sawani, a former GM & chief investigator with the ICC's Anti-Corruption and Security Unit, declined to name the gadgets that the unit possesses.
"I wouldn't like to go into specific details as to what equipment we're using and for what purpose. That'll defeat the very purpose of what we're going to be looking into.
A surprise element should always be there as to what we can look into and what we can't," he said.
Reproduced From Mail Today Copyright 2014. MTNPL. All rights reserved.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

When celebrity style goes horribly wrongBigg Boss 8
Fashion Disasters of Bollywood Divas
Celebs not only make fashion statements but work hard at breaking them, as well. If you believe in following Bollywood divas for their impeccable fashion sense, then it is time to think again. Here are some Bollywood celebs whose impeccable looks just took a turn to the wrong side of the fashion sense.

Thailand Hunger Games salutebecomes-a-real...thailand    Cached
A woman holds up a three fingered salute during a protest against the Thai military coup at Terminal 21, a popular shopping mall in Bangkok, on June 1, 2014.

Upon merger  Kotak Mah Bk to have 1214 branches: Uday KotakThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Global shares fall on weak euro zone  China PMI dataThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Britain begins review to speed access to new drugs
Modi s visit to Janakpur in Nepal cancelledThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tech Mahindra acquires overseas firm LCC for USD 240 mnThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Young Nominee Are Best Option For Your Investments!Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

CAG seeks D6 audit for 2012-13  RIL agrees for 2013-14 tooThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

The 10 best selling cars in IndiaHi Guest
The 10 best selling cars in India
  Maruti Suzuki India's grip on the country's car market tightened in October with six of its models, including the newly launched mid-sized sedan Ciaz, featuring in the top 10 selling brands in the month.   According to the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers Association (SIAM) while entry level model Alto continues to lead the best selling model chart, Maruti's compact sedan Dzire moved up to the second spot ahead of popular premium compact Swift, which has ...

Dr. Reddy s Laboratories launches OTC Fexofenadine Hydrochloride 60 mg Extended-Release TabletsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Jindal Saw subsidiary raises Rs 775 cr loanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

New Sebi insider trading guidelines: Will it help curb insider trading11 Followers
Reposted about 18 days 4 hrs 33 min 56 sec ago by niftyhit
Mischievous will d out their own alternate ways....In US Rajat Gupta has been penalised. But even after him scandals have erupted. In a nation like India, this practice may reduce but there should be very strict punishments then only it would be possible.
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
2.33 PM Nov 20th

A lot of investors exited  volumes are weak. company is not bad  i thi...New Member
4 Followers
it`s real patience , market is high, sentiment of stock is low , buying in small lot is good,39-40 is bigger blockage thats good ,
lets see what will happen when little correction is gone , but still confident with the blockage

Is it  can you confirm the source pls  if true and fii limit is ra...Platinum Member
522 Followers
For all banks, FIIs can directly buy 49% from open market and then another 25% is allowed through FDI. For Yes Bank, approval so far is only upto 60%, but that can always be raised when needed. In Yes Bank, FIIs can buy 49% shares directly from stock market and another 11% is allowed if Yes Bank decides to list in ADR or GDR market which will be FDI.
ADR/GDR is good, as it takes away some demand of FIIs to that side of market and frees up on open market and that takes away part of 11% instead of part of 49%. Yes Bank should have done QIP through FDI rather direct share placement, it would have brought down FII holding percentage on dilution and not a single %age from 49% allotment would have been used, freeing up enough demand. But I guess they were in a hurry to raise funds before they give Q1 results which wasnt really good.

When sid said kfa is cancer i am not seeing any tweet77 Followers
I appreciate that you posted this..
but from what i can understand he is only trying to convey the same message like his father..that is..salary is beyond his control...
things like isis and cancer is only to tell us that these things are beyond anybodys control..look at isis/cancer and kfa seperately..not together..
this is not to say that siddharth mallya himself is a cancer. definitely dont want him back.

Every one is free to buy and sell. dont follow any one blindly.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

India demands technology transfer for HFCs phase outIndia demands technology transfer for HFCs phase out
Aesha Datta
Prakash Javadekar
Paris, November 20:  
Days of Indian silence on the issue of refrigerants hydrochlorocarbons (HFCs) was broken by Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar on Thursday at the Montreal Protocol talks.
Javadekar, who is the first Indian minister to attend the Montreal Protocol over the last few years, reiterated India's demands for technology transfer without patent restriction, financial assistance, and allowing developing countries, including India, more time for phasing down HFCs.
"There are no specific offers of technology transfer, technology demonstration and technology cooperation. IPR, patents, confidentiality are still the arguments being used by the (developed) countries. What is the use of those confidentiality and IPR issues if all of are facing the impacts of global warming," Javadekar asked at the High Level Segment of the10th Joint Meeting of the Parties to the Vienna Convention and the 26th Meeting of the Parties to the Montreal Protocol.
The statement from the Minister comes in the wake of the Indian delegation, led by A. Duraisamy, Director, Ozone Cell, Ministry of Environment and Forests (MOEF), had maintained silence on the issue of negotiating HFC phase down under the Montreal Protocol. India has been opposing any discussion on the matter for over six years, but has now indicated that it would be open to talking over it.
Clarifying India's now-changed stance, one of cooperation on discussion HFCs and HCFCs phase-out at the Montreal Protocol, the Minister, once again, referred to the bilateral joint statement by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and U.S. President Barack Obama.
The Minister, however, appears to have made it clear that the India's acquiescence would depend on the fulfilment of its demands of technology transfer and financial assistance, among others.
He also emphasised India's need for refrigeration and air-conditioning for the masses at an affordable cost, besides energy security. As such, India asked the developed countries to lower their barriers on patents to move ahead on HFC phase out in a cost effective manner.
"Do not keep your cards so close to your chest that you yourself cannot see them," Javadekar told them.
Late last night, a forward movement happened at the Montrea Protocol talks with nearly 200 countries agreeing to hold informal discussions on phasing out HFCs — a demand that has repeatedly been made by developed countries, such as the U.S., EU, Canada and others, over several years. However, developing nations have been opposing the same, primarily on the issue of costs and patents.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

RBI allows FIIs to buy equity in Yes BankRBI allows FIIs to buy equity in Yes Bank
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 20:  
The Reserve Bank today said FIIs can buy equity shares in private lender Yes Bank as shareholding by foreign investors has gone below the prescribed limit.
The RBI has removed Yes Bank from its caution list of monitoring foreign investment following the dip in shareholding by foreign investors below the prescribed limit.
“... the restrictions placed on the purchase of shares of the above bank are withdrawn with immediate effect,” an RBI notification said.
“Equity shares of Yes Bank can now be purchased through primary market and stock exchanges,” it added.
As per the data available on the BSE, FIIs held 46.30 per cent in Yes Bank as of quarter ended September 2014.
RBI monitors ceilings on FII/NRI/PIO investments in Indian companies on a daily basis. The RBI has fixed cut-off points two percentage points lower than the actual ceiling.
Shares of the bank today closed at Rs 676.25 per share on the BSE, down 0.72 per cent from the previous close.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

India scraps deal to acquire minesweeper from South KoreaIndia scraps deal to acquire minesweeper from South Korea
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 20:  
The Defence Ministry has scrapped the Rs 2,700-crore deal for acquiring two minesweeper vehicles from a South Korean firm after it was found that there were violations of tender conditions as agents were in the play.
The Ministry has terminated the tender for the Mine Countermeasure Vessels (MCMVs) and has written a letter to South Korean firm Kangnam Shipyard.
Official sources said Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar signed the recommendation for terminating the tender prior to his departure to Goa yesterday.
The recommendation had been made during the tenure of Arun Jaitley who was in charge of Defence portfolio till early this month.
The deal had been stuck for long because of allegations of involvement of middlemen and the new government had sought an opinion from Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi.
The Attorney General in his opinion last month said tender conditions have been violated, the sources said.
India’s defence procurement procedure does not allow agents in deals and the government has already encashed Rs 3 crore bank guarantee furnished by Kangnam.
Vendors have to sign a pre-contract integrity pact stating that there will be no middlemen involved.
As per the deal, the South Korean firm was to build two ships while the remaining six were to be manufactured by Goa Shipyard Limited (GSL) under the transfer of technology pact.
The deal with Kangnam was for about Rs 2,700 crore while the entire project would have cost over Rs 7,000 crore.
Sources said the Defence Acquisition Council, which will meet on Saturday, will decide the next course of action.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Enough urea stocks for rabi season: Ananth KumarEnough urea stocks for rabi season: Ananth Kumar
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 20:  
Amid reports of urea shortage in the country, Fertiliser Minister Ananth Kumar today said there is a surplus of the soil nutrient to meet the domestic requirements of the ongoing rabi sowing season.
Kumar said: “The total demand of urea in the country during November is around 35.28 lakh tonnes whereas the soil nutrient available in the country is around 42 lakh tonnes.”
The Minister also added that he has also requested the Railway Ministry to increase the number of racks used to transport urea throughout the country.
“We have requested the Railway Ministry that we need 30 racks on daily basis for transport of urea throughout the country,” Kumar added.
The Fertiliser Minister also said that government has already made arrangements and supply plans for urea in coming months of the ongoing rabi season.
“I can assure that there will not be any shortage of urea in the country,” he added.
The country’s annual urea demand is around 30 million tonnes, while the domestic production is at 22 million tonnes, the rest is met through imports.
Urea is controlled commodity and provided to farmers at fixed selling price of Rs 5,360 per tonne. The difference between cost of production and selling price is paid as subsidy to manufacturers.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Steel PSUs to build 3 500 toiletsSteel PSUs to build 3,500 toilets
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Nov 20:  
The Central public sector organisations under the Ministry of Steel have identified locations for 2,400 toilets out of 3,500 units planned to be built at a cost of Rs 100 crore.
Public sector units under the Ministry of Mines also have identified 135 schools where it would set up toilets.
These organisations are to spend Rs 7.5 crore for construction of 334 school toilets.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Infors Factory Track solutionInfor’s Factory Track solution
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov. 20:  
Infor, the US-based IT firm with development facilities in India, has launched Factory Track solution that helps manufacturers synchronise their enterprise-wide plans with the activities in their plants. Built for the Cloud, the solution was developed using Infor Mongoose, a rapid application development platform.  
“Factory Track will help manufacturers increase their operational efficiency and improve visibility across the warehouse and the shop floor,” the company said in an announcement on Thursday. One of the components of the solution, Warehouse Mobility, simplifies inventory management and automate data collection.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Indiabulls Securities shares surge over 9%Indiabulls Securities shares surge over 9%
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 20:  
Shares of Indiabulls Securities jumped over 9 per cent on BSE today after the company announced a Rs 600-crore acquisition of a firm by its subsidiary Indiabulls Distribution Services.
Indiabulls Securities ended the day 9.20 per cent higher at Rs 27.30 on the BSE. During the day, it soared 12 per cent to Rs 28.
At the NSE, shares of the company rose by 8.85 per cent to settle at Rs 27.05.
In terms of volume, 27.03 lakh shares of the company changed hands at the BSE, while over 72 lakh shares were traded at the NSE during the day.
Indiabulls Securities had yesterday said that Indiabulls Distribution Services Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company has acquired 100 per cent of the share capital of India Land and Properties Private Limited for a consideration of Rs 600 crore.
India Land and Properties owns a commercial complex of 3 towers with a total constructed area of 2.4 million Sq ft and leasable area of 2 million Sq ft, the company had said in a filing to the BSE.
The total land area of the complex is over 10 acres, it said.
The building complex is renamed as One Indiabulls Park, Chennai.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

MobiKwik appoints Virender Bisht as Chief Technology OfficerMobiKwik appoints Virender Bisht as Chief Technology Officer
Priyanka Pani
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov. 20:  
MobiKwik, a leading mobile wallet, has appointed Virender Bisht as its Chief Technology Officer. Bisht comes from MakeMyTrip.com, where he was the Vice President, Technology looking at Payments and Mobile domains, the company said in a statement. He comes with over 14 years of diverse experience and has worked with companies like Educomp, Studyplaces.com, TribalFusion, Exponential, and TCS. At MobiKwik, Virender will oversee all aspects of product research and development, user experience design and tech infrastructure. He holds a degree in Mechanical Engineering from National Institute of Technology, Kurukshetra.
Bipin Preet Singh, Founder CEO, MobiKwik said, “Bringing Virender on board is one of our many steps towards constantly enhancing the technology behind our product. We are a product focused start-up and we believe that creating wow payment experiences for our consumers will result in strong acceptance of our Digital Wallet. With Virender’s background, we are certain that he will play a critical role in creating a robust Engineering team and a culture of Excellence at MobiKwik which will further reflect in our product. We are aggressively hiring and plan to double the strength of our technology team of Android engineers, Java engineers, Server engineers, UI frontend engineers, and UX designers.
Virender’s appointment comes as a part of MobiKwik’s steady wave of expansion. The 90 people Wallet company plans to make other strategic appointments in the near future. It has announced plans to hire a Chief Marketing Officer, Head of Business Development & Partnerships and Head of Products over the next 2-3 months. MobiKwik has been witnessing unprecedented growth with an increasing user base and partnerships with leaders in all e-commerce categories. The key appointments in the organization are designed to contribute significantly to MobiKwik’s growth story.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Dr Reddy s launches OTC drugs in U.S. marketHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Dr Reddy's launches OTC drugs in U.S. market
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov. 20:  
Dr Reddy’s Laboratories today announced today that it has launched its over-the-counter (OTC) Fexofenadine Hydrochloride and Pseudoephedrine Hydrochloride Extended Release Tablets 60 mg / 120 mg, a bioequivalent generic version of Allegra-D® 12 Hour Allergy & Congestion, in the U.S. market on November 18.
Dr Reddy’s ANDA is approved by the United States Food & Drug Administration (USFDA).
The Allegra-D® 12 Hour brand has U.S. sales of approximately $49.8 million for the latest 52 weeks ending October 6, for Total US Multi Outlet according to IRI.
Dr Reddy’s Fexofenadine Hydrochloride and Pseudoephedrine Hydrochloride Extended Release Tablets 60 mg / 120 mg is available in a 20 count blister.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Rupee trading weak at 62.03 on sustained dollar demandRupee trading weak at 62.03 on sustained dollar demand
Our Bureau/PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 20:  
The rupee was trading weak at 62.03 at 3.32 p.m. local time on sustained dollar demand from importers amid strong greenback overseas.
After opening lower at 62.04 per dollar against yesterday’s closing level of 61.96 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market, the rupee depreciated sharply to a nine-month low of 62.22 in the late morning trade.
The domestic unit hovered in the range of 61.98 and 62.25 per dollar in the afternoon trade.
According to forex dealers, strengthening of US dollar overseas and higher demand from importers weighed heavily on the rupee movement.
In the New York market, the US dollar was trading strong against its major rivals and the Japanese yen slid to a seven-year low as speculators poured into carry trades funded by a tide of super-cheap liquidity from Bank of Japan.
The dollar index was trading marginally higher against most major currencies today on the back of dovish Fed meeting minutes released on Wednesday, as markets bet that the interest rates are set to rise next year.
Meanwhile, the 30-share BSE index Sensex was trading up 15.88 points or 0.06 per cent at 28,048.73.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Govt promoting black money with relaunch of KVP: CongressAjay Maken, Congress leader
New Delhi, Nov 20:  
Upping the ante over black money issue ahead of the Winter Session of Parliament, the Congress today accused the NDA Government of failing on its promise to bring back the illegal wealth and questioned its recent decision to reintroduce the saving certificates scheme.
“Government came to power with various promises including one about bringing back black money. It is sad that the government, which talked of bringing back black money is rather promoting black money,” AICC General Secretary Ajay Maken said.
With the objective to raise savings in the country, the government relaunched Kisan Vikas Patra (KVP), an instrument which aims to provide trusted option of investment to poor and keep them off ponzi schemes.
Citing a report of the Shyamala Gopinath Committee on Small Savings Schemes and their Public Policy Objectives, he said the panel had recommended that KVP should be discontinued in view of the risks of money laundering and financial terrorism.
“While the Narendra Modi-led government talked of bringing back black money and acting tough against corruption, they have re-introduced the (KVP) scheme, which was fraught with the risk of money laundering and financial terrorism. It was done away with because there was apprehension that it could promote black money.
“I want to know from Finance Minister Arun Jaitley as to why they reintroduced this scheme, which was abolished as per the committee’s recommendation. Did they earlier only do lip serving by talking about bringing back black money?” he asked.
Seeking to put NDA government on the defensive ahead of the Winter Session, Congress will soon come out with its second booklet projecting it as a government of “U-turns“.
A senior party leader said a compilation of contradictions between the promises made by BJP to people before elections and what actions it took since it came to office six months ago will be released soon.
Congress has been consistent in attacking the Prime Minister over his alleged “u-turns” on issues such as black money and national security.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Kotak Bank  ING Vysya Bank shares zoom on reported merger talksKotak Bank, ING Vysya Bank shares zoom on reported merger talks
Our Bureau
The share swap ratio that market players are expecting for the merger is two shares of KMB for every 2.5 shares of IVB held.
Mumbai, Nov 20:  
ING Vysya Bank (IVB), which is reported to be in talks for a possible merger with Kotak Mahindra Bank (KMB), has informed the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) that it “will abide by its obligations to make appropriate disclosures as and when such disclosures are necessitated by decisions taken by the company''.
There are reports that the Bengaluru headquartered IVB may be merged with Mumbai-headquartered KMB.
The share swap ratio that market players are expecting for the merger is two shares of KMB for every 2.5 shares of IVB held.
Kotak Mahindra Bank shares soared 7.28 per cent to end at Rs 1,157.05 on the BSE and ING Vysya Bank shares surged 7.15 per cent to end at Rs 814.20.
As of September-end 2014, ING Vysya Bank had deposits and advances aggregating Rs 44,652 crore and Rs 40,066 crore, respectively. It has 573 branches and extension counters and 635 ATMs across the country.
It was formed from the 2002 acquisition of an equity stake in Indian Vysya Bank by the Dutch ING Group. This merger marked the first between an Indian bank and a foreign bank. ING Group holds 42.73 per cent stake in the bank.
Shailendra Bhandari, MD & CEO, ING Vysya Bank, had submitted his resignation last month and the board of directors, at its meeting held October 28,2014, approved his letter of resignation. Bhandari will continue to be in the office till January 31, 2015.
In pursuance of its succession plan, the board, at the same meeting, proposed the appointment of Uday Sareen, currently Deputy CEO and Wholesale Banking Head as MD & CEO, subject to the approval of Reserve Bank of India.
As of September-end 2014, KMB (standalone) had deposits and advances aggregating Rs 68,103 crore and Rs 60,948 crore, respectively. It has 573 branches and extension counters and 635 ATMs across the country. KMB has 641 full-fledged branches across 363 locations and 1,159 ATMs.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

US court overturns Ranbaxys bid to block rival generic drugsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
US court overturns Ranbaxy’s bid to block rival generic drugs
Reuters
Tweet
Nov 20:  
A US court has denied a request by Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd to stop competitors from launching copies of AstraZeneca Plc's heartburn pill Nexium and Roche's antiviral Valcyte, a court filing showed.
Ranbaxy had sought the restraining order against Dr Reddy's Laboratories and US firm Endo International Plc in a lawsuit it filed against the US Food and Drug Administration last week for revoking tentative approvals to launch Nexium and Valcyte copies in the United States, its largest market.
US District Judge Beryl Howell in Minneapolis denied Ranbaxy's request, the court filing showed. The company, which is being acquired by larger local rival Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd for $3.2 billion, declined to comment on the case.
Analysts had expected generic Nexium to add about $150 million to Ranbaxy's overall sales in the first six months of its launch, while generic Valcyte was seen adding about $50 million to sales.
Earlier this month, the FDA told Ranbaxy it had made an error in granting the company tentative approval to launch the drugs, citing manufacturing quality lapses at Ranbaxy's India plants.
Ranbaxy and the FDA have until November 21 to submit a schedule for further proceedings in the case, the filing showed.
Ranbaxy shares were trading up 2.63 per cent at Rs 618 on the BSE in late morning trade.
(This article was published on November 20, 2014)
Related

Goldman Sachs elevates 78 to partner cadreGoldman Sachs elevates 78 to partner cadre
Jonathan Guthrie, Tom Braithwaite and Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f2736f38-6a97-11e4-bfb4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alibaba makes its bond market debutAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Stocks slip on global growth fearsS&P 500 at record after reassuring data
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0215de98-7061-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil price swings come too late for banks who made desk cutbacksOil price swings come too late for banks who made desk cutbacks
Gregory Meyer
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1f5b486a-4e44-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Personal technology: Samsung Gear S© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d796f0be-6e47-11e4-afe5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tim Bradshaw reviews a smartphone on the wrist© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d796f0be-6e47-11e4-afe5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japans Shinzo Abe dissolves parliamentShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Abe dissolves parliament
Nov 19, 2014 : Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe has called a snap election for December and will dissolve parliament on Friday. The FT's Asia News Editor, Louise Lucas, says the election is as much a vote on Abenomics as anything else.

Reforming South Korea s chaebolShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Reforming South Korea's chaebol
Nov 19, 2014 : South Korea’s corporate model of tightly knit companies that act in concert under family control is under scrutiny after Hyundai’s $10bn purchase of a plot of land in Seoul’s Gangnam district. The FT’s Simon Mundy weighs the model’s pros and cons.

ECB inflation target fails credibility testNovember 19, 2014 5:18 am
ECB inflation target fails credibility test
Andrew Balls
Japan shows costs of acting too late on deflation risk
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/da6ccfb2-6e4b-11e4-bffb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cracks appear in Nordic economic modelConcern rises as cracks appear in Nordic model
Richard Milne, Nordic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/65438762-6fef-11e4-a0c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sri Lanka president calls snap pollSri Lanka president calls snap poll
James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f45d3a84-7098-11e4-9129-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBS fined 56m for IT meltdownRoyal Bank of Scotland fined £56m for IT meltdown
Emma Dunkley, Claer Barrett and John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e8d7d5e-7084-11e4-9129-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ma blames consumers for widespread fakes© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4bba4756-7088-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Defence deals fortify Babcocks positionBabcock profits rise as outsourcer fortifies position in defence
Gill Plimmer
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/71290cd4-7092-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BBVA gambles on Turkish growthNovember 20, 2014 1:35 pm
BBVA gambles on growth with Turkish move
Daniel Dombey in Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f8b9d07e-70b1-11e4-9129-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BNP shakes up investment banking unitBNP Paribas shakes up investment banking division
Michael Stothard in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d108b5d0-70a3-11e4-9129-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

View: Chinas banks face disruptionNovember 20, 2014 11:10 am
View: China’s banks face disruption
Jonathan Woetzel and Jeongmin Seong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fa232b90-6fd5-11e4-a0c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK banker bonus cap appeal suffers blowOsborne gives up on challenge to bank bonus cap
Alex Barker in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/12d1ba3a-7094-11e4-9129-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ukraine takes its toll on Raiffeisen BankUkraine takes its toll on Raiffeisen Bank
James Shotter in Zürich
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8f3c0674-7081-11e4-9129-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Power ing India through change'Power'ing India through change
Satyaki Dey        Last Updated: November 12, 2014  | 10:26 IST
Satyaki Deyis student of the Post Graduate Programme (PGP Class of 2015) at the Indian School of Business.
Even after 20 years post liberalisation, India is yet to meet its commitments on 'Power for All'. Interestingly, this stands in stark contrast to the fact that as on August 2014, India had an installed capacity of 250 GW (with another 88 GW capacity addition planned for 2017), positioning it 4th in the list of nations having the highest power generating capacity on the planet. However, on closer look it would seem that the Five-Year Plans , while planning for capacity addition, didn't adequately plan for the impediments that typically come in the way of such massive projects. Identifying some key stakeholders and their roles in India's power capacity addition plans can provide valuable insights as to how some of the bottlenecks can be removed.
Foremost among the causes can be traced to the award stage of any infrastructure contract. Government contracts especially should focus more on quality of final deliverables than on execution methodology. This eliminates time delays associated with micromanagement and additional compliance costs. In fact, 30 per cent of tender awards are delayed due to inability of bidders to meet strict compliance criteria. Next we notice that most national power projects also fare poorly when it comes to execution. Unscientific project planning and inefficient resource and skill deployment of the executing agency often lead to cost and time overruns. A McKinsey study estimates that an improvement in execution alone can bring in several billion dollars in savings over the next five years. Therefore, the execution agency on its part should focus on project planning activities, quality compliance and efficient resource deployment. Often, it also helps to outsource non-core activities such as design and engineering to specialists. Finally, at the heart of any power project are the EPC contractors, who own almost 80 per cent stake in the completion of any project. These agencies are typically integration experts who work with clients, execution agencies and a plethora of government bodies to facilitate project completion by providing end-to-end solutions from conceptualization to project hand-over. Some ways in which EPC agencies can contribute to efficient project completion are listed below.
1. Scope of work needs to be clearly defined to avoid coordination delays and cost overruns. At present, a 250MW coal-based plant in India takes anything between 35 and 48 months and costs Rs 1,500 crore. Similar or bigger projects in the US or China, which follow sound project management practices, get completed in 24 months and cost half as much.
2. Sound procurement strategies such as rate contracts for standardized low-value items and market prices for non-standardized high-value items ensure better quality and control. The EPC agencies should also aggregate orders for items across projects to gain volume discounts. Items such as steel when aggregated across projects can alone save 10 per cent of all project costs.
3. Efforts should be made to adopt value-based approaches. Contracts should be designed to encourage minimalistic designs, value engineering and smart construction practices and discourage redundancies. Huge cost reductions have been realised in several captive power projects employing these practices alone.
4. EPC players should equip themselves with end-to-end approval mechanisms, skilled workforce and sufficient manufacturing capacity with related supply chain to achieve timely completion and payment realisation.
Thus, when sound management principles and industry best practices alone provide a way of realising a staggering $200 billion of additional GDP, it makes tremendous sense that concerted efforts by all the stakeholders be taken to help India achieve its objective of 'Power for All'.
Satyaki Dey is student of the Post Graduate Programme (PGP Class of 2015) at the Indian School of Business. Satyaki did his B.Tech from NIT Trichy and has close to four years of hands-on experience in BHEL's project management division. He was actively involved in the engineering and commissioning of several turnkey supercritical power projects for NTPC, DVC and SEBs.
Disclaimer: Views expressed are personal.

Click smart selfies with Lava s new Iris Selfie 50 smartphone
We need to grow 100% every year: SEB Group CEOShamni Pande      Follow @ShamniPande    Last Updated: November 17, 2014  | 19:07 IST
Sunil Wadhwa, CEO, Groupe SEB India (right), with Emmanuel Serot Almeras, Vice President - Marketing, with the company's products.
Home appliances maker Groupe SEB entered India in December 2011 after buying a 55 per cent stake in Maharaja Whiteline, founded by Harish Kumar in 1976. But things did not go according to plan. There were differences over running the company and management control. In May this year, Groupe SEB bought out Kumar's remaining stake in the company. It also retained Sunil Wadhwa as its CEO. Wadhwa speaks to Shamni Pande about the company's plans. Edited excerpts:
Q. The brand has virtually lost out on all the traction it had due to the churn in the organisation. What was your initial challenge to get things rolling?
A. No, Maharaja Whiteline definitely has a huge recall value and traction among dealers and consumers - people still remember the '1-2-3' jingle well. We are also going to reach out to people through our in-store contacts and promotions and also through digital/social media.
Already, our Facebook has 50,000 fans and our website has more than two lakh visitors. But, yes, the dealers were a little unhappy when the company stopped servicing the brand due to internal changes. The whole point of buying the company was its brand value. Having said that, it is not complicated to effect a turnaround for a player that became quiet for some time.
The first thing is to get competent people on board. This we have through a competent international team from Groupe SEB and includes people like Emmanuel Serot Almeras, Vice-President, Marketing, and Calogero Franchina, Vice President, Operations. Other than this, we have roped in veterans from the industry and together, we have a team of 27 people across functions.
The second task was to re-connect with our distributors. We have doubled our reach in the last seven months are now available at 35,000 outlets. We hope to be available across one lakh outlets by 2016. The third challenge was to put in place an after-sales and supply chain in place. We have already put in place 165 service centres in the last eight months.
We open an outlet only after the service centre is in place. Often, people do not call the consumer helpline and go to the dealer they buy the product from. Hence, we have a separate number for the dealers who can resolve issues within 24 hours.
Q. How much will e-commerce factor in your strategy?
A. The traditional trade still accounts for 80 per cent of the business. But that apart, we are going to have an equally active play on e-commerce and have a relationship with Flipkart and Amazon. We have created separate shop-in-shop features on these platforms that allow consumers to watch our product videos and promos and get special offers online. This will be very integral to our sales and marketing strategy.
Q. Have you not lost time and now local and international players have managed to gain ground?
A. Yes, others have come into the fray. But no one really has more than 10 per cent of the market on a collective basis of the Rs 13,000-crore market for small home appliances. Another way of looking at it is that the market itself is not too well penetrated and we have, therefore, big room for growth. We will first concentrate on our areas of strength in the north, Gujarat and the east. We will begin to tap Maharashtra, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala next year. We will not enter Tamil Nadu for the time being.
Q. What is your growth target?
A. Our turnover is around Rs 230 crore and we are looking at 70 per cent growth by this calendar year. This is against an industry growth of seven per cent. To reach our target of being a Rs 1,000-crore company by 2017, we need to grow at least 100 per cent every year.
Q. How will you deal with Maharaja Whiteline and other international brands in the Groupe SEB portfolio?
A. We are introducing 70 new products. This has been possible due to our internal R&D and design team and the knowledge from Groupe SEB. Initially, all launches will be under the Maharaja Whiteline brand. That is what the market recognizes and connects with the most.
But as we go forward, by 2016, we will introduce some of the top brands from our international portfolio under the Tefal, Rowenta and Moulinex ranges. These would be at a premium range, while Maharaja will be in the economy price bracket.
Q. Is 'Make-in-India' going to help your manufacturing ambition and is there a greater role for your Baddi factory?
A. It is certainly a great statement of intent and we are looking for greater clarity on the announcement the government is likely to make on the taxes (GST), labour and industrial policy. Baddi is the largest small appliances manufacturing factory in India. It helps to meet our current requirement. But, going forward, we will need to look at other options that are perhaps more efficient in terms of transport and freight that can aid our export ambition as well.

Govt to take imminent steps to curb surging gold imports as trade deficit fears riseIndia is likely to announce measures to curb gold imports as early, a senior finance ministry source said. (Reuters)
By: Reuters | Posted: November 18, 2014 4:12 pm
India is likely to announce measures to curb gold imports as early as Tuesday, a senior finance ministry source said, as a surge in inbound shipments threatens to worsen the country’s trade deficit.
“We are working on it. The measures to slow gold imports are almost ready and may be announced today or tomorrow,” said the source, who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the matter.
Gold imports into India, the world’s No. 2 gold consumer behind China, surged nearly fourfold in October to $4.18 billion from a year ago, data showed on Monday.
Although India’s trade deficit has so far been kept in check by lower oil imports, analysts warn that is unlikely to last if inbound gold shipments continue to surge.
Struggling with high current account and trade deficits, India last year raised the import duty on gold to a record 10 percent and imposed other import restrictions, some of which it relaxed in May.
Imports of the precious metal have risen steadily since August, boosted by jewellery demand for the wedding season, raising concerns among policymakers.
Last Thursday, officials from the Reserve Bank of India and the finance ministry met to review the country’s gold import policy, but no decision was taken.

Modi govt forges deeper business ties with IsraelTova Cohen and Ari Rabinovitch     Tel Aviv   Last Updated: November 19, 2014  | 13:15 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
At the United Nations General Assembly in New York in September 2013, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu set aside time for a critical meeting. But it wasn't United States President Barack Obama he was keen to see. It was Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Since Modi came to power after a landslide election victory in May, ties between Israel and the government have been in overdrive, with the two signing a series of defence and technology deals that have underscored their burgeoning commercial and political relationship.
The same month as the UN meeting , the Prime Minister's cabinet cleared a long-delayed purchase of Israeli missiles for its navy. In October, the government closed a US $520 million deal to buy Israeli anti-tank missiles. And last week, a jointly developed aerial defence system passed a major trial, which the government called a "milestone".
"There is great momentum in cooperation, on both the defence and economic sides," Naftali Bennett, Israel's economy minister and a member of Netanyahu's inner cabinet, told Reuters.
The country is now the largest buyer of Israeli military equipment, while Israel is the country's largest customer after Russia. In the first nine months of 2014, bilateral trade reached US $3.4 billion, on target for a record this year.
While that may not be vast in global terms, it has helped push Asia to the brink of overtaking the US as Israel's largest export market after the European Union.
The country is steadily catching up with China as it buys more Israeli defence and cyber-security technology, an area where China is limited since the US frowns on Israel dealing too freely with Beijing in defence matters.
The roots of the Israel relationship go back to 2006, when Modi was chief minister of Gujarat and visited the region to explore new ideas in irrigation, an area of Israeli expertise.
As a result, the country started buying drip-feed technology, said Amnon Ofer, a friend of the Prime Minister's and chairman of NaanDanJain Irrigation, formed after home-grown Jain Irrigation acquired a firm created by two Israeli collective farms.
Under Modi's predecessor, Manmohan Singh, the government kept its relationship with Israel under wraps, in part so as not to upset its Muslim minority, said C Raja Mohan, head of strategic studies at the Observer Research Foundation in the national capital.
"Cynics in Israel would point out that Delhi was treating Tel Aviv like a mistress - engage in private but refuse to be seen with in public," said Mohan. "The Modi government is having none of that."
The question is where the relationship goes from here. Strategically, Israel is glad to have a rising Asian power as an ally. But for both the focus is really on business.
Israel Ports is partnering Ahmedabad-based Cargo Motors to build a deepwater port in Gujarat, and Israel-based TowerJazz is teaming up with Jaiprakash Associates and IBM with plans to build a US $5.6 billion chip plant near the national capital.
At a security conference in Tel Aviv last week, executives from top domestic firms were shopping for systems to secure their pipelines, refineries and other infrastructure.
All the activity has lead to expectations that the two countries' governments will finalise a free trade agreement in 2015.
"That means trade will double or triple," said Anat Bernstein-Reich, who chairs the Israel-India Chamber of Commerce, an office hoping and preparing for a boom.
(Reuters)

To attract investors  India needs to ensure predictability in rulesPrint
Written by Sandeep Singh | Posted: November 19, 2014 12:57 am
South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley, who has successfully pushed manufacturing in her state in the US, says that India now needs to make things predictable for investors to come and invest. In an interview with Sandeep Singh, Haley said that while there is a lot of confidence in the current leadership, investors want to be sure that there won’t be any risk. Excerpts:
What are the elements that India needs to address to make the ‘Make in India’ programme a success?
You have to focus on three things. First is the business climate, where you need to reduce regulations, taxes and make sure that it is easy to do business. The second is training or workforce skills development and then you have to build trust — predictability and consistency in what businesses can expect. So, you have to change the culture in India where people are excited about the programme and want to buy products made in India for themselves.
What kind of predictability is required?
Predictability on the government that it will stay out of the way and ensure ease in doing business. When companies invest, there is a risk attached. So, they would like to be sure that the rules won’t change later. And they also want to ensure that the quality and consistency of the product is going to be good.
Have there been any quality issues regarding products manufactured in China?
We have watched a lot of companies go to China from South Carolina and now we are witnessing a lot of international companies coming back to America and South Carolina because the consistency of the quality did not hold up in China. I think companies now can’t afford to not have the right quality because they can’t have their reputation tarnished by the fact that their consistency was not good. We have brought back Element Electronics (TV manufacturer), Kent Bicycles, GT Tyres and several textile, plastic and toy companies from China.
What about the manufacturing quality in India?
I think they just need to make sure that it is consistent and everything needs to be made with a source of pride. Everything that has ‘Made in India’ on it — the workforce needs to be committed that that is good. People of India need to be proud in what they produce and then only others would want to buy their products. There has to be a change in culture within the companies and the workforce has to be told that every product that goes out of the door matters. That was the hardest part for me in South Carolina
What are US investors looking for in India?
There is a lot of confidence in the new government and everybody is feeling good about the leadership in India. What they want to know is that there won’t be any risk — government or quality risk. A lot of manufacturers are interested in India because of the cost of doing business here is good and they know that the population is strong.

India  Australia to expedite CECA  N-pact; reconstitute business forumPrint
Written by P Vaidyanathan Iyer | Melbourne | Posted: November 19, 2014 12:54 am | Updated: November 19, 2014 12:59 am
With trade, investment and further deepening of ties in mind, Australia and India on Tuesday decided to conclude early on a Comprehensive Economic Cooperation Agreement (CECA), expedite implementation of the civil nuclear agreement, and reconstitute the CEO Forum.
Capping his five-day visit to Australia — three in Brisbane, a day in Sydney and today in Canberra and Melbourne — the first by an Indian Prime Minister in 30 years, Narendra Modi left for Fiji late evening after a grand reception and dinner at the famous Melbourne Cricket Ground by Prime Minister Tony Abbott.
The two countries signed five memoranda of understanding on social security, art and culture, narcotics, tourism and transfer of sentenced persons. For Prime Minister Abbot, an early conclusion of the CECA is a top priority. Ahead of Modi’s address to the joint session of Parliament, Abbott said India-Australia trade at $15 billion was underdeveloped and needed to be “cranked up”. Australia has already inked a trade deal with China with Xi Jinping here, and earlier with Japan and South Korea.
In a joint statement in Canberra, they directed that an equitable, balanced, mutually beneficial and high-quality CECA be brought to an early conclusion to realise the potential of commercial relations. “The next round of negotiations will be held in December. The two Prime Ministers hoped for better market access for good and services,” the statement said.
Expressing satisfaction at the increase in investment, they, however, recognised the tremendous untapped potential. “Indian investment in the resource sector in Australia promises to create jobs and value for the Australian economy just as Australian investment in cold chain storage, energy, infrastructure and other sectors can do for the Indian economy,” the statement issued in Canberra said.
Later in day in Melbourne, Prime Minister Modi spoke to a select group of top Australian CEOs and also addressed a business gathering of Australia India Business Council. The Indian Prime Minister said this was the right time to invest in India and said he personally would ensure they did not face any hurdles. “We have created a fast track mechanism for public private partnerships and also a single window mechanism for facilitating business,” Modi said.
He said the country was pursuing reforms to enhance the ease of business and was also on the path of improving the work culture. “You will find a policy environment that is predictable, transparent and fair,” the Prime Minister said, adding the government will take all efforts for faster and inclusive growth. India had three Ds — democracy, demographics and demand — which make it an ideal destination for Australia, Modi said.
“In the first quarter of 2014-15, we grew 5.7 per cent. This is one per cent higher than the (corresponding period) previous year. The OECD has projected that India will be the only large economy that will show a higher growth compared with the previous year,” he said. India will hold a ‘Make in India’ show in Australia in 2015. Australia would also be holding Business Week in India in January 2015.

Transfer pricing case: Shell not liable to pay tax  says HCPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: November 19, 2014 12:55 am
The Bombay High Court on Tuesday ruled that global oil major Shell is not liable to pay tax on the transfer pricing tax demand raised by the Income Tax department in 2009.
The I-T department had sought to add Rs 15,000 crore to the company’s taxable income after its parent Shell Gas invested in the shares of its local unit four years ago. While Shell invested in its Indian unit at Rs 10 per cent share, the I-T department had valued the shares at Rs 180 a share in January 2013 and charged Shell India with undervaluing share transfer within the group and evading tax. This is the second transfer pricing tax order passed against the I-T department after the Vodafone case.
The income tax order came under severe criticism from foreign investors who argued such demands will discourage foreign investment in India. The order will impact other cases where the multinationals are fighting against the tax department on similar grounds. Shell called it a tax on foreign direct investment and moved the Bombay High Court in April 2013.
Shell India said, “This is a positive outcome which should provide a further boost to the Indian government’s initiatives to improve the country’s investment climate.”
SP Singh, senior director, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, said, “It establishes that additions without business, economic and legal logics will not have approval of the judicial process. It confirms the concept that arm’s length principle for price determination of a transaction should be applied when there is income, expense or interest involved.”
The court had last month ruled in favour of Vodafone in another transfer pricing case relating to undervaluation of share capital issued by Vodafone India Services Pvt Ltd to its Mauritius parent. The I-T department sought to bring the transaction of issue of share capital within the transfer pricing ambit and raised a demand of around Rs 3,200 crore. However, the court held that issue of shares does not give rise to any income and there can be no question of any adjustment.

Arpita Khan s journey from RAGS to RICHES!Photo uploaded by Poornima Grover
on Nov 18, 2014 , 01:47 pm
13868 Views  |  8  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Arpita Khan might not have been born with a silver spoon; but destiny definitely made her the golden girl as she entered and became the youngest member of Bollywood's famous Khan family.     Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search
Arpita Khan might not have been born with a silver spoon; but destiny definitely made her the golden girl as she entered and became the youngest member of Bollywood's famous Khan family.     Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search

Big e-commerce players dominate online salesStory
Big is Beautiful
In the festive season frenzy of online shopping, the big players have elbowed out the small ones, in more ways than one.
Manu Kaushik and Arpita Mukherjee        Edition: Nov 23, 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
Ahmedabad-based Anish Nagpal has been selling products online since December 2011. He sells clothing, footwear and home decor under his own brands, Cenizas and Macoro.
In October, as festival buying peaked, Nagpal's company cashed in by selling over 80,000 items, much higher than the average of some 50,000 in other months. However, around 90 per cent of his sales, in terms of the number of items, were on Flipkart and Snapdeal, the two big e-commerce rivals which, fattened with funding, have unleashed high-decibel advertising campaigns .
The others - Naaptol, ShopClues, HomeShop18, Limeroad and Indiatimes - where, too, Nagpal peddles his wares, brought in little more than chickenfeed.
"Large e-commerce sites generate more traffic and therefore we tend to focus more on them," says Nagpal. On October 6 alone, Flipkart's Big Billion Day, a discount carnival intended as a tribute to the flat number 610 in which Sachin and Binny Bansal set up the company in 2007, Nagpal sold 11,000 items on the site.
Nagpal, who has nearly 15,000 product varieties and an online stock of 1.5 lakh products, says that even in terms of listings and catalogue he is biased towards large players. "At the end of the day, I have limited inventory and bandwidth. I will put my efforts behind the big names."
He is not the only one to think like that. In January this year, electrical equipment maker Havells India started selling its 700 products online through tie-ups with Amazon, Naaptol, Pepperfry and Indiatimes. The company quickly realised that the large ones, with their scale, gave more for less. In October, Havells sold 3,000 pieces to these websites out of which 2,500 went to Amazon India. "We have just started selling online and we are still testing this channel. A bigger e-commerce company can help us in understanding the market better," says a Havells spokesperson.
Likewise, consumers, too, are moving towards the biggies. In Pune, 28-year-old Mohua Mandal was shocked out of her wits when her father's customary Diwali gift this year, a saree, was delivered to her by Flipkart. Kolkata-based Santosh, Mohua's father, found it the most convenient way. The choice was vast and the discount deep. And there would be no need for him to find a courier to carry the saree from Kolkata to Pune.
Santosh, a retired railways professional, is hardly the kind that listens to punk rock on headphones and makes online purchases in coffee shops. But the sustained advertising blitzkrieg by the big e-commerce players first made him curious and then a convert.
"There was a tangible decline in footfall and transaction [in malls and offline stores], which was attributed by retailers to the whole e-commerce shebang," says Devangshu Dutta, CEO of consulting firm Third Eyesight.
E-commerce: Today vs Tomorrow
According to industry body Gartner, the e-commerce market stands at $3.5 billion, which is expected to reach $6 billion in 2015, a 71 per cent growth.
Experts attribute the growth this year to the publicity around the growing e-commerce market, deep discounts and the ease of purchase. This, along with a one-upmanship battle raging between the big guys - Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon - a lot more willing customers are joining the online consumer base.
However, this growth is hardly even. The likes of Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazon and eBay are taking away the lion's share of it. Small and niche e-commerce firms such as Infibeam, Naaptol, Tradus, and a plethora of others, seem to have lost ground due to inadequate money power.
eTailing India estimates suggest that the pie this festive season was gobbled up mostly by Flipkart, Amazon, Snapdeal and eBay. While there are no official estimates, the Big Four have together cornered 70 per cent of the e-tailing market, averaging out the sales during the festive and non-festive seasons.
Starting with the Big Billion Sale on October 6, when it sold products worth $100 million in 10 hours and saw a billion hits on the website, Flipkart had a dream run in the month. If traffic is a good proxy to measure sales, Flipkart was far ahead of the others on that day. However, according to Internet agency SimilarWeb, there were 16.4 million visits on Flipkart on October 6. For smaller ones like Homeshop18 and Lenskart, the numbers were merely 543,056 and 120,852.
E-commerce: Hits and misses
Throughout October, Flipkart had an average daily traffic of 10 million, compared with six million in the month before. Its October revenue stood at around $400 million, while Snapdeal clocked some $120 million, according to Spire Research and Consulting. Smaller players registered far lower revenues.
Sandeep Sharma, Co-founder and Chief Operating Officer of niche e-commerce portal Yepme.com, accepts that the large players are hogging the limelight. "I think smaller e-commerce players have been overshadowed by the bigger players. Companies such as FashionAndYou, Lenskart, Fashionara and ShopClues don't have the kind of money that big e-commerce sites have raised or have committed for expansion. Big players have deep pockets which smaller companies can't match."
Yepme sells its products on its own website (Yepme.com) as well as other large e-commerce portals such as Flipkart-Myntra and Snapdeal. The buzz created by large players resulted in Yepme clocking higher sales growth on other portals as compared to its own website in October. "The sales growth on other websites was 100 per cent in October, whereas the growth on our own website was just 50 per cent," says Sharma.
Other small outfits disagree with him. Naaptol, Homeshop18, Mydala and Infibeam say they, too, have grown well. Mydala claims its sales rose 60 per cent during the festive season. "We are not spending anything close to what they are spending," says its Co-founder and Chief Technology Officer, Ashish Bhatnagar. "We cannot make that big marketing push. Not just because they have deep pockets but also because we do not believe this will give us return on investment."
We see huge traffic whenever big players advertise
SANJAY SETHI
Co-founder/CEO, ShopClues.com
Homeshop18 says it wouldn't be squeezed by the march of the e-commerce biggies because most of its revenues come from television. "The web audience is evolved and can do its own online research. Television audience is different; you need to hold their hand," says Vikrant Khanna, Chief Operating Officer, TV Business, Homeshop18.
The smaller firms also say that profitability is supreme for them. Infibeam Founder and CEO Vishal Mehta says size is important, but so is profitability. "Those who have the largest market shares will not necessarily be the last men standing." Infibeam, he says, broke even last year and expects profits this year.
The small outfits say they benefit from the rub-off of the advertising campaigns of the big players. "We see huge traffic whenever big players advertise," says Sanjay Sethi, Co-founder and CEO, ShopClues.com, an online marketplace.
Advertising spends by e-commerce players this festive season in the week leading up to Diwali were 40 to 60 per cent higher, says ad retargeting company Vizury. Take the case of Snapdeal. A 10-second spot on Sony's game show KBC costs around Rs 6 lakh, and Snapdeal has gone in for an in-show integration, with a Snapdeal-branded question, for which it would be paying a premium of 25 to 30 per cent.
ShopClues, with much less money to play with, decided to stay away from the print and TV advertising frenzy. As compared to around nine to 12 per cent of the top line for large players, ShopClues spent around 6.5 per cent on marketing in the festive season. It confined itself to a small awareness campaign.
Gaurav Gupta, Senior Director, Deloitte India, says the smaller players will continue to get squeezed. "It requires a large amount of capabilities to become a large player: building brand, product catalogue, offering competitive prices, and customer experience. In all these areas, large players clearly have an advantage."
Experts believe in specific categories such as fashion, those other than Jabong and Myntra clearly lost out on the discounts battle.
The small players, many of which thrive in niche segments, will face more heat because the big ones have followed them there. Flipkart acquired Myntra this year to widen its apparel offerings. Snapdeal sells furniture, an area that was so far the domain of mainly FabFurnish and Pepperfry.
However, FabFurnish Co-founder Vikram Chopra is unfazed. "The experience that players like us can offer is unmatched. You need specialised experience in running a furniture business online. Walmart sells furniture in its store, but people still go to Ikea."
That they do, but the moneybags have veered largely towards the big e-commerce players in India. With the recent round of investment of $627 million from Japan-based SoftBank, which it announced on October 28, Snapdeal has now raised about $1 billion from investors such as Temasek, Myriad, Tybourne, and Blackrock.
Flipkart has also raised substantial sums from investors such as Tiger Global, Accel Partners and Morgan Stanley. Then there are the Indian arms of the global biggies Amazon and eBay.
Experts say that e-commerce in India is in a habit forming stage and money will have to flow - in advertising and discounts - to lure more consumers, and bring them online more frequently. That is why investors do not mind punting on the promising ones like Flipkart, which many have taken to calling India's Amazon, and Snapdeal, its close rival.
The question is, for how long will they continue to pump in money without worrying about profits? For the smaller ones, it is the opposite: how long will they make do with claims of profitability, without worrying about funding?
Follow the authors on Twitter at @manukaushik and @arpitamukherjee. For any queries, you can mail them at manu.kaushik@intoday.com or Arpita.Mukherjee@intoday.com.
Additional reporting by Arunima Mishra and Taslima Khan.

Now  a machine that converts water into fuelNow, a machine that converts water, CO2 into fuel
ANI     Washington   Last Updated: November 19, 2014  | 18:25 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
2A new machine has been recently revealed the "first of its kind" machine that could turn water and carbon dioxide into the synthetic petroleum-based fuels.
German cleantech company Sunfire GmbH has unveiled a rig, which uses what it calls "Power-to-Liquid" technology to convert water (H2O) and carbon dioxide (CO2) into liquid hydrocarbons; synthetic petrol, diesel and kerosene, CNet reported.
The technique has been based around the Fischer-Tropsch process developed in 1925, combined with solid oxide electrolyser cells (SOECs).
The SOECs are used to convert electricity supplied by renewable sources such as wind and solar to steam. Oxygen is removed from this steam to produce hydrogen.
The rig, at this stage, is for demonstration and feasibility purposes; its capacity for CO2 recycling is currently at around 3.2 tonnes per day, and it has the capacity to produce a barrel of fuel per day.

India to overtake US to become second-largest Internet market soonIndia will touch 302 million by end of this year, overtaking the US as the second-largest Internet market in the world.
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: November 19, 2014 7:54 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 8:20 am
Buoyed by strong growth in Internet consumption on mobile devices, the number of people online in India is forecast to touch 302 million by end of this year, overtaking the US as the second-largest Internet market in the world.
According to a report by the Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) and IMRB International, the number of Internet users in India is expected to grow 32 per cent to 302 million this year from 213 million at the end of December last year.
The Internet userbase in the country is further estimated to grow to 354 million by June 2015.
Currently, India has the third-largest Internet userbase in the world but with the estimated growth, the country will overtake the US as the second-largest Internet userbase in the world by December-end.
At present, China leads with more than 600 million Internet users, while the US has an estimated 279 million users.
“The Internet in India took more than a decade to move from 10 million to 100 million and 3 years from 100 million to 200 million.
“However, it took only a year to move from 200 to 300 million users. Clearly, Internet is mainstream in India today,” IAMAI-IMRB said in a statement.
Of the 278 million users, 177 million are in urban India, higher by 29 per cent from last year. This is expected to reach 190 million by December 2014 and 216 million by June 2015.
In rural India, the number of Internet users increased by 39 per cent to reach 101 million in October 2014. It is expected to reach 112 million by December 2014 and 138 million by June 2015.

Shares of coal-related firms face brunt of SC rulingStory
Breaking into pieces
We analyse the impact of cancellation of coal blocks on banks and steel, power and mining companies
Rahul Oberoi      Follow @iamrahuloberoi    Edition: November 2014
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
On September 24, the Supreme Court cancelled nearly all the 218 coal blocks the central government had allocated between 1993 and 2010. The court said the allocations were arbitrary, illegal and amounted to unfair distribution of national wealth. This will hit a number of power, steel and mining companies, besides banks that have lent to these companies. Earlier, on August 25, the court had declared the allotments illegal. Since then, the BSE Metal index slid 9% till October 8, while BSE Power and BSE Bankex fell 4.4% and 2%, respectively.
Among metal stocks, Jindal Steel and Power (JSPL) and Hindalco fell 34% and 9.6%, respectively. Jaiprakash Power Ventures, Bank of India and Punjab National Bank fell 22.2%, 18.6% and 8.5%, respectively. Mayuresh Joshi, VP, institution, Angel Broking, says, "The impact on banks may be severe as their exposure to coal, mining and infrastructure sectors is 6-13%. They have lent Rs 5 lakh crore to the power sector alone. The key issue for banks is exposure to second-rung companies which may find it difficult to pay interest on loans as their mines have been cancelled." Out of the 218 blocks, most were held by power companies (95), followed by iron and steel (69). A total of 41 were for commercial mining.
Major listed private companies which had got coal blocks since 1993 included Jindal group (11, of which seven were for Jindal Steel and Power), Bhushan group (5), Hindalco (4) and Tata group (6). India produces 560 million tonnes (mt) coal per year. Over the last five years, incremental addition to production has been only 70 mt per year. Despite having huge coal reserves, India imports close to 200 million tonnes coal every year for its power and steel plants. Vinay Khattar, head of research, individual clients, Edelweiss Financial Services, says, "In the next one year, until the dust over the cancellation of the blocks settles, coal is expected to be in short supply."
IMPACT ON METAL & MINING
Among the blocks in question, 40 are operational and expected to produce 53 mt coal a year, around 10% of India's 2014-15 production. Although after March 2015 the mines will go to Coal India if they cannot be auctioned, the current owners, which have invested heavily in end-use plants, can get these back by bidding in the auctions .
"The immediate impact of the cancellation of the 40 blocks will be felt by a clutch of companies, including JSPL and Hindalco. Jayaswal Neco Industries, Prakash Industries and Monnet Ispat will also be hit," says Khattar.
Crisil Research says companies whose coal blocks are operational will see a sharp decline in profitability after 2014-15 as they will have to use imported coal , which is four times more expensive.
JSPL, TO BE HIT
The worst-hit is JSPL as it has the largest number of operational captive mines, which produce 12 mt coal every year. According to Kamlesh Bagmar, senior research analyst, institutional equities, Prabhudas Lilladher, JSPL will have to pay a one-time penalty of Rs 3,300 crore on its estimated production of 110 mt from inception till March 2015, equivalent to 154% and 87% of estimated net profits in 2014-15 and 2015-16, respectively.
The JSPL stock has fallen 43.7% since the start of the financial year. It was at Rs 166.20 on October 8. It touched a high of Rs 340.15 on June 9. About the future of the stock, Khattar says, "Although the negatives seem to be priced in, uncertainty around future performance will not allow the stock to rise in the near future."
However, Joshi of Angel Broking says, "Companies such as JSPL and Hindalco may take a one-time hit on return on equity but earnings sustainability may continue as they do not face debt servicing challenges." Hindalco, minor hit: The impact is expected to be small. The company is expected to be charged a penalty of Rs 500 crore as it has mined only 17 mt coal from the disputed mines so far. Hindalco had Rs 5,021 crore cash on the balance sheet in March. "The key issue for Hindalco will be the steep rise in cost of production at the 359-ktpa Mahan smelter due to cancellation of the Mahan captive block," says Bagmar.
COAL INDIA, THE BENEFICIARY
The court has asked Coal India to operate the cancelled coal blocks by the end of March 2015 if they cannot be auctioned till then. These are expected to produce 55 mt in 2014-15. Bagmar says, "Assuming the same level of production for 2015-16 and conservative EBITDA/tonne of Rs 300, the company's 2015-16 EBITDA and net profit are expected to get a boost of Rs 1,650 crore and Rs 1,120 crore, respectively, over our current estimate of Rs 20,700 crore and Rs 19,500 crore, respectively. These blocks could add Rs 18 per share to our current valuation of Rs 412 for Coal India ."
IMPACT ON POWER SECTOR
CESC, which meets a part of its coal requirement (2.8 mt for 2014-15) from the Sarshatali mine for regulated generation projects in Kolkata, will have to pay Rs 295 per tonne for around 30 mt coal mined since 2002-03, translating into an impact of Rs 900 crore. However, the management says the amount is recoverable as it is an "additional levy" and not "penalty". Still, uncertainty around the recovery of money through tariff increases persists.
Also, lignite mines are excluded from the order, "We do not expect JSW Energy's lignite-based 1,080-Mw plant to be impacted. Regulated projects such as GVK's Goindwal Sahib may be allowed to pass the higher cost of coal to procurers. But other companies like GMR, Tata Power, and Adani Enterprises, which have pipelines or projects linked to the mines, will get impacted," says Khattar of Edelweiss.
According to Fitch Ratings, NTPC could be more vulnerable, though the overall impact will be relatively small. Pakhri Barwadih, an NTPC mine nearing production, has been exempt. The status of nine out of 10 blocks is uncertain as it is not clear if they are also exempt owing to the fact that NTPC is a stateowned entity. The company estimates that captive mines will serve 4.3% of its coal demand in 2014-15 and 15% in 2016-17.
IMPACT ON BANKS
State-run Punjab National Bank, Union Bank of India, IDBI, UCO Bank and United Bank of India also have exposure to steel and power companies affected by the Supreme Court decision. "Punjab National Bank and Union Bank of India have the highest exposure to these assets as a percentage of net worth (10-15% in 2013-14). This figure is 6-7% for State Bank of India, Bank of Baroda and Bank of India," said Nomura. Private banks like ICICI Bank and Axis Bank have not lent to the affected steelmakers but have exposure of 4-5% of net worth to power producers. According to Nomura, exposure of other private banks to these assets is relatively negligible.
The impact on banks may be severe as their exposure to coal, mining and infra sectors is 6-13%.
Mayuresh Joshi
Vice President, Institution,Angel Broking
Advice to investors "One needs to closely monitor the developments in terms of policy on auctions and its outcome. Investors should adopt a wait and watch policy before investing in stocks affected by the ruling," says Joshi of Angel Broking.

Missing Virender SehwagFor Virender Sehwag, the runs are dying. You wonder if it is time to leave the theatre (Source: Express File)
Written by Harsha Bhogle | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:39 am | Updated: November 20, 2014 10:42 am
I think I am missing Virender Sehwag. To be fair, this is a wonderful bunch of young players and they are carrying the baton delivered to them by an extraordinary group. I find Ajinkya Rahane most pleasing to the eye, Rohit Sharma’s 264 was an audacious innings that stretched our imagination, the fielding is better than it has been and there are fast bowlers out there who don’t aspire to be medium-pacers. And I will tell people when I am old that I saw Virat Kohli bat. Cricket is still great fun but I am missing Sehwag.
Sehwag had me sitting on the edge of my seat. Always. It was like watching a thriller except that when you watched it the next time, you still didn’t know what was coming next. He was jaw-dropping, he was hair-wrenching. You rolled your eyes and you threw your head back. You looked at the scoreboard and it always showed you a different number. He could be exhilarating, he could be frustrating. He took you on a joyride and he laughed while you held on to your seat in fright.
I always thought Sehwag played cricket the way it was originally meant to be played. The numbers happened. 8586 runs in Test cricket @ 49.34 with 23 centuries. Those were brilliant numbers but we don’t need them to explain Sehwag. Or to fight his case in an argument. In cricket’s most native form, the bowler bowls to get a batsman out and the batsman plays to hit the ball. You got the feeling Sehwag didn’t worry beyond that. Only if he couldn’t hit the ball, he blocked it. You hardly ever analysed Sehwag’s innings, you just enjoyed them.
But he wasn’t a blind basher. Talking to him about cricket, and sadly those moments were too rare, you always came away thinking you had spoken to someone with an uncluttered, confident mind. “The batsman is always scared,” he once said, “but the bowler must be too. He must also think, if I bowl a bad ball where will Sehwag hit me!” The thinking behind that is clear and it has the simplicity that is disarming. If the bowler knows the batsman isn’t going to hit him, he isn’t afraid of bowling a bad ball. But he is most likely to bowl a bad ball when he is afraid of the consequences of bowling one.
We often talk, in sport, of playing to the fear in the enemy camp. Often we never get that far because of the fear in our own mind. A tense cricket match is as much about managing skill as it is about managing fear. There is scarcely a calm mind on a big day. Maybe that continued…

Iraq: New Kurdish offensive targets Islamic State groupKurdish forces, backed by US-led airstrikes, launched a new offensive Wednesday targeting the Islamic State group.
By: Associated Press | Baghdad | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:41 am
Kurdish forces, backed by US-led airstrikes, launched a new offensive Wednesday targeting the Islamic State group in areas of Iraq that the extremists had captured this past summer.
The operation came as Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said details haven’t been finalized for a deal that would have his country train rebels to battle IS in Syria, where the militants also hold territory.
A US-led coalition is targeting IS from the sky in Iraq and Syria, supporting Western-backed Syrian rebels, Kurdish fighters and the Iraqi military on the ground. The strikes have helped halt the extremists’ move to take the Syrian city of Kobani near the Turkish border, and enabled Iraqi forces to make key advances.
The US Central Command said that the US and allied nations have conducted 24 airstrikes against IS militants in Iraq since Monday, a majority near the city of Kirkuk. In Syria this week, the coalition has carried out six airstrikes against IS and one against the so-called Khorasan group, which Washington says is a special cell that is plotting attacks against Western interests. Most of the strikes targeting IS in Syria took place in Kobani, according to the statement.
On Tuesday, the Kurds captured six IS-controlled buildings in Kobani and confiscated a large amount of weapons and ammunition, the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
In Iraq, the new offensive by Kurdish forces, known as the peshmerga, targeted areas in Diyala and Kirkuk provinces, said Jaber Yawer, a peshmerga spokesman. The IS extremists had seized the territory in their August offensive that saw them capture a third of Iraq.
In Diyala, the peshmerga worked with Iraqi security forces to retake the towns of Saadiya and Jalula, Yawer said. In Kirkuk, Kurdish forces backed by coalition airstrikes launched attacks to retake territory near the town of Kharbaroot, located 35 kilometers (22 miles) west of the city of Kirkuk.
The offensive began as a suicide car bomber struck in the heart of Irbil, killing at least five people, officials said. No group immediately claimed responsibility for the midday attack in the capital of the semi-autonomous Kurdish region, though authorities suspected the Islamic State group. Authorities also suspected IS in three Baghdad bombings that killed at least 10 people and wounded almost 30.
Turkey, while previously backing Syrian rebels fighting to topple President Bashar Assad, has been hesitant to aid the Kobani fight over its own fears about stoking Kurdish ambitions for an independent state. On Wednesday, Erdogan said no deal had been finalized for Turkey to train rebels under the auspices of the US-led operation against IS.
“If we only talk about train and equip, we would be lying to ourselves,” Erdogan said, reiterating that overthrowing Assad must be a priority as well.
Retired Marine Gen. John Allen, the US envoy for the continued…

A bitter sweet storySugarcane is today unfortunately a victim of vested interests — from pseudo-environmentalists and liquor makers to state governments and mills.
Written by Harish Damodaran | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:16 am
Sugarcane growers in India are facing unprecedented uncertainty. Even as crushing for the new sugar year from October is set to start, mills owe them roughly Rs 3,000 crore for cane bought in 2013-14. But every crisis, as the cliché goes, presents an opportunity for re-evaluation.
Such an exercise in sugar should, however, focus more on sugarcane, if only to recognise the unrealised potential of a much-misunderstood crop.
Many view sugarcane as a water-guzzler. Its water requirement of 1,500-2,000 mm is nearly twice that of rice, and four times that of wheat.
But sugarcane grows over 11-12 months, as against 4-5 months for the latter. Also, the best Punjab farmer cannot harvest beyond 5-6 tonnes of wheat and 8-9 tonnes of paddy a hectare. In contrast, cane yields aren’t below 40 tonnes for the worst Uttar Pradesh grower, while averaging 105 tonnes in Tamil Nadu. Sugarcane, in other words, uses less water per day and even less for every unit weight of biomass produced.
The reason: It is a rare crop — in a list that includes maize, sorghum and a few grasses — exhibiting “C4 photosynthesis”, a more efficient mechanism of deploying solar energy to convert atmospheric carbon dioxide and water into plant matter. This is significant considering that scientists have sought to genetically modify rice, which uses the more common “C3” photosynthetic pathway, into a C4 plant. The latter is seen to potentially yield 50 per cent more grain and double water-use efficiency.
When Mother Nature has already made sugarcane a prolific biomass producer — its green top-leaves supply much of the UP farmers’ fodder needs during winter and spring — and highly efficient at carbon sequestration, it raises the question: Are we doing enough to reap the bounty of this crop cultivated in five million hectares across India? The answer, sadly, is no, thanks to our obsession with sugar, which makes up hardly 10 per cent of the cane in terms of recovery during processing.
The biggest constituent in sugarcane, about 30 per cent by weight, is bagasse: the fibrous residue remaining after extraction of the juice and a rich source of biofuel. Not many know that sugar is an industry that generates its own energy, not only to meet captive consumption requirements but also to supply to the grid. This again has to do with biomass, which is nothing but stored energy from photosynthesis that gets released as heat on burning.
The high-pressure boilers used in modern sugar mills can generate around 130 kilowatt-hours of electricity from every tonne of cane (that is, 300 kg bagasse or 660 kg steam). After deducting 25 units of in-process consumption by the mill and another 11-12 units of auxiliary consumption in the boilers/ turbo-generators, about 95 continued…

Left over on the tableWe should implement subsidies that are inversely proportional to land operating sizes.
Written by Ajay Jakhar | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:05 am
India seems relieved, having convinced the United States to advocate on its behalf at the WTO regarding the issues arising from its food security programmes, while food-exporting nations are rejoicing at New Delhi signing on the dotted line without insisting on a reduction of farm support in developed countries. As we defend public procurement and stock holding, they will be looking at opportunities to export to India high-value produce like fruit, vegetables, milk, poultry and pulses.
Food prices have been rising for the past many years; more so since 2007. As a result, food-importing countries, usually developing nations, are not overly interested in subsidy reduction in developed countries, because this would increase the cost of their food imports.
Now that the trade facilitation agreement is inevitable, the government must insist on the removal of the many unresolved anomalies and ambiguities in the international trade architecture before a final agreement is inked. Farm support that increases production and skews the market price is considered trade distorting. At the WTO, the market price prevailing in 1986-88 is the “reference price” used for calculating subsidies. Had this reference price been updated — say it was the average price of the preceding three years — we would not be in any danger of breaching the WTO subsidy limit of 10 per cent. Logically, it shouldn’t bother anyone if our support price is less than the prevailing international price. Yet, other rice-exporting nations complain about our rice subsidies.
We could also evoke the WTO Agreement on Agriculture, where “due consideration is given to the influence of excessive rates of inflation on the ability of any member to abide by its domestic support commitments”. Inflation over the past 25 years (about 600 per cent) warrants our not being able to abide by domestic support commitments.
India could have weathered the storm at the WTO better but for the lack of diligence in collecting data, research, documentation and negotiation skills. We were also negligent to not notify our subsidies for 10 years. Ultimately, our protestations of innocence were not taken seriously and we were unable to garner support at the negotiations.
The crux of the matter is how support is quantified. Support can be classified as an amber-box subsidy, considered to be production- and trade-distorting, or as a green-box subsidy, which is non-distortionary. Blue-box subsidies (direct payments under a production-limiting programme), supposed to be interim measures to move away from amber-box subsidies, get to escape adverse quantification and must be discarded.
As a farmer, I strongly believe that the value of trade price distortions as a result of support must also be quantified as an amber-box subsidy. The US gives $3 billion worth of support to its 27,000 cotton farmers, who produce 12 per cent of world cotton. Hypothetically, were this support to be withdrawn, the price of cotton would continued…

Article 370 decision rests with people  says RajnathHome Minster Rajnath Singh with other BJP leaders at a rally in Bhaderwah on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Arun Sharma | Bhaderwa | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:04 am
Accusing the BJP’s opponents of trying to create a wrong impression of the party by raking up Article 370, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said on Wednesday that the party only wants a discussion on it and the final decision will rest with the people.
“It is being said that the BJP will repeal Article 370. They have been asking the BJP to make its stand clear,” Rajnath said at a rally, referring to statements by the National Conference, the Congress and the PDP.
“I will ask you, why are you trying to mislead the people of Jammu and Kashmir? Why have you destroyed J&K despite Article 370? Why are you talking about Article 370 instead of good governance, development and prosperity at the time of polls?”
The BJP, which had earlier been demanding a repeal, has subtly softened its stand since the Lok Sabha polls when Narendra Modi, campaigning in Hiranagar, called for a discussion on how far Article 370 has benefited the common man.
Rajnath hit back at opponents by referring to the 73rd Amendment to the Constitution for empowerment of panchayati raj institutions.
Pointing out that all funds from the Centre were being transferred to elected panchayats elsewhere, Singh said, “Have panchayats in Jammu & Kashmir too got funds? Did the state government transfer these funds?”
As the audience chorused “no”, Rajnath said the state government did not implement the provisions of the amendment on the ground that Article 370 is in force. Sarpanches are getting killed and the state government, despite being unable to protect them, has refused to extend the 73rd amendment here, he said.
“I assure you that if a BJP government comes to power, we will implement the 73rd amendment. Panchayati raj institutions in the state will be strengthened,” he said.
Rajnath also blamed opponents for creating a divide between the Jammu and Kashmir regions. He recalled how Narendra Modi and many union ministers had visited the state during the recent floods, and how Modi had offered help even to the people of PoK.
He mocked Pakistan, though: “It tells the UN that Kashmir is a disputed area and there should be discussion on it. What has it done to PoK?
Had Pakistan developed PoK, I would have accepted that it could develop Jammu and Kashmir too.”

Shilpa Shirodkar s RAUNCHIEST photosPhoto uploaded by Lipla Bhatt
on Nov 18, 2013 , 09:40 pm
9249 Views  |  8  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Shilpa Shirodkar was never among the top notch actresses but she surely was one of the leading ladies in the 1990s. Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search
Shilpa Shirodkar was never among the top notch actresses but she surely was one of the leading ladies in the 1990s. Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search

Arpita Khan s special wedding guests: Aamir Khan  Kiran  Amrita are back homeentertainment
Arpita Khan’s special wedding guests: Aamir Khan, Kiran, Amrita are back home
A day after attending the grand wedding of Salman Khan's sister Arpita Khan to Aayush Sharma in Hyderabad, the special wedding guests were spotted in Mumbai on their return.
Aamir Khan, who is very close to Salman, was seen arriving hand-in-hand with wife Kiran Rao. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Travel style- Amrita Arora was shimmering in a brown top with dhoti pants. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Amirta was seen with her husband Shakeel Ladak.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Varun Dhawan, who was also at the wedding, arrives. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Socialite Anu Dewan was seen with her friend and jewellery designer Maheep Kapoor. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Bride's bhabhi Seema Khan arrives with her BFFs - Maheep and Anu. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Salman Khan's 'Bajrangi Bhaijaan' director Kabir Khan also returned to the city. He had kept his fans updated with photographs from the big Khan wedding. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Virat Kohli off to Australia  so is rumoured girlfriend Anushka Sharmaentertainment
Airport spotting: Couple Virat Kohli, Anushka Sharma
Lovebirds Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli are taking no pains to hide themselves from the media now.  The couple was spotted together at Mumbai airport on Wednesday (November 19)(Source: Varinder Chawla)
Virat Kohli, who led India to a series win over Sri Lanka recently, looked smart in blue shirt, jeans and white sneakers. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Anushka Sharma, who will be soon seen in 'PK' opposite Aamir Khan, was chilled out in a white top, jeans and baseball cap. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Anushka also looked relaxed. It was the couple's first public appearance together after the famous 'kiss' by beau Virat during the India -Sri Lanka match earlier this month. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
A smiling Virat Kohli - Is it love?
Later in the day, Virat also said:  "It is out in the open (Jo hai sabke saamne hai abhi). We are not hiding anything, we are not trying to hide anything. I don't want to hide anything. But if you get repeatedly asked on the same thing and if it is made a matter of debate then both the individuals don't feel it is right," said Kohli at the launch of his fashion line here today."      (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Indian batsman Suresh Raina was also spotted at the airport. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Batsman Yuvraj Singh was bright in red T shirt with jeans. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Besides the lovebirds, a few other Bollywood celebs were also sighted at the airport. First was  Kareena Kapoor Khan, who was stylish as always in black jeggings, boots and olive green jacket.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Also travelling with her younger sister was Karisma Kapoor. Karisma looked perfect in black and white. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
It's one of those days when fashionista Sonam Kapoor loves to dress down and must say we have no complaints. She looks perfect to us. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sonam Kapoor ties her hair in a bun. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan was also spotted at the airport. He was leaving for Goa to attend IFFI 2014. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Former Miss India Neha Dhupia was also spotted at the airport. Neha was smart in casuals - jeans, white shirt, jackets and shades. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Aishwarya Rai Bachchan is still daddy s li l girlAishwarya Rai Bachchan goes ethnic
Actress Aishwarya Rai Bachchan inaugurated a jewellery showroom in Amritsar on Sunday (December 7).
She looked beautiful in a blue and white churidaar suit. (Source: Rana Simranjit Singh)
Aishwarya gets out of her car. (Source: Rana Simranjit Singh)
Aishwarya makes her way to the stage with a smile. (Source: Rana Simranjit Singh)
Aishwarya looked as elegant as ever while greeting the audience. (Source: Express Photo by Rana Simranjit Singh)
The former beauty queen and Bollywood diva Aishwarya Rai Bachchan has represented India at various occasions and has been constantly involved in social work, since the time she was crowned Miss World in 1994.
November 19 marked the 20 year anniversary of the glorious moment and also the eve of her  father's 75th birthday. The actress celebrated the occasions by sponsoring the cleft surgeries for 100 children in a city hospital.
Seen here is Aishwarya with her father Krishnaraj Rai. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
It was a delight to see this beauty with her dad as she rarely has been seen with him in public. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Aishwarya who has refrained from any kind of public display of affection towards anybody in public was all smiles at this event. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
So was her dad. He was showering her with all the attention and love. Guess she is still 'daddy's li'l girl'. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Aishwarya started this activity last month and has been constantly monitoring all the cases. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Dressed in black, Aishwarya looked beautiful as ever. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The parents of the children also seemed really glad to have found support from the actress. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
She will also be meeting around 50-60 children to celebrate the day. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Allegations against me are false  says  Godman  Sant RampalPrint
Rampal was arrested from his Satlok Ashram after a two-week long stand off in Hisar's Barwala town on Wednesday.
By: Press Trust of India | Panchkula | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:43 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 3:24 pm
Arrested controversial ‘godman’ Rampal on Thursday rejected charges that he had asked thousands of his followers to be kept “hostage” for past several days inside his ashram at Barwala to evade police action in a contempt of court case.
READ:  Punjab and Haryana High Court cancels Rampal’s bail in 2006 murder case
“Yeah jhuthee ilzaam hein (these are false allegations),” 63-year-old godman told reporters after his medical examination was conducted at General Hospital here.
Asked about claims of his followers that they had been kept hostage by his private armed commandos and other henchmen, Rampal in his first reaction after his arrest, said, “No, this is not true….”
As journalists fired a volley of questions at him, Rampal kept walking towards a waiting police vehicle, jostling his way through the battery of mediapersons who surrounded him.
He will be later on Thursday produced before Punjab and Haryana High Court in a contempt case.
Earlier, the medical examination of Rampal, who was arrested from his Satlok Ashram in Hisar’s Barwala town, was conducted at the Government General hospital at Panchkula, with a doctor describing his major helth parameters as “stable”.
Rampal, who had refused to appear in court in a contempt case claiming he was unwell, was arrested  from his Satlok Ashram after a two-week long stand off in Hisar’s Barwala town. He was later brought to Panchkula Government hospital in Haryana in an ambulance from Barwala well past mid-night after traveling nearly 220 kms.
Immediately on arrival, doctors at the government health institution in Sector 6 here conducted tests on him.
Dr Rajesh of the Civil Hospital told reporters that the godman’s overall health parameters appeared “stable”.
Commenting on Rampal’s arrest, Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar said that priority of the government and the security personnel involved in the operation was to ensure that innocent lives are brought out safely without any harm.
“All throughout, we had to keep in mind that no innocent lives are lost,” Khattar said.

From Aamti to Vada Pav: A slice of simple yet exotic Maharashtrian cuisineHere's how you can define Maharashtra cuisine - Addictive. Potent Drug. Sinfully Spicy. Unforgettable.
Written by Madhulika Dash | Posted: November 20, 2014 12:41 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 12:59 pm
Addictive. Potent Drug. Sinfully Spicy. Unforgettable. Here is a slice of the simple yet unabashedly exotic Maharastrian’s cuisine.
You can always know a Maharastrian neighbour by the whiff of aamti. A rather simple yet tasteful preparation of lentils (dal), it is one of the few Maharastrian dishes that emerged from the Vidharbha region and went straight up to Goa, and some parts of Southern Karnataka too. Thanks to its simplicity – even a girl of eleven can make it with ease – the dal today has over 51 different versions, and none of it involves any complexity of chopping or grinding.
Aamti, a rather simple yet tasteful preparation of lentils (dal), it is one of the few Maharastrian dishes that emerged from the Vidharbha region
Such was the popularity of this comfort simple dal that Maharaja Shivaji – one of the true blue blood king to rule Maharastra –learnt not only how to make it, but also made it a part of his army energizing meal. It was a great source of protein, easy to carry and could be made with meager resources.
However, aamti isn’t the only legendary dish that has a history to it. The vada (of the Mumbai famous vada pav) is yet another revolutioniser. A breakfast staple from Mumbai to Nasik to Alibaug and further, the vada was a Thursday special when the fish eating Pune Saraswat Brahmin didn’t get his meat dose. But it wasn’t till Bal Keshav Thackeray put it inside the Irani bun and distributed among his party workers, that vada pav really became VADA PAV- today a signature dish that the financial city is known for. Till then vada was a “sukkha nashta” (dry breakfast) served to traders on the move. A Gaud Saraswat cuisine specialty, the vada tells the story of its city through its filling.
A breakfast staple from Mumbai to Nasik to Alibaug and further, the vada was a Thursday special when the fish eating Pune Saraswat Brahmin didn’t get his meat dose.
From the ordinary batata masala, a staple in Mumbai and nearby areas, the vada’s filling takes on the quintessential coconut batata masala as you start heading to the coastal region of the Maharastra, which is known much for its local vegetarian fare as it is known for its lip-smackingly addictive fish and meat fare. The rise of vada pav led to the rise of its other brethrens like the famous Kutchi Dabeli and Usal and Missal. The former, a Kutch delicacy, was later transformed by adding spicy chutney and sev to make it more Mumbai-ishtyle. Of course Mumbaikars did their own addition of spices and onions to make the dish more addictive.

Clarke not ready to play at the moment...might be right for first TestMichael Clarke has missed just one of Australia's 39 Tests since he assumed the captaincy in 2011 (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | Sydney | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:16 pm
Australia are hopeful that captain Michael Clarke will be available for next month’s first Test against India despite a recurrence of his hamstring injury, physiotherapist Alex Kountouris said on Thursday.
Clarke has missed just one of Australia’s 39 Tests since he assumed the captaincy in 2011 despite a degenerative long-term back condition which contributes to his frequent hamstring injuries.
The 33-year-old damaged his hamstring for the third time in 12 weeks in the first one-dayer against South Africa in Perth last Friday and Kountouris said he was not yet ready to play cricket again.
“As he is right now, he hasn’t started running, he hasn’t started doing any of the functional things that we want him to do,” Kountouris told reporters at the Sydney Cricket Ground nets.
“So he’s not ready to play at the moment … (but) I’m still hopeful that he might be right for the first Test because that’s two weeks away.”
Australia play India in four Tests, starting in Brisbane on Dec. 4, before turning their focus towards the Feb. 14-March 29 50-over World Cup, which they are co-hosting with New Zealand.
Kountouris said Clarke was highly frustrated by the injury but was not at the stage where he needed to consider retirement because of the recurring injuries.
He also thought it unlikely that Cricket Australia would be forced to choose between Clarke playing against India or in the World Cup.
“Time is not the magic healer here,” Kountouris added.
“There comes a point when there’s no more healing to be done, it doesn’t give you any more benefits
“He could rest now for five months and the first time he comes back he could tear his hamstring again.”
Clarke’s leadership has been integral to the turnaround in Australia’s fortunes since the humiliating 2010-11 Ashes series and the World Cup that followed, where Ricky Ponting’s team went out in the quarter-finals.
Regarded as one of the most tactically astute captains in international cricket, Clarke has also led from the front with his batting and scored 13 centuries and 3,555 runs at an average of 57.33 in Tests since succeeding Ponting.
Test vice captain Brad Haddin, who will stand in for Clarke if he is unfit, was training in the nets as Kountouris was speaking and the physio said he was approaching full fitness after damaging his shoulder.
“He’s pretty good,” he said. “We’re hopeful he’ll play Sheffield Shield next week.”

Hate your job It may be good for your memoryThe study found that people who held jobs with higher levels of complexity with data and people, such as management and teaching, had better scores on memory and thinking tests. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:50 pm
If you hate your job because it requires complex work with other people or data, you may now discard the negative thoughts as researchers have found that complex jobs help people retain their memory and thinking skills even after retirement.
The study found that people who held jobs with higher levels of complexity with data and people, such as management and teaching, had better scores on memory and thinking tests.
“These results suggest that more stimulating work environments may help people retain their thinking skills, and that this might be observed years after they have retired,” said study author Alan Gow from Heriot-Watt University in Edinburgh, Scotland.
“Our findings have helped to identify the kinds of job demands that preserve memory and thinking later on,” Gow added.
For the study, the researchers tested memory and thinking abilities of 1,066 Scottish people with an average age of 70.
The tests looked at memory, processing speed and general thinking ability.
Researchers also gathered information about the jobs participants held. The job titles were assigned scores for the complexity of work with people, data and things.
For example, complex jobs might involve coordinating or synthesizing data, while less complex jobs might involve copying or comparing data.
In terms of working with others, more complex roles might involve instructing, negotiating or mentoring, while less complex jobs might involve taking instructions or helping.
The analysis used levels of complexity according to the Dictionary of Occupational Titles.
Examples of jobs that score highly for the complexity of work with people are: lawyer, social worker, surgeon.
Examples of jobs that score highly for the complexity of work with data are: architect, civil engineer, graphic designer or musician.
The study appeared in the journal Neurology.

Coal unions differ on CIL stake sale as strike loomsRift between Coal India unions may pave way for govt's stake sale plan
Krishna N Das     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 14:29 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
A rift between the five powerful labour unions at Coal India (CIL) is set to clear the way for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government to complete a stake sale in the state company that is critical to hitting budget targets.
A strike is scheduled to be held on Monday to oppose plans to sell 10 per cent stake in CIL and let private firms to mine and sell coal. Hoever, one of the unions, close to the Prime Minister's nationalist party, says it has the backing of half of CIL's 3,70,000 workers and will not join the strike.
"A strike is not the right process to get your demands met," Baij Nath Rai, president of the Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh (BMS) trade union, told Reuters.
The share sale could fetch the government a third of its US $9.5 billion annual disinvestment target . Asset sales are running behind schedule, pressuring a deficit target of 4.1 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP) for the financial year ending March 31, 2015.
Officials have marketed the sale in the United States and roadshows will follow this week in London and Singapore. However, no date has been set for the actual launch of the sale, sources with knowledge of the matter said.
The stake sale in Coal India would follow a 5 per cent divestment in state-run Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), worth US $2.8 billion and slated for December.
SECOND TIME LUCKY
In 2013, the unions thwarted the previous government's attempt to sell a stake in the public sector undertaking. Officials are now counting on PM Modi's clout to push the sale through as part of broader efforts to end the country's coal production crisis.
The unions rarely break ranks. With the BMS staying away, union leaders and company officials told Reuters, the one-day strike is likely to have little impact on CIL's daily output of up to 1.5 million tonnes.
The BMS is part of the same Hindu nationalist umbrella group to which the Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party belongs.
"The divestment will go through soon and worker unions will come on board. Coal India officials are in talks with them," said a senior government official.
Hoever, the official, who spoke on conditions of anonymity, said the government did not believe in "steamrolling" anyone and was working on other ways to make the strike fail. He did not elaborate.
A senior CIL official said the BJP's election victory in May had boosted the BMS's influence over other unions, helping stem opposition to government measures and curb output losses.
"We don't want to quarrel with the BMS but their leadership is under pressure," said Jibon Roy, general secretary of the All India Coal Workers Federation.
"We oppose divestment, we oppose commercial mining by private firms, and we oppose anything that will lead to the demise of Coal India and bring slavery to India".
(Reuters)

India retain numero uno status while Kohli stays at No.2Print
Virat Kohli leaves for Australia. The stand-in skipper would look to commence the series on a good note in the first Test, starting 4th December (Source: Varinder Chawla)
By: Press Trust of India | Dubai | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:59 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 5:49 pm
India retained the number one spot in the latest Reliance ODI team rankings while Virat Kohli maintained the number two position with skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni static at the seventh place in the batting chart released.
Meanwhile, following third ODI in Canberra in which Australia defeated South Africa by 73 runs, George Bailey’s charges have leapfrogged into second place on the Reliance ICC ODI Team Rankings and are just two points adrift of leader and 2011 World Cup champion India who have 117 points.
If Australia win the two remaining ODIs, they will move into first place on 117 points, edging out India by one-fifth of a ratings point. A Proteas victory on Friday and then on Sunday would see South Africa return to second place, a point adrift of India and Australia drop to third.
Kohli is at second place in batting with 862 points, behind South Africa’s A B de Villiers (888), and ahead of another Protea Hashim Amla (845).
Indian captain Dhoni remains constant at seventh with 738 points.
Seamer Bhuvneshwar Kumar is the best-placed Indian at eighth with 641 points in the bowling chart topped by suspended Pakistan off-spinner Saeed Ajmal. Another suspended spinner, West Indian Sunil Narine, is at second followed South Africa pace spearhead Dale Steyn.
No Indian features among the top 3 allrounders in world cricket at the moment.
Meanwhile, in the team rankings, Bangladesh and Zimbabwe have the opportunity to gain vital rankings points as they go head to head in five One-Day Internationals (ODIs) starting Friday in Chittagong.
Ninth-placed Bangladesh currently hold an 11-point lead over Elton Chigumbura’s charges, and can further increase their lead while also reducing the gap with New Zealand and West Indies, who lie level on 96 points.
A 5-nil series win for Bangladesh would open up a 22- point gap over Zimbabwe, while a 4-1 scoreline would lead to a lead of 17 points. A 3-2 series win would see the hosts retain a nine-point advantage.
Zimbabwe will be eyeing a move up the rankings, as a 5-0 series win would see them leapfrog Bangladesh into ninth position, six points clear. In the event of a 4-1 series win, the two sides would be level on 63 points, with the host holding a fractional advantage.

It s now or never for Anand againstPrint
Viswanathan Anand had come up with a fine new idea to win the third game but since then Carlsen seems to have caught the ‘preparation bug’ too (Source: FIDE.com)
By: Press Trust of India | Sochi | Posted: November 20, 2014 1:55 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 5:15 pm
FACING a point deficit with just four games to go, five times world champion Viswanathan Anand is in a now-or-never situation in the World Chess Championship match against Magnus Carlsen.
With the scores favouring Carlsen 4.5-3.5 after eight games in the 12-game match, Anand is now under serious pressure to score at least one victory, and if that does not happen in the next two games, it might be already too late.
Ahead of the ninth game on Thursday, it is not only the match situation which is a worrying factor for Anand but also Carlsen’s preparation.
The Indian ace had come up with a fine new idea to win the third game but since then Carlsen seems to have caught the ‘preparation bug’ too. The Norwegian is blitzing out the opening moves in quick time as well as producing new ideas, something that was considered Anand’s forte.
Game eight was a typical reminder for Anand that he needs to do far better. Carlsen came up with a new idea in the Queen’s gambit declined and played pretty quickly with black pieces, while Anand used a lot of time.
When the time came for him to think, the danger had already passed and the draw was on the cards.
The fact that Carlsen is just four draws away from retaining the crown is also something that requires immediate action. With his ability to carry the game without making many mistakes, Carlsen brings out his best while closing in on title victories. For Anand, it would be best to go for the kill at the earliest. The time to think about being white or black should not matter anymore and all the Indian ace should be thinking about is to complicate the position as soon as possible.
The Indian think-tank might be considering another Sicilian, although at the back of their minds the drubbing that Anand received in game six would be prevalent.
It was the sixth game, which was a stunner for Anand. He was outdone in the opening itself and never recovered. Since then Carlsen has been in the thick of things as far as the opening preparation is concerned and has been calling the shots.
In the ninth game, Anand will be playing black and then will have his second last in the 10th game.
If there is a twist suppose to happen in this world championship, it looks most likely to happen in the next two days only as after that it might be too late for Anand to script a comeback.

Saradha chit fund scam: CBI resumes search operationsSaradha scam.
Written by Madhuparna Das | Kolkata | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:25 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 10:03 pm
After almost a month, CBI yet again resumed its search operations in the city in connection with Saradha chit fund scam. The Central investigating agency today conducted search operations in the offices of Saradha group of companies in three locations.
The CBI sources further revealed that searches are likely to be conducted in some more places as several ‘incriminating documents from three offices of the group at Satl Lake, Bishnupur and Behala were seized. and these documents might prompt the investigators to conduct search operations in some more places including the residences of Saradha chairman Sudipto Sen.
Meanwhile, CBI has already received a letter from state transport minister Madan Mitra who was issued summons to appear before the investigators a couple of days ago. Mitra who has been admitted to a private hospital in south Kolkata three days ago, replied to the notice yesterday. In his response, it was learnt that Mitra has explained his inability to appear before the investigators on Friday citing medical condition. The CBI sources however said that they are considering the letter received from the state minister . CBI is likely to form a medical board and to take opinion from the experts on the health of Mitra.
However, TMC Rajya Sabha MP, Srinjay Bose would appear before the investigators tomorrow. The investigators have this time evidence and based on those evidences, Bose and Mitra were summoned together. The sources further added that the investigators have several call records that reveal the details of conversation between Mitra and the Saradha boss and others.

Govt pays another $400 mn in oil dues to IranGovt pays another $400 mn in oil dues to Iran, total at $1.3 bn
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 14:44 IST
(Photo: Associated Press)
India on Thursday paid $400 million to Iran, taking the total oil payments made to the Persian Gulf nation towards past dues to $1.3 billion.
Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals, the nation's largest buyer in the public sector, paid $154 million (about Rs 950 crore) while private sector Essar Oil paid about $201 million, industry sources said. Of the remainder, Indian Oil Corp (IOC) paid $42 million and Hindustan Petroleum Corp (HPCL) $3 million.
The payments made on Thursday were in addition to $500 million sent out on November 5 and $400 million India paid on October 21. The $1.3 billion payment last one month is on top of $1.65 billion the refiners had paid in June/July.
Cumulatively, refiners owe about $6 billion to Iran in past oil dues.
Sources said the payments since October were part of an international deal that allowed Iran access to $2.8 billion in dues from oil buyers, in addition to $4.2 billion paid between January and July.
On November 5, MRPL had paid about $217 million while almost an equal amount was paid by private sector Essar Oil. In the first instalment on October 21, MRPL had paid about $183 million, Essar Oil $172 million, IOC $41 million and HPCL $4 million.
The United States and five other world powers had in July granted Iran access to $2.8 billion of its funds held in foreign banks. This was in addition to $4.2 billion Iran had received between January and July. Of the $2.8 billion, about half was to come from India, sources said.
Iran and the United States, China, France, Germany, UK and Russia had in July agreed to extend a six-month interim accord until November 24 pending a long-term deal to end their nuclear dispute.
Sources said $1.3 billion had to flow out before November 24. Indian refiners had paid the previous $1.65 billion in three equal instalments of $550 million each - first on June 26, second on July 8 and third on July 24.
Since February 2013, when the US blocked payment channels to Iran for its nuclear programme, India has been paying 45 per cent of its Iran oil bill in rupees through a UCO Bank branch in Kolkata. For the remainder, it had been waiting for a way to make the payment.
Since July 2011, India had been paying in euros for 55 per cent of its purchases of Iranian oil through Ankara-based Halkbank. The remaining 45 per cent was remitted in rupees through UCO Bank. The euro payments ceased from February 6, 2013, but the portion of rupee payments continued through UCO Bank.

NSE to include EIL  5 others in F&O segment on Nov 28NSE to include EIL, 5 others in F&O segment on November 28
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 14:45 IST
Photo: Reuters
Leading bourse National Stock Exchange (NSE) will introduce six companies, including Engineers India and Strides Arcolab, in the future & option segment from next week.
Besides, Wockhardt, Amtek Auto, Bosch and Indiabulls Housing Finance would also be the part of the derivative segment.
"Futures and Options (F&O) contracts on these six additional securities would be available for trading with effect from November 28, 2014," NSE said in a circular.
At present, there are over 200 securities available in the F&O segment for trade.
For inclusion in the derivatives segment, the stock's market wide position limit (MWPL), which is the total number of contracts a trader may have active at one time for a given underlying, should be Rs 300 crore among other criteria.
Besides, minimum order requirement for a stock to be eligible for introduction in the derivatives segment should be Rs 10 lakh.
In September, the exchange launched F&O contracts in SKS Microfinance, TVS Motor Company, Eicher Motors, Motherson Sumi Systems and Mindtree.

India to have 100 mn online shoppers by 2016: Google reportUber cabs rape case: Govt cracks down, bans Delhi operations; India blow looms
If you thought the Indian e-commerce boom has reached its peak, then you could not be further from the truth. The country will have 100 million online shoppers by 2016, according to the Google annual online shopping growth trends report released on Thursday. The figure was 8 million in 2012 and is 35 million this year, showing how the ecommerce industry has grown.
Incidentally, India is expect to cross 300 million Internet users by the end of the year overtaking the second largest web economy. Google India MD Rajan Anandan said almost all the Internet growth in India is happening on mobile. “Mobile is driving growth in every single Internet product entity. In other markets Internet took off on the desktop, in India its happening on mobile,” he said underlining the need for creating different products for thse users.
The survey, conducted in collaboration with Forrester Research, covered 6859 respondents across 50 cities using a mixed methodology format.
The key takeaways of the study are as follows:
-The growth in coming years will come from Tier 1 as 71 per cent of respondents in this segment said they will buy online in next 12 months. In Tier 1, women buyers outspend men by 2x. And 1 in 4 women are buying on mobile.
-In Tier 3, 1 out of 2 is already on mobile. This figure is just one out of 3 in Tier 1. Shopping queries from mobile has grown from 24 per cent in 2012 to 57 per cent in 2014.
-By 2016, ecommerce industry size will be close to $15 billion.
-About 65 per cent people buy online for convenience and a similar number like the variety on offer. About 60 per cent think it is cool to shop online.
-While electronics is a popular segment now, the growth areas are clearly home furnishing, cosmetics and baby care.
– Among the challenges, 62 per cent buyers says they are not satisfied with their online shopping experience while 67 per cent buyers also highlight that the current return process is to0 complicated and expensive.
– Trust is a major issue for non-buyers as 55 per cent of them do not trus the quality of the product online.
– 66 per cent of total respondents also say the poor connectivity is also a major barrier for then to shop online.
TAGS: Ecommerce Google
More from companies

CBI chief tried to scuttle 2G probe  SC toldPrint
Supreme Court slaps another notice on CBI chief Ranjit Sinha, seeks explanation on visitors' logbook.
Written by Aneesha Mathur | New Delhi | Posted: November 21, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: November 21, 2014 9:26 am
Observing that allegations made against him “seemed prima facie credible”, the Supreme Court, in an unprecedented move on Thursday, ordered CBI Director Ranjit Sinha “not to interfere” in the investigation and trial of the 2G spectrum scam cases.
READ:  No personal aspersions cast on me: CBI chief
The bench of Chief Justice H L Dattu, Justice M B Lokur and Justice A K Sikri, in a written order, said it was “not giving elaborate reasons” for its decision in order “to protect the faith in the institution and the reputation of the Director of the CBI”.
“We direct CBI Director Ranjit Sinha not to interfere in the 2G spectrum investigation and trial. The next seniormost officers of the investigation team would take over from Sinha and continue proceedings,” the bench said. The directions came hours after the bench ordered some CBI officers out of the court room, saying their presence was not needed and they should stop “acting like the mouthpiece of the Director”.
Taking note of the report filed by Special Public Prosecutor Anand Grover, the court observed that the information furnished by applicant Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL) “seemed prima facie credible”. It also recalled its earlier order in which it had directed CPIL to reveal its “whistleblower” and source of information regarding the CBI investigation into the 2G spectrum cases.
READ:  Govt must move against Sinha: Bhushan
The bench remarked that there was an “abundance of papers” which indicated that there was “something wrong”. Later, outside the court room, petitioner Prashant Bhushan called for Sinha’s resignation. “He should resign immediately. The court has asked him to recuse himself from this case after a detailed report from the Special Public Prosecutor severely indicted him and found him guilty of unfairly interfering in the trial in order to help the accused and derail the cases. The government should now suspend him and initiate a disciplinary inquiry against him,” he said.
Earlier in the day, while hearing submissions from Sinha’s advocate Vikas Singh, the court asked the Director to “consider” what could be done on the issue since “if we write down a detailed order, there will be damage to the reputation of this great institution”.
Special Public Prosecutor Anand Grover, appointed by the court to look into the allegations raised by the CPIL, told the bench that Sinha had “attempted to file an affidavit that would derail the entire prosecution in the 2G case”. He said information from the CPIL and the unnamed whistleblower indicated that Sinha met representatives of the accused during the period the investigation was on, and the allegations of interference were from “around the same dates”.
The allegations against Sinha concern attempts to interfere in the investigation and the prosecution of the 2G spectrum scam case against continued…

Ladies! High heels bring men to their kneesIf you need help from men on the road, wear high heels.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | London | Posted: November 20, 2014 2:50 pm | Updated: November 22, 2014 6:08 pm
If you need help from men on the road, wear high heels. This is the message from a new study, revealing that how the height of a woman’s shoe heel influences how men behave towards her.
The findings showed that men’s helpfulness increased along with the height of the heels a woman was wearing.
However, heel height had no influence on other women’s willingness to help, found lead researcher Nicolas Gueguen from Université de Bretagne-Sud in France.
To reach this conclusion, Gueguen set out to conduct field experiments to test the influence of different shoe styles on men’s helping behaviour.
He watched what happened when a woman in flat shoes asked people to complete a survey, and whether or not they complied more readily when she was wearing high heels.
He also tested whether or not people’s spontaneous urge to help changed when the same woman – again wearing shoes with different heel sizes – dropped a glove.
In the final experiment, Guéguen found that men in a bar were quicker to start chatting with a woman wearing heels than when she was wearing flat shoes.
“Women’s shoe heel size exerts a powerful effect on men’s behaviour,” Gueguen added.
He believes that more research must be done to examine whether this effect depends on a woman’s shoe heel size and on any change of gait due to wearing high heels.
“Because sexy female models often wear such shoes in the media, men have started to associate the wearers of high-heeled shoes with those having sexual intent,” the author speculated.
The study appeared in Springer’s journal Archives of Sexual Behavior.

NY braces for unprecedented snowstorm for second dayA frontend loader piles snow after dump trucks dropped loads of snow at the Central Terminal, Wednesday, in Buffalo, N.Y. (Source: AP photo)
By: Associated Press | Buffalo | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:08 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 4:07 pm
Residents of the New York state city of Buffalo started digging out Wednesday from a massive snowstorm blamed for seven deaths, even as another headed their way, threatening to break snowfall records.
Homeowners opened their front doors to find themselves sealed in by sheer walls of white. People were marooned at homes, on roads and at work. A woman gave birth in a firehouse after the snow prevented her from reaching the hospital.
IN PICTURES:  Deadly blizzards maroon people at homes, on roads in New York
Even for Buffalo, a city used to big blizzards blowing in from Lake Erie, this was an epic snowfall. The region found itself buried under up to 5.5 feet (1.68 meters) of snow Wednesday, with another storm expected to bring up to 3 more feet (1 meter) by late Thursday.
“This is an historic event. When all is said and done, this snowstorm will break all sorts of records,” Gov. Andrew Cuomo said.
Cuomo warned that a weekend warm-up could lead to significant flooding when the thick blanket of snow melts. Forecasters say rain is possible this weekend.
The storm trapped more than 100 vehicles along a 132-mile (212-kilometer) stretch of the New York State Thruway, the state’s main highway that remained closed Wednesday.
Trapped on a team bus for nearly 30 hours, the Niagara University women’s basketball team melted snow for water, posed with long faces for pictures that were posted online and tried to keep each other’s spirits up.
Bethany Hojnacki went into labor at the height of the storm and ended up giving birth in a Buffalo fire station after she and her husband couldn’t get to the hospital. Baby Lucy weighed in at 6 pounds, 2 ounces (3.3 kilograms). Mother and child were later taken to the hospital in an ambulance.
Cuomo said Wednesday afternoon that all the trapped travelers had been removed from their cars.
Asked by reporters how officials could allow people to be snowbound in cars for 24 hours, Cuomo cited a disabled trailer that prevented plows from removing fast-falling snow, and drivers’ own wrongheaded choices to drive on a closed interstate highway.
The governor said it would take four or five days to clean up from the storm, which was being blamed for at least seven deaths; at least four of those were attributed to heart attacks.
The one-week snow totals for the Buffalo area was expected to approach the average snowfall for an entire year: close to 8 feet (2.4 meters).
The snowfall was approaching the heaviest 24-hour snowfall on record in the mainland U.S.: 75.8 inches (192 centimeters), which fell at Silver Lake, Colorado, in 1921, weather historians said.
The storm struck Buffalo on a day when temperatures dropped to continued…

PE investments rise 27% to $3 bn in July-Sept quarterPrivate equity investments rise 27% to $3 bn in July-September quarter, says PwC report
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 21, 2014  | 10:57 IST
Photo: Reuters
Private equity investments in the country rose 27 per cent to $3.01 billion in the July-September period, the fifth consecutive quarter of upswing, says a PwC report.
A quarterly study of PE investment activity based on data provided by Venture Intelligence, such funds in the third quarter of this year totalled $3.01 billion through 103 deals, according to the PwC MoneyTree India report.
Compared with the same period last year, the value of deals rose by 97 per cent despite a 9 per cent reduction in volume. In Q3 2013, the value of investments stood at $1.53 billion from 113 deals.
On quarter-on-quarter basis, PE investments registered a growth of 4 per cent in value over the preceding quarter with a 3 per cent drop in volume. In the April-July period, $ 2.91 billion was invested through 106 deals.
"The overall market sentiment is positive with a strong and clear intent from the government on liberalisation and easing doing business in India," PwC India Private Equity Sanjeev Krishan said.
Moreover, falling inflation and improving economic fundamentals have helped in boosting PE investments, the report added.
"Combined with the enhanced interest in public markets, we also anticipate global strategic investors to look at India with heightened interest, in effect providing multiple routes for both capital raising and exits," Krishan said.
The IT & ITeS has bounced back as the leading sector, attracting $ 1.64 billion in 56 deals. It is more than two-fold jump as compared with Q2 2014 and two-and-a-half times higher than Q3 2013.
"Growth has been driven by advancements in technology - increasing adoption of devices like smartphones and tablets, and easy access to Internet has led to rise in online consumer base," PwC India Technology leader Sandeep Ladda said.
The healthcare & life sciences sector emerged second in terms of value with investments totalling $ 292 million in 11 deals.
In terms of cities, Bangalore outdid the National Capital Region (NCR) and Mumbai to attract the maximum PE investments with $ 1.8 billion in 29 deals.
NCR was the second best with $ 409 million investment and Mumbai secured third place with $ 383 million, the report said.

Barack Obama set to unveil long-awaited immigration plan; to affect 4 50 000 IndiansRepublicans will quickly introduce stand-alone legislation in the first quarter of 2015 that would approve the Keystone XL crude oil pipeline from Canada, testing President Barack Obama's resolve on the project.
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:02 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 4:26 pm
US President Barack Obama will unveil his long-awaited immigration plan, changing rules governing deportations that could affect millions of undocumented immigrants, including 4,50,000 from India. “Everybody agrees that our immigration system is broken.
Unfortunately, Washington has allowed the problem to fester for far too long,” Obama said in a video posted on his Facebook page on Wednesday. His orders will allow up to 4 million undocumented immigrants of the 11 million to get temporary work permits and provide relief to another 1 million through other means, CNN reported.
According to Pew Research Centre, those from neighbouring Mexico are to benefit the most as they account for the maximum number of illegal immigrants in the US. Over 4,50,000 unauthorised Indian immigrants live in the US, constituting four per cent of the total illegal immigrants in the country.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Obama’s executive actions will give illegal immigrants a line to come forward, be recognised, and get in the system.

At Ferrari: Alonso out  Vettel inThe 33-year-old Spanish driver had said earlier this season that his future lay elsewhere, amid reports that he could join McLaren next season. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Abu Dhabi | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:06 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 5:41 pm
Sebastian Vettel looked forward to following in Michael Schumacher’s Formula One footsteps after Ferrari confirmed on Thursday that the four times world champion would replace Fernando Alonso next season on a three-year deal.
The long-awaited news, an open secret since the German announced in October that he was leaving Red Bull, formally ended a five-year love affair with double world champion Alonso that frustrated both sides.
Vettel will partner Finland’s 2007 world champion Kimi Raikkonen, who has a year remaining on his contract.
“The next stage of my Formula One career will be spent with Scuderia Ferrari and for me that means the dream of a lifetime has come true,” said Vettel.
“When I was a kid, Michael Schumacher in the red car was my greatest idol and now it’s an incredible honour to finally get the chance to drive a Ferrari,” added the 27-year-old, who took his first Formula One win in a Ferrari-powered Toro Rosso at Monza in 2008.
Compatriot Schumacher won five of his seven titles with Ferrari.
“The Scuderia has a great tradition in this sport and I am extremely motivated to help the team get back to the top. I will put my heart and soul into making it happen,” said Vettel.
Alonso is expected to return to McLaren, the team he spent a torrid season with in 2007 before falling out with current overall head Ron Dennis.
Ferrari announced the news in two separate statements, the first declaring their relationship with Alonso to be over and the second welcoming the sport’s youngest multiple champion.
Alonso, who won his titles with Renault in 2005 and 2006, had his hopes of taking a third championship with Ferrari repeatedly thwarted by Vettel and his own team’s lack of performance.
The Spaniard leaves after a partnership that brought him 11 wins and 44 podiums.
He came closest to the title in 2010, when he went into the final race as favourite only for a team strategy error to gift the title to Vettel. The German then began a run of four championships in a row.
Alonso was runner-up in 2012 and 2013 but Ferrari have not won a race since the Spaniard was triumphant in Barcelona in May last year and are staring at their first season without a victory since 1993.
“Today is not an easy one for me, because even if I always look to the future with great enthusiasm and determination, at the end of this season my journey as a Ferrari driver will come to an end,” he said.
“It was a difficult decision to take, but a carefully considered one and from start to finish, my love for Ferrari was a prime consideration.
“I have always been lucky enough to make my own decisions about my future and I have that possibility now too,” added the 33-year-old.
Alonso, who said he was proud continued…

Arpita Khan drops  kalira  on  bhai  Salman Khan; is he getting married soonPrint
Is the socially involved 'Being Human' humanitarian challenging the 'pratha' - "Is there anyone who can get me married?"
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 3:39 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 9:37 am
Salman Khan is undoubtedly one of the most eligible bachelors in the Indian Film Industry. Girls swoon and drool over at just a single sight of his. And what still remains a mystery to every single creature on this planet is why he hasn’t taken the nuptial vows yet. Well, to some respite he has been very close to getting married and that too a couple of times.
So, failing at several attempts of getting settled, the actor gave up. He was many times quoted saying he won’t marry now.
But what comes as a surprise is this cute picture, wherein Salman Khan lies down at his sister’s feet asking her to throw the ‘kalirey’ on him. For the uninitiated, ‘kalirey’ is a hand worn ornament used in Punjabi marriages. The ritual says the person on who the ‘kalira’ falls would be the next to get married. It’s considered a blessing from the bride-to-be to an unmarried person to get married soon.
Keeping this into account, Salman Khan asked his baby sister Arpita to try the ‘kalirey’ on him. It could either be the actor’s sarcastic humour that he is famous for or the socially involved ‘Being Human’ humanitarian was challenging the ‘pratha’ – “Is there anyone who can get me married?”
All said and done, we like what Salman Khan, especially in his high spirits, does these days. For example, the awkward ‘Katrina Kapoor’ thing. Because hey! Only ‘bhai’ can do it.
And this was not all Salman Khan’s ex girlfriend Katrina Kaif, who is dating Ranbir Kapoor, also got a kaleera from the bride.
Let’s see who’s next then – Salman Khan or Katrina Kaif?

Govt to allow foreign companies to mine  sell coalGovt to allow foreign firms to mine and sell coal
Krishna N. Das     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 17:00 IST
(Photo: Associated Press)
The government will allow locally registered foreign firms to mine and sell coal when commercial mining is permitted as part of opening up of the nationalised industry after four decades.
To end a chronic coal shortage that cripples power plants and curb the country's imports of the fuel, the Narendra Modi government will also spend about $1 billion by 2019 to buy railway wagons and transport coal from remote mines, Swarup said in an interview on Thursday.
The government last month made provisions for private firms to commercially mine coal but did not set any timeline for when actual digging will start.
The decision will open the door to global giants like Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton and help ramp up output from India's huge reserves - the world's fifth biggest.
"Any company registered in India can bid (when a commercial coalfield auction takes place)," Swarup said. "So a foreign company registered in India can also bid, provided they fulfil other conditions."
Opening up the industry will increase private coal production to about 400 million tonnes by 2019 from less than 50 million tonnes last year, Swarup said.
As of now, only power, steel and cement companies can mine coal for their own consumption. Commercial mining in India is dominated by state-owned Coal India.
IMPORT FREE
Coal India is the world's largest miner of the fuel but its unionised workforce resists mechanisation fearing job losses. The resulting inefficiencies are partly responsible for years of missed output targets and India's coal imports.
But Swarup said the firm will beat its production target of 507 million tonnes in the fiscal year through March due to new mine output and environmental clearances. Output has lagged targets over the last six years for which data is available.
He sought to allay concerns over labour unions, which plan a one-day strike on Monday against sector reforms and the planned sale of a 10 per cent Coal India stake.
"Our attempt is to convey our feelings to them that under no circumstances will the interest of Coal India be adversely affected by the decisions of the government," Swarup said.
He was also enthused by the likely selection of Sutirtha Bhattacharya, chairman of India's No.2 coal producer, as the next head of Coal India. Though much smaller, Bhattacharya's Singareni Collieries has been able to surpass its output target every year.
Swarup said the government will finalise a roadmap by December 15 to more than double Coal India's output to 1 billion tonnes by 2019. The company will buy 260 more trains on top of the 200 under operation to move coal from new mines.
Higher production from Coal India and private firms will mean that India, the third largest coal importer, will almost end inbound shipments in four years, Swarup said.
(Reuters)

SC removes CBI chief from 2G scam probeSupreme Court removes CBI chief Ranjit Sinha from 2G scam probe
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 17:20 IST
CBI Director Ranjit Sinha at India Today Conclave (File Photo)
CBI Director Ranjit Sinha suffered a major blow on Thursday, just twelve days before his retirement, when the Supreme Court removed him from the 2G scam case, saying the allegations against him of protecting some accused appeared to be prima facie credible.
The SC, in an unprecedented order, handed over the case to the senior-most officer after Sinha in the 2G scam investigating team.
A bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu and comprising of comprising justices MB Lokur and AK Sikri, however, refused to pass an elaborate order on the issue saying that it would tarnish the image and reputation of the investigation agency.
The fate of the CBI chief, who is due to retire on December 2, in the case became abundantly clear when the apex court bench, before rising for the lunch break, asked Sinha's lawyer, senior advocate Vikas Singh, about various options.
The apex court said it did not want to pass an elaborate order, because it would be against the interest and image of the agency. Prima facie the allegations made in the application (by NGO Centre for Public Interest Litigation) are credible and required to be accepted, the bench observed.
However, Sinha's counsel insisted that the allegations levelled against him of scuttling the 2G probe were untrue.
The CBI chief's role was criticised by the apex court-appointed Special Public Prosecutor Anand Grover and counsel appearing for CBI, KK Venugopal, also raised questions on Sinha naming a senior IPS officer as mole in the team.
The SC also recalled its earlier order by which it directed the NGO to disclose the name of whistleblower who had provided documents and visitors diary of Sinha's residence.

Stock markets recover  Nifty reclaims 8 400Market update: BSE Sensex recovers 35 points, Nifty reclaims 8,400-level
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 17:02 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex on Thursday snapped three-day falls to close 35 points higher at 28,067.56 powered by a late spurt in bluechips, led by Infosys, TCS, Cipla and SBI, amid the rupee breaching 62-mark against US dollar.
After surging to 28,118.53 points at the outset on emergence of buying, the 30-share barometer fell back to an intra-day low of 27,915.23 on some profit-taking.
A late round of buying helped the BSE index reclaim the 28,000-mark and it settled 34.71 points (or 0.12 per cent) higher at 28,067.56. The gauge had lost 145 points in previous two sessions.
Similarly the National Stock Exchange (NSE) index Nifty reclaimed the 8,400-mark by rising 19.60 points (or 0.23 per cent) to end at 8,401.90. The 50-issue NSE index shuttled between 8,353.15 and 8,410.85 intra-day. It had shed 48.45 points in the previous two sessions.
Gains in the key stock market indices were powered by Cipla that climbed 3.23 per cent after the drugmaker announced a pact with Serum Institute of India for distribution of paediatric vaccines in Europe.
Shares of Infosys and TCS gained 1 per cent each after the rupee weakened to a nine-month low of Rs 62.25 (intra-day) against the dollar at Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market. IT firms revenues are denominated in US dollar and a weak rupee boosts margins.
Among the 30 Sensex scrips, 16 stocks ended with gains while 14 finished in the negative zone. Other bluechip gainers included SBI, Wipro, Tata Power, ICICI Bank, HDFC, Hindalco, ITC, ONGC, RIL, HUL and CIL.
Sensex laggards included Sesa Sterlite, NTPC, BHEL, M&M, Bharti Airtel, HDFC Bank, Tata Steel, GAIL and L&T.
Similar to last 3-4 trading sessions, markets opened almost flat over Wednesday's closing levels and remained sideways in a very narrow range throughout the trading session, said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio Ltd.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 71.80 crore on Wednesday, according to data provided by stock exchanges.
Sectorally, the BSE IT Index gained the most by surging 1.27 per cent, followed by Healthcare (0.98 per cent), FMCG index (0.39 per cent) and Banking index (0.37 per cent).
On the other hand, the BSE Consumer Durables barometer fell 1.72 per cent, followed by BSE Realty and Metal index, which lost 1.52 per cent and 0.84 per cent respectively.

Supreme Court directs CBI chief Ranjit Sinha to recuse himself from 2G scam casePolicy reform to support India's growth potential: Moody's
Twelve days before his retirement, CBI Director Ranjit Sinha today suffered a major blow when the Supreme Court removed him from the 2G scam case, saying the allegations against him of protecting some accused appears to be “prima facie credible”.
The apex court, in an unprecedented order, handed over the case to the senior-most officer after Sinha in the 2G scam investigating team.
A bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu, however, refused to pass an elaborate order on the issue saying that it would “tarnish” the “image and reputation” of the premier agency.
The fate of the top cop, who is due to retire on December 2, in the case became abundantly clear when the bench, also comprising justices M B Lokur and A K Sikri, before rising for the lunch break, asked senior advocate Vikas Singh, appearing for Sinha, about various options.
The court said it did not want to pass an elaborate order, because it would be against the interest and image of the agency.
“Prima facie the allegations made in the application(by NGO Centre for Public Interest Litigation) are credible and required to be accepted,” the bench observed.
However, his counsel insisted that the allegations levelled against Sinha of scuttling the 2G probe were “untrue”.
The CBI chief’s role was criticised by the apex court- appointed Special Public Prosecutor Anand Grover and counsel appearing for CBI, K K Venugopal, also raised questions on Sinha naming a senior IPS officer as mole in the team.
The apex court also recalled its earlier order by which it directed the NGO to disclose the name of whistleblower who had provided documents and visitors diary of Sinha’s residence.
 
TAGS: 2G Scam Prashant Bhushan Ranjit Sinha Supreme Court
More from economy

BSE Sensex rebounds  NSE Nifty reclaims 8 400 mark; Cipla  Infosys lead rallyBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pct
The stocks today rose for the first time in three sessions with benchmark BSE Sensex closing with 35-point gain at 28,067.56 and NSE Nifty reclaiming 8,400-mark powered by a late spurt in bluechips, led by Infosys, TCS, Cipla and SBI, amid the rupee breaching 62-mark against US dollar.
After surging to 28,118.53 points at the outset on emergence of buying, the Sensex fell back to the day’s low of 27,915.23 on some profit-taking. A late round of buying helped the BSE index reclaim the 28,000-mark and it settled 34.71 points, or 0.12 per cent, higher at 28,067.56.
The gauge had lost 145 points in previous two sessions.
The 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange also recaptured the crucial 8,400-mark by rising 19.60 points, or 0.23 per cent, to close at 8,401.90. It shuttled between 8,353.15 and 8,410.85 intra-day.
It had shed 48.45 points in the previous two sessions.
Gains in Sensex and Nifty were powered by Cipla that climbed 3.23 per cent after the drug maker announced a pact with Serum Institute of India for distribution of paediatric vaccines in Europe.
Infosys and TCS gained 1 per cent each after the rupee weakened to nearly nine-month low of Rs 62.25 (intra-day) against the dollar at forex market. IT firms revenues are denominated in US dollar and a weak rupee boosts margins.
In the 30-Sensex pack, 16 constituents ended higher while 14 finished in the negative zone. Other bluechip gainers included SBI, Wipro, Tata Power, ICICI Bank, HDFC, Hindalco, ITC, ONGC, RIL, HUL and CIL.
Sensex laggards included Sesa Sterlite, NTPC, BHEL, M&M, Bharti Airtel, HDFC Bank, Tata Steel, GAIL and L&T.
“Similar to last 3-4 trading sessions, markets opened almost flat over previous closing levels and remained sideways in a very narrow range throughout the trading session,” said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio Ltd.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors bought shares worth a net Rs 71.80 crore yesterday, according to bourses.
Sectorwise, the BSE IT Index gained the most by surging 1.27 per cent, followed by Healthcare 0.98 per cent, FMCG index 0.39 per cent and Banking index 0.37 per cent. On the other hand, the BSE Consumer Durables barometer fell 1.72 per cent, followed by BSE Realty 1.52 per cent and Metal index 0.84 per cent.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets
Reliance Industries among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015 Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays' top 133 stock picks from...

RBI unlikely to cut rate in next monetary policy review: SBI chiefIndian rupee down 17 paise against dollar in early trade
Ahead of the monetary policy review, SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya today said RBI may leave interest rate unchanged in the next review but could soften its stance by end of the current fiscal.
“The fact of matter is that all the parameters are indicating that there will be further fall in inflation. Between November and January with the base effect it might go up a little bit. But by March it will be well below whatever the glide path that is indicated by the RBI,” she said.
“RBI Governor has indicated that he will be data driven… may be by the end of the fiscal (cut in the interest rate by RBI),” she added.
Asked if she expected rate cut from RBI next month, she said “no”.
“Base effects will also temper inflation in the next few months only to reverse towards the end of the year. The Reserve Bank will look through base effects,” Governor Raghuram Rajan had said in his monetary policy announcement on September 30.
The RBI, which has been keeping rates at an elevated level citing high inflation, wants it to come down to 6 per cent by January 2016. It is scheduled to come out with its bi-monthly policy announcement on December 2.
Inflation based on the Wholesale Price Index cooled to a 5-year low of 1.77 per cent in October driven by softening prices of fuel and food items.
At the same time, retail inflation, based on Consumer Price Index, also eased to 5.52 per cent at end of October.
With moderation in inflation, there is a widespread expectation that RBI will cut interest rate in its upcoming bi-monthly monetary policy.
TAGS: RBI RBI Rate SBI
More from bankingampfinance

Rampal arrested  says allegations against him are falsepicture  others
Behind bars, Rampal says allegations against him false
Arrested controversial 'godman' Rampal rejected charges that he had asked thousands of his followers to be kept "hostage" for past several days inside his ashram at Barwala to evade police action in a contempt of court case.
Sant Rampal is being taken out from General Hospital sector 6 of Panchkula before producing him at Punjab and Haryana High Court.  (Source: Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
"Yeah jhuthee ilzaam hein (these are false allegations)," 63-year-old godman told reporters after his medical examination.     (Source: Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
Asked about claims of his followers that they had been kept hostage by his private armed commandos and other henchmen, Rampal in his first reaction after his arrest, said, "No, this is not true...."  As journalists fired a volley of questions at him, Rampal kept walking towards a waiting police vehicle, jostling his way through the battery of mediapersons who surrounded him.      (Source: Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
Punjab and Haryana High Court on Thursday cancelled the bail of controversial ‘godman’ Rampal in a 2006 murder case and ordered that he be taken into custody immediately.  This picture was taken after his arrest. (Source: Express photo by Jaipal Singh)
He will be later today also produced before Punjab and Haryana High Court in another  contempt case. Earlier, the medical examination of Rampal, who was arrested from his Satlok Ashram in Hisar's Barwala town, was conducted at the Government General hospital at Panchkula, with a doctor describing his major health  parameters as "stable". (Source: Express Photo by Sumit Malhotra)
Followers of Sant Rampal admittded at Maharaja Agarasen Medical college and hospital in Agroha in district Hisar on Nov 19th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
A follower of Sant Rampal admitted to Maharaja Agarasen Medical college and hospital in Agroha in district Hisar on Nov 19th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
A young kid with his injured mother, who was a follower of Sant Rampal admitted to Maharaja Agarasen Medical college and hospital in Agroha in district Hisar on Nov 19th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
A fractured hand of a follower of Sant Rampal admitted at Maharaja Agarasen Medical college and hospital in Agroha in district Hisar on Nov 19th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Related

Indian e-commerce market to hit $15 bn in 2 years: GoogleIndian e-commerce market to hit USD 15 bn in 2 years: Google
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 17:51 IST
Technology giant Google has said increasing internet penetration and growing preference for shopping online will drive the e-commerce market in India to $15 billion by 2016 with a whopping 100 million people going online to shop.
Compared to 8 million in 2012, about 35 million people are now buying everything from apparel to electronics to cosmetics and furniture from online stores. This number is expected to grow almost three times to 100 million in the next two years.
India is estimated to have 302 million Internet users by December 2014, overtaking the US as the world's second largest online userbase. The online shopper base will grow 3X by 2016 and over 50 million new buyers will come from tier I and II cities.
"The confidence to shop online is on the rise as 71 per cent non-buyers (respondents) from tier I and II cities said they plan to shop online in the next 12 months," Google India Managing Director Rajan Anandan told reporters in the national capital on Thursday.
India's e-tailing market is at an inflection point and will see rapid growth to become a $15 billion market by 2016, he added.
According to analysts, the e-commerce market in India is currently estimated to be worth about $3 billion.
Of the 100 million online shoppers, about 40 million are expected to be women. Already, women buyers in tier I cities are driving growth, outspending men by 2X. They are shopping across categories like apparel, beauty and skincare, home furnishing, baby products and jewellery.
Also, over two-thirds respondents highlighted that they preferred shopping online for convenience and variety along with discounts.
The research was conducted by Forrester Consulting across 6,859 respondents. Over 60 per cent respondents said buying online was directly correlated with social status.

Infosys partners with Stanford to design grooming courseInfosys partners with Stanford to design grooming course for its executives
IANS     Bengaluru   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 17:33 IST
Photo: Reuters
IT services major Infosys is partnering with the US-based Stanford Graduate School of Business to develop a tailor-made course for grooming its next-generation executives in the global technology space.
"Our senior executives will team up with Stanford B-school to design a customised strategic leadership development course for training our executives, clients and partners," the IT bellwether said in a statement in Bengaluru on Thursday.
The course will have business management skills and corporate innovation process to help the outsourcing major balance business discipline and entrepreneurial spirit.
"We want to empower our people to help clients explore opportunities and unfold new solutions. The novel initiative mandates a step change in our thinking," Infosys chief executive Vishal Sikka said in the statement.
Sikka is a product of Stanford University in California from where he did doctorate (Ph.D) in artificial intelligence after Master's in computer science from Syracuse University in New York.
"We are privileged to work with Stanford to build a workforce that is equipped to deliver the next-generation services our clients are looking for," Sikka added.
The B-school's executive education office will deliver the leadership programme online and offline and live sessions, which will be enabled by distance-learning technology.
About 200 company executives will participate in the part-time or year-long course in batches of 40 over the next three years.
"Our executives will be able to test and apply their learning to real business challenges in parallel," the statement noted.
Stanford B-school has leveraged Infosys' hi-tech facilities in this tech hub for its "Ignite programme" to participants across the country.
The certificate programme teaches innovators to formulate, develop and commercialise their ideas.
The part-time programme is delivered in-person or live, using high-definition video conference technology, which connects Stanford's B-school with participants in seven global markets.

Kotak Mahindra  ING Vysya Bank shares surge on merger reportsKotak Mahindra Bank, ING Vysya shares surge over 7 per cent on merger reports
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 17:50 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Shares of Kotak Mahindra Bank and ING Vysya Bank surged over seven per cent on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) on Thursday after a news report claimed that merger between the two is on the cards.
Intra-day, Kotak Mahindra's stock surged 7.89 per cent to touch its one-year high of Rs 1,163.70. Similarly, shares of ING Vysya Bank logged a 52-week high by spurting 13.81 per cent to Rs 864.80 a piece.
As per media reports, Kotak Mahindra Bank is in final stages to acquire ING Vysya Bank in a ratio of 2:2.5 and the deal values ING Vysya Bank at Rs 16,500 crore.
Bourses have sought clarification from the two companies about the merger reports.
In a filing to the BSE on Thursday, ING Vysya Bank said, "The company will abide by its obligations to make appropriate disclosures as and when such disclosures are necessitated by decisions taken by the company."
Meanwhile, Kotak Mahindra's reply is awaited.
Kotak Mahindra Bank's stock surged 7.28 per cent to settle at Rs 1,157.05 per scrip on the BSE, while ING Vysya Bank's counter rallied 7.15 per cent to end at Rs 814.20.

Govt to roll out bulk drug pharma policy within 15 daysGovernment to roll out bulk drug pharma policy within 15 days
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 18:05 IST
Photo: Reuters
Government on Thursday said it will rollout a new pharma policy for bulk drugs in 10-15 days which will help the sector grow manifold over the next 5-7 years.
The government is working on industry friendly bulk drug pharma policy . It is likely to be rolled out by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi in next 10-15 days.
Pharmaceuticals Secretary V K Subburaj said at an event organised the PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
The committee and task force set up by the government for preparing the policy have finalised their recommendations which have been sent to the Prime Minister's Office, he said.
The policy will have various concessions for all stakeholders of the pharmaceuticals sector so that it is put on the growth trajectory, he said.
With this policy, the pharma sector which is of Rs 1.8 lakh crore in size at present, is likely to grow by 4-5 times in next 5-7 years with both its domestic production and exports rising phenomenally, Subburaj added.
Drug Controller General G N Singh said the regulator is addressing all the pending issues to liberate the pharma sector and to simplify export regulations which will be reflected in the forthcoming policy.

Gaza militants test-fire rockets post Jerusalem synagogue attack: Israel militaryPrint
FILE - In this file photo taken Tuesday, Nov. 11, 2014, a Palestinian demonstrator holding a national flag jumps during clashes with Israeli soldiers, outside the Ofer military prison, near the West Bank city of Ramallah. The Palestinian president on Tuesday accused Israel of provoking a "religious war" as new violence between the sides broke out in the West Bank, leaving a Palestinian man dead, amid mounting concerns that the long-running conflict is entering a new and dangerous phase. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: November 20, 2014 4:43 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 4:47 pm
The Israeli military said Thursday that militants in the Gaza Strip have test-fired rockets into the Mediterranean Sea, in an apparent attempt to show off their capabilities amid increased tensions in the wake of this week’s deadly synagogue attack.
Four rockets were fired in the past 24 hours, the military said, without elaborating on the test or type of rockets fired. There was no immediate confirmation from Palestinian officials in Gaza.
Israel and Gaza’s Hamas rulers fought a 50-day war over the summer that claimed more than 2,100 Palestinian and 70 Israeli lives.
At the time, Israel said it launched the operation to halt Hamas’ rocket attacks from Gaza — rockets that now have the ability to reach Tel Aviv, Jerusalem and other Israeli cities. And though the rocket fire continued throughout the war, it was largely neutralized by Israel’s “Iron Dome” aerial defense system.
Tensions in the region have spiked in recent weeks, largely over a disputed holy site in Jerusalem sacred to both Muslims and Jews. Palestinian attackers have killed 11 people in five separate incidents, including Tuesday’s storming of a Jerusalem synagogue that killed four worshippers and an Israeli policeman. At least five Palestinians involved in the attacks were killed.
The violence has prompted anti-Arab demonstrations by Israeli right-wingers. On Wednesday, Mayor Itamar Shimoni of the southern Israeli city of Ashkelon suspended Israeli Arab laborers from work. They were renovating bomb shelters at local day-care centers.
The move drew criticism on Thursday, including from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu who said “there is no place for discrimination against Israeli Arabs.” Economy Minister Naftali Bennett, who anchors the far right wing of Netanyahu’s coalition, insisted that “99 percent continued…

SPOTTED: Virat Kohli  Anushka Sharma at the airportentertainment
Airport spotting: Couple Virat Kohli, Anushka Sharma
Lovebirds Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli are taking no pains to hide themselves from the media now.  The couple was spotted together at Mumbai airport on Wednesday (November 19)(Source: Varinder Chawla)
Virat Kohli, who led India to a series win over Sri Lanka recently, looked smart in blue shirt, jeans and white sneakers. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Anushka Sharma, who will be soon seen in 'PK' opposite Aamir Khan, was chilled out in a white top, jeans and baseball cap. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Anushka also looked relaxed. It was the couple's first public appearance together after the famous 'kiss' by beau Virat during the India -Sri Lanka match earlier this month. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
A smiling Virat Kohli - Is it love?
Later in the day, Virat also said:  "It is out in the open (Jo hai sabke saamne hai abhi). We are not hiding anything, we are not trying to hide anything. I don't want to hide anything. But if you get repeatedly asked on the same thing and if it is made a matter of debate then both the individuals don't feel it is right," said Kohli at the launch of his fashion line here today."      (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Indian batsman Suresh Raina was also spotted at the airport. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Batsman Yuvraj Singh was bright in red T shirt with jeans. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Besides the lovebirds, a few other Bollywood celebs were also sighted at the airport. First was  Kareena Kapoor Khan, who was stylish as always in black jeggings, boots and olive green jacket.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Also travelling with her younger sister was Karisma Kapoor. Karisma looked perfect in black and white. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
It's one of those days when fashionista Sonam Kapoor loves to dress down and must say we have no complaints. She looks perfect to us. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sonam Kapoor ties her hair in a bun. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan was also spotted at the airport. He was leaving for Goa to attend IFFI 2014. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Former Miss India Neha Dhupia was also spotted at the airport. Neha was smart in casuals - jeans, white shirt, jackets and shades. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Tech Mahindra to buy US-based network services operatorTech Mahindra to buy US-based Lightbridge Communications for USD 240 million
Nivedita Bhattacharjee     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 18:43 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Tech Mahindra, the home-grown software services company said it would buy Virginia-based network services operator Lightbridge Communications for US $240 million in a bid to boost its presence in the United States.
The acquisition, which is expected to close by the fourth quarter of the current financial year, will add 20-30 new clients to Tech Mahindra , Chief Executive Officer CP Gurnani said on a call.
Gurnani also said that all of Lightbridge's 5,700 employees would join Tech Mahindra, taking the IT company 's total headcount to about 1,00,000.
"We expect network services to be a major growth engine for our organisation," Tech Mahindra Executive Vice Chairman Vineet Nayyar said in a statement. As of now, the telecommunications business accounts for around 45 per cent of the company's revenue.
The Pune-based software services provider did not say how much its revenue would be boosted by the deal.
(Reuters)

Cipla stocks rise 4% after tie up with Serum InstituteCipla stocks rise 4 per cent after tie up with Serum Institute
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 18:32 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
Shares of pharmaceuticals firm Cipla on Thursday rose by nearly 4 per cent after it announced an agreement with Serum Institute of India for distribution of paediatric vaccines in Europe.
Cipla's stock surged 3.23 per cent to settle at Rs 618.60 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE). In intra-day, it climbed 4.13 per cent to Rs 624.
At the National Stock Exchange (NSE), it rose by 3.89 per cent to end the day at Rs 622.50.
The company's market value also moved up by Rs 1,553.72 crore to Rs 49,668.72 crore.
As per the agreement, Serum Institute of India (SII) will develop and manufacture paediatric vaccines and Cipla will seek European Medicines Agency approval and market the products in Europe, the company said in a statement.
This collaboration with SII enables Cipla to enter into the vaccines segment, it said.
Commenting on the agreement, Cipla MD and Global CEO Subhanu Saxena said the Europe-specific partnership with SII is aligned with its commitment to access to affordable paediatric healthcare.

NTPC raises Rs 3 100 cr via bonds in global marketsNTPC raises Rs 3,100 crore via bonds in global markets
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 18:04 IST
(Photo: Associated Press)
National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC), the country's largest power generating company, has announced raising $500 million (about Rs 3,100 crore) through medium-term bonds offering in the international markets.
" NTPC launched a benchmark size, senior, unsecured, fixed rate 10 year bond transaction with an initial price guidance of US Treasuries, yesterday," the company said in a statement on Thursday.
Medium Term Note, which usually matures in five to 10 years, will give an annulised return of 4.375 per cent.
"We are happy with the overwhelming investor response. It is an affirmation of our leadership position in the Indian power sector by the international investors and renewed interest in India," Arup Roy Choudhury, CMD, NTPC said.
The company intends to use the proceeds to finance its ongoing and new power projects. Barclays, Citigroup, Deutsche Bank, HSBC and SBI Capital Markets acted as joint book-runners and lead managers.
"We are glad to receive a warm welcome from investors on our return to the bond markets after a gap and at very fine levels inside of comparable secondary levels," Kulamani Biswal, Director (Finance), NTPC said.

Vu launches 32-inch Android KitKat LED TV at Rs26 990The Android TV comes with a built-in Amlogic Quadcore S802 graphics chipset.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 6:12 pm
Vu Televisions has launched its 32-inch LED smart TV running Android 4.4.2 KitKat operating system at Rs. 26,990. The TV has 50 built-in applications and gives direct access to the web. The VU 32 has connectivity options like Skype, Facebook, Youtube and Miracast. Users can also download apps from the Google Play Store to the Vu Android TV and have complete access to them.
The Android TV comes with a built-in Amlogic Quadcore S802 graphics chipset. “The Indian consumer market is growing at a rapid speed with increased demand for smart gadgets. The new Vu 32-inch Android TV offers viewers a host of applications and additional functions that makes TV viewing an interactive experience,” said Devita Saraf, CEO & Design Head, Vu Technologies.
Specs:
ARM Cortex A9, up to 2.0GHz
Octacore ARM Mali-450GPU, comply with OpenGL ES 1.1/2.0 and OpenVG1.1
2GB DDR3 RAM

Too much texting bad for yourspinePrint
(Source: Surgical Technology International)
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New York | Posted: November 20, 2014 6:11 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 6:12 pm
Simple texting on smartphone can exert nearly 23 kg of pressure on your spine depending on the angle at which you are texting, an alarming research has revealed.
“Loss of the natural curve of the cervical spine leads to incrementally increased stresses about the cervical spine,” wrote study author Kenneth K. Hansraj, a New York-based spinal and orthopaedic surgeon.
Your spine is at its happiest when your ears fall on the same plane as your shoulders and your shoulder blades are retracted.
“Without these adjustments, you put added stress on your spine,” Hansraj added.
During the study, Hansraj calculated how stressful varying degrees of curvature would be on a person’s spine.
At zero degrees of tilt, the resting pressure is equal to the weight of the person’s head – roughly 4.5 kg-5.5 kg.
But for each 15 degrees of tilt, the pressure increases.
At 15 degrees, a person feels 12 kg of pressure; at 30 degrees, it ups to 18 kg.
At 60 degrees, a person should feel roughly 27 kg of force on the spine.
People use mobile devices for roughly two to four hours a day, meaning our necks stay bent for 700 to 1,400 hours in a given year.
“High school students are even worse as they may hit 5,000 hours before they graduate,” Hansraj added.
While it is nearly impossible to avoid the technologies that cause these issues, individuals should make an effort to look at their phones with a neutral spine and to avoid spending hours each day hunched over, the author suggested.
People should stop holding their phones by their waists and surgeons should help minimise post-surgery complications by keeping patient behaviours in mind, Hansraj concluded.
The study appeared in the journal Surgical Technology International.

WHO: Ebola transmission  intense  in Sierra LeonePrint
FILE - In this file photo taken on Sept. 24, 2014, nurse Dalila Martinez, trainer of the Cuban medical team to travel to Sierra Leone, enters a tent during a practice drill at a training camp, in Havana, Cuba. A member of the 165-member medical team Cuba sent to fight Ebola in Sierra Leone has been diagnosed with the disease, according to state media. State media said that Dr Felix Baez Sarria an internal medicine specialist, came down with a fever of more than 100 degrees on Sunday, Nov. 16, 2014, and was diagnosed with Ebola the following day. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Sierra Leone | Posted: November 20, 2014 6:01 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 7:39 pm
The spread of Ebola remains “intense” in most of Sierra Leone even as things have improved somewhat in the two other countries hardest hit, the World Health Organization says.
Some 168 new confirmed cases emerged in a single week in Sierra Leone’s capital of Freetown recently, according to a WHO report.
“The numbers are still rising and the transmission is persistent and widespread,” said Amadu Kamara, the U.N.’s Ebola crisis manager in Sierra Leone. “Rapid and coordinated response are needed to overcome the spread of the Ebola disease.”
The WHO report released late Wednesday indicated that Sierra Leone had the lowest percentage of Ebola patients who had been isolated — only 13 percent. By comparison, that figure was 72 percent in Guinea.
The disease is spread through direct physical contact with the bodily fluids of sick people and bodies, making it crucial that those who are contagious are placed into isolation.
Health officials are aiming to isolate at least 70 percent of the sick, a target Kamara acknowledged was still far out of reach.
“Progress is slow and we are falling short, and we need to accelerate our efforts,” he said.
WHO has said that at least 1,250 people, including seven of the country’s doctors, have died in Sierra Leone since the outbreak there began earlier this year.
Ebola is blamed for more than 5,400 deaths in Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea.
By comparison, the report said cases appear “to have stabilized” over the last four weeks in Liberia. Still, Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf warned people to keep up their vigilance even though she said the country now has “the upper hand.”
“Our government remains concerned that progress in this battle will lead to complacency on the part of the international community,” she said Wednesday. “It must continued…

Too much texting bad for your spinePrint
(Source: Surgical Technology International)
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New York | Posted: November 20, 2014 6:11 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 6:12 pm
Simple texting on smartphone can exert nearly 23 kg of pressure on your spine depending on the angle at which you are texting, an alarming research has revealed.
“Loss of the natural curve of the cervical spine leads to incrementally increased stresses about the cervical spine,” wrote study author Kenneth K. Hansraj, a New York-based spinal and orthopaedic surgeon.
Your spine is at its happiest when your ears fall on the same plane as your shoulders and your shoulder blades are retracted.
“Without these adjustments, you put added stress on your spine,” Hansraj added.
During the study, Hansraj calculated how stressful varying degrees of curvature would be on a person’s spine.
At zero degrees of tilt, the resting pressure is equal to the weight of the person’s head – roughly 4.5 kg-5.5 kg.
But for each 15 degrees of tilt, the pressure increases.
At 15 degrees, a person feels 12 kg of pressure; at 30 degrees, it ups to 18 kg.
At 60 degrees, a person should feel roughly 27 kg of force on the spine.
People use mobile devices for roughly two to four hours a day, meaning our necks stay bent for 700 to 1,400 hours in a given year.
“High school students are even worse as they may hit 5,000 hours before they graduate,” Hansraj added.
While it is nearly impossible to avoid the technologies that cause these issues, individuals should make an effort to look at their phones with a neutral spine and to avoid spending hours each day hunched over, the author suggested.
People should stop holding their phones by their waists and surgeons should help minimise post-surgery complications by keeping patient behaviours in mind, Hansraj concluded.
The study appeared in the journal Surgical Technology International.

Rupee recovers from 9-month low  ends at 61.94Forex update: Rupee recovers from 9-month low, ends at 61.94 against US dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 18:39 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee on Thursday slumped to a nine-month low of 62.25 against the dollar but recovered marginally to end at 61.94 against the Greenback on suspected selling of the US currency by state-run banks on behalf of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and mild recovery in stocks.
The privous low logged by the Indian rupee was at 62.45 against the American unit in mid-session of February 20, 2014.
Sustained capital inflows, although in small lots in the last couple of days, also helped the domestic currency to recover some lost ground but a stronger dollar overseas capped the rise in the rupee, a forex dealer said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the rupee commenced lower at 62.03 per dollar from its previous close of 61.96 on Wednesday and dipped to a nine-month low of 62.25 on strong dollar demand from oil companies.
The local unit managed to rebound and settle at 61.94 for the day, snapping the 5-session losing streak.
The rupee had lost 45 paise or 0.73 per cent in last five consecutive sessions.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said, "The rupee traded weak... Made nine-months low, taking cues from weak local equities and strong dollar. It appreciated towards end due to RBI intervention through state-owned banks."
Among other overseas currencies, the rupee recovered slightly against the pound to 97.10 and recouped to 77.64 per euro. The domestic unit, however, remained firm to close at 52.46 per 100 Japanese yen from 52.68.
Meanwhile, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex snapped its two-day falls and closed 34.71 points (or 0.12 per cent) higher.
Forign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) and Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) bought shares worth US $36.95 million on Wednesday, as per data provided by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
The dollar index was up by 0.10 per cent against its major global rivals. The benchmark six-month premium payable in April ended at 205-207 paise as against 208-210 paise previously.
Forward contracts maturing in October, 2015, closed at 426.5-428.5 as against 429-431 paise on Wednesday.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) fixed the reference rate for dollar at 62.10 and for the Euro at 77.91.

Kotak Mahindra set to acquire ING Vysya BankSumeet Chatterjee and Devidutta Tripathy        Last Updated: November 20, 2014  | 19:21 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Kotak Mahindra Bank, the private sector lender, said on Thursday that its board had approved an all-stock deal to acquire local rival ING Vysya Bank , in which Dutch lender ING Group owns about 43 per cent stake.
The board approved a swap ratio of 725 shares of Rs 5 each of Kotak Mahindra for every 1,000 shares of ING Vysya of Rs 10, the Mumbai-based bank said in a statement.
The private sector lender added that the deal is subject to regulatory approvals.
Shares of Kotak Mahindra Bank and ING Vysya Bank surged over seven per  cent on the Bombay Stock Exchange ( BSE ) on Thursday after a news report  claimed that a merger between the two is on the cards.
(Reuters)

Mumbai in world s 15 most attractive cities to live and work in list: INSEAD surveyPolicy reform to support India's growth potential: Moody's
India’s financial capital Mumbai is among the world’s most attractive cities in terms of professional and private life in a list topped by Dubai and followed by Amsterdam.
INSEAD, one of the world’s leading and largest graduate business schools, carried out the survey titled INSEAD Alumni and found that Dubai was rated world’s most attractive city to live and work in. Surprisingly, London ranked 10 and Paris 11.
Mumbai, which ranked 13, is the only Indian city to appear in the list of 15 best cities worldwide. It came 13th in overall attractiveness, seventh in economic dynamism, 15th in quality of life and fifth in cost of living, INSEAD said.
Dubai was followed by Amsterdam which rated second, then Toronto, Singapore, Madrid, Hong Kong, New York, Tokyo, Shanghai, London, Paris, Milano, Mumbai, Moscow and Sao Paulo respectively.
“To some it might come as a surprise that Dubai has been ranked as the best place to work globally by the INSEAD Alumni Association, but for INSEAD in the region this is not a revelation.
“Today’s business leaders and key decision-makers recognise the dynamism of this country, which leads many to choose to live, work and actively immerse themselves in the regional business landscape,” Miguel Lobo, Associate Professor of Decision Sciences and Director of INSEAD Campus, Abu Dhabi said.
Dubai ranked first in economic dynamism, third in overall attractiveness and received the fourth place in quality of life and cost of living.
INSEAD Alumni Association France recorded and assessed the responses of 835 INSEAD Alumni with international working experience.
The assessments were drawn from 30 criteria dealing with professional and private life that include economic dynamism (quality of labour, access to funding, etc), quality of life (sports and cultural facilities, air quality, etc) and cost of living (real estate, dining and entertainment, etc) among others.
TAGS: Best City In India Most Attractive City In India Mumbai
More from economy
Russia may set up 20-24 nuclear energy units in India Russia may set up 20-24 nuclear energy units in India as the two sides are likely to come out with a road map for cooperation in the energy...

Kriti Sanon to endorse AmericanSwanThe actress will endorse the brand’s women’s line of clothing and accessories and will feature in the new brand campaign.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 7:13 pm
Model-turned-actress Kriti Sanon had been roped in as the brand ambassador of online fashion brand American Swan.
The actress will endorse the brand’s women’s line of clothing and accessories and will feature in the new brand campaign.
“My generation looks forward to new trends and fast-moving styles, and we want to see new merchandise almost every week. I am happy to be associated with a brand that is young, chic and voguish and its range and designs keep pace with my frequently changing style,” Kriti said in a statement.
Anurag Rajpal, CEO of American Swan, said he wants to reach out to the fashion-forward youth and Sanon represents today’s young women who are well-groomed, trendy and have their own distinct dressing sense.
“Our clothes are about dressing smart and fashionably in casuals and Kriti Sanon is a perfect fit for our brand and the new collection,” he said.

Harry Baweja happy with reactions to Chaar Sahibzaade"Chaar Sahibzaade", that released Nov 6, deals with the story behind the reverence for Guru Gobind Singh.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 20, 2014 7:09 pm
Filmmaker Harry Baweja says he is happy with the reactions he has been getting to his animated film “Chaar Sahibzaade”.
“I am extremely happy with the reaction that I am getting from my audience and from the industry people. It has been great so far, I feel blessed,” said Baweja who has directed the film.
“Chaar Sahibzaade”, that released Nov 6, deals with the story behind the reverence for Guru Gobind Singh.
Baweja says it was a time consuming process to make this animation film.
“It was a tedious job to make an animation film. I had no choice but to make it in animation. I hope we make more animation films in India. It took close to three years for me to make this film,” he said.

Congress Ajay Maken tears into govts KVP relaunch; says it will promote blackmoneyPrint
Ajay Maken.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 20, 2014 7:07 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 8:32 pm
Upping the ante over black money issue ahead of the Winter Session of Parliament, the Congress on Thursday accused the NDA Government of failing on its promise to bring back the illegal wealth and questioned its recent decision to reintroduce the saving certificates scheme.
“BJP government came to power with various promises including one about bringing back black money. It is sad that the government, which talked of bringing back black money is rather promoting black money,” AICC General Secretary Ajay Maken said. With the objective to raise savings in the country, the government relaunched Kisan Vikas Patra (KVP), an instrument which aims to provide trusted option of investment to poor and keep them off ponzi schemes.
Citing a report of the Shyamala Gopinath Committee on Small Savings Schemes and their Public Policy Objectives, he said the panel had recommended that KVP should be discontinued in view of the risks of money laundering and financial terrorism. “While the Narendra Modi-led government talked of bringing back black money and acting tough against corruption, they have re-introduced the (KVP) scheme, which was fraught with the risk of money laundering and financial terrorism. It was done away with because there was apprehension that it could promote black money.
“I want to know from Finance Minister Arun Jaitley as to why they reintroduced this scheme, which was abolished as per the committee’s recommendation. Did they earlier only do lip serving by talking about bringing back black money?” he asked. Seeking to put NDA government on the defencive ahead of the Winter Session, Congress will soon come out with its second booklet projecting it as a government of “U-turns”.
A senior party leader said a compilation of contradictions between the promises made by BJP to people before elections and what actions it took since it came to office six months ago will be released soon. Congress has been consistent in attacking the Prime Minister over his alleged “u-turns” on issues such as black money and national security.

Tinsukia: One tea-grower killed in attack by suspected ULFA(I)militantsBy: Press Trust of India | Tinsukia | Posted: November 20, 2014 7:03 pm
A small tea-grower was shot dead while another one was critically injured in an attack by suspected ULFA(I) terrorists at Duarmara Reserve Forest in Tinsukia district, police said. “Four small tea growers were coming from Pengeree to Digboi last night in a vehicle. While they were crossing the Duarmara Reserve Forest, six suspected ULFA(I) militants stopped their vehicle and tried to kidnap them,” said Tinsukia Superintendent of Police Akhilesh Kumar Singh.
When the four persons resisted and attempted to flee, the extremists fired at them, he added. “Akan Tanti (30) died on spot. Another person, identified as Sankar Roy (32), was critically injured and now being treated at Tinsukia Civil Hospital,” Singh said. The other two persons are Deepak Tanti and Bheemkant Moran, he said.
After the incident, the six militants fled from the scene and police has launched an operation to nab them, Singh said. “We have got information that some ULFA(I) cadre have recently intruded into the district. This incident may be the handiwork of them,” he added.

Mike Nichols  crafter of films  plays  dies at83The death was confirmed by ABC News President James Goldston on Thursday.
By: Agence-France Presse | New York | Posted: November 20, 2014 7:00 pm
Mike Nichols, the director of matchless versatility who brought fierce wit, caustic social commentary and wicked absurdity to such film, TV and stage hits as “The Graduate,” ”Angels in America” and “Monty Python’s Spamalot,” has died. He was 83.
The death was confirmed by ABC News President James Goldston on Thursday. Nichols died Wednesday evening. Goldston said the family was holding a small private service this week.
Nichols, who was married to TV journalist Diane Sawyer, also was a groundbreaking comedy performer who teamed with Elaine May as a popular act onstage and television.

Mahinda Rajapaksa calls for snap polls; seeks an unprecedented third 6-yeartermPrint
Mahinda Rajapaksa.
By: Press Trust of India | Colombo | Posted: November 20, 2014 6:10 pm | Updated: November 20, 2014 10:03 pm
Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa called early elections today, seeking an unprecedented third six-year term in office amid signs of a drop in popularity and demands of his powers to be curbed. Rajapaksa – who was elected in 2005 and in 2010 – called for snap elections, a full two years before his tenure ends.
His proclamation to seek re-election was issued at an auspicious hour, presidential officials said. “I am declaring a secret today. I have signed the proclamation calling for the election for re-election for the third time… That is democracy,” Rajapaksa said on state television.
A message on the Rajapaksa’s twitter account said he signed the proclamation declaring his intention to hold a presidential election seeking another term. Rajapaksa, 69, became eligible to call an election yesterday after completing the mandatory four years in his second term.
Elections Commissioner Mahinda Deshapriya’s office said the presidential proclamation has been received and the due nominations procedure would follow. The election is likely to be held in early January. Under the country’s constitution, the president may call elections four years into a term. The Supreme Court upheld this law earlier this month, paving the way for his announcement.
Rajapaksa’s decision came amid signs that he and his party were politically vulnerable. In local elections in September, his United People’s Freedom Alliance suffered its worst losses, losing roughly 20 per cent support among voters. Yesterday, his ally, the National Heritage Party (JHU), announced that it was exiting the government. As the main party of Buddhist monks, its departure could damage his support in a country where Buddhists comprise nearly 70 per cent of its population of 21.8 million.
The JHU attributed Rajapaksa’s grip on power as a reason for its decision to leave the government, echoing an oft-voiced criticism by the opposition. Rajapaksa narrowly won elections in 2005. Six years later, he and his party clinched an overwhelming victory, after his government’s success in defeating the LTTE in 2009, ending more than a quarter century of civil war.
However, his presidency has faced increasing scrutiny since 2010 when he changed the constitution, giving himself more executive powers and reversing a campaign promise to scrap a two-term limit. For the first time since Sri Lanka gained independence in 1978, the president of the island nation has announced he will be seeking an unprecedented third term.
The President has already kicked off his re-election bid with posters carrying his portrait appearing throughout the island since yesterday. The next step is for the Elections Commissioner to accept nominations. The candidates must file their nominations between 16 and
22 days from today. A minimum 28-day period will thereafter be allowed for campaigning.
The main opposition challenger to Rajapaksa will be named soon, opposition sources said.

Kotak approves merger with ING VysyaSave this video
Copy URL
Kotak Mahindra approves merger with ING Vysya bank. Kotak bank to give 725 shares for every 1000 shares of ING Vysya.
107

