Abbott increases quarterly dividendBy Ellen Jean Hirst Chicago Tribune contact the reporter
Abbott has increased its quarterly dividend, payable Feb. 13
Abbott Laboratories increased its quarterly dividend to 24 cents per share from 22 cents, the company said Friday.
The cash dividend will be payable Feb. 13 to people who will have been shareholders by the close of business Jan. 15.
The medical products company said the increase marks the 43rd consecutive year it increased its dividend. It's also the 364th consecutive quarterly dividend paid by the company since 1924.

REP. JOHN LEWIS: From Selma to March to a moral social-media voice [+ANIMATED VIDEO]By Michael Cavna December 12, 2014 Follow @comicriffs
“WHAT HAPPENS when a man says, ‘Enough is enough?’ ”
That line punctuates the trailer for the new film “Selma,” which yesterday received its D.C. premiere and four Golden Globe nominations , including for Best Motion Picture Drama. The film, which depicts the nonviolent protests that culminate with the 1965 Selma, Ala., march that led President Lyndon Johnson to sign landmark civil-rights legislation, stars Globe-nominated David Oyelowo as the Rev. Martin Luther King, and features Stephan James as then-20something movement leader John Lewis.
“MARCH: Book Two” (courtesy of Top Shelf).
A half-century later, Lewis, now a congressman and still a moral force to be reckoned with, continually teaches the still-enlightening lessons of that era, through works like his graphic-novel trilogy “March,” which opens on Selma’s Edmund Pettus Bridge the day of that bloody nonviolent protest, when Lewis was beaten and arrested and stared down death. ( “March: Book Two” is due out next month.)
Lewis, who two years earlier had been the youngest speaker at the March on Washington, has been a much-needed leader through the hot summer of unarmed black men killed by police, and the autumn aftermath of no grand-jury indictments being returned in Missouri and New York. While the #ICantBreathe hashtag has burned for justice, Rep. Lewis has, on Twitter, breathed cool reason into the fury, the voice of pioneering experience, urging as ever for the nonviolent way of protest.
Earlier, I sat with Rep. Lewis to talk about teaching civil rights through comics, and the mission of “March” (a copy of which he gave to every member of Congress). Now, Comic Riffs juxtaposes that history with his current leadership through social media, as even about 100 Hill staffers nonviolently protest the Michael Brown and Eric Garner cases this week on the Capitol steps.
Because what happen when a movement says, “Enough is enough?”

Only Much Louder: Artiste management booking agencyDec 23, 2014, 10.11 AM IST
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Post your opinion here
The page you are seeking has expired and is no longer available on Moneycontrol.com
ADS BY GOOGLE

Nifty likely to open in red following weak global cues  poor macrosDec 15, 2014, 07.52 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty likely to open in red following weak global cues
Globally, Asian stocks have kickstarted the week on the back foot, tracking sharp declines on Wall Street, as investors fretted about the relentless slide in oil prices and declining manufacturing sentiment in Japan.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty likely to open in red following weak global cues
Globally, Asian stocks have kickstarted the week on the back foot, tracking sharp declines on Wall Street, as investors fretted about the relentless slide in oil prices and declining manufacturing sentiment in Japan.
Post your opinion here
 
The Indian equity market is expected to start the week on a negative note on the back of weak global cues and poor macro data. The SGX Nifty was trading at 8224.50, down 48.50 points at 7:30am.
Globally, Asian stocks have kickstarted the week on the back foot, tracking sharp declines on Wall Street, as investors fretted about the relentless slide in oil prices and declining manufacturing sentiment in Japan.
The Dow and S&P ended Friday’s session down over a percent and a half each. The Nasdaq also lost over a percent.European stock markets too closed sharply lower on Friday, posting their biggest weekly loss since august 2011, as commodity prices continued to fall and shares in oil-related firms came under renewed pressure from the weak price for crude.
In other asset classes, the dollar cut its losses against the euro, extending gains against the yen and reached an 11-year high against the Norwegian crown on plunging oil prices
Brent crude futures fell as much as 2.5 percent to a new five-year low near USD 60 a barrel after the International Energy Agency forecasted further price falls and OPEC's chief defended the group's decision not to cut its output target. And gold held steady at around USD 1220 an ounce following a firm dollar.
Back home, Indian growth engines are sputtering with factory output shrinking by 4.2 percent, the worst fall in 3 years. But inflation continues to slow down with the CPI hitting 4.38 percent in November.
Furthermore, India’s largest IT firm TCS has raised the red flag saying the company’s third quarter revenues will be hit due to seasonal impact and slackening of momentum. Meanwhile, key brokerages have pruned estimates stating soft demand commentary comes as a negative surprise.
And the decks have been cleared for the upcoming coal block auctions as the Lok Sabha has passed the Coal Mines Act--- the law has a provision to enable commercial mining of coal.
RELATED NEWS

UN agrees building blocks for new-style climate deal in  15Dec 15, 2014, 08.16 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
UN agrees building blocks for new-style climate deal in '15
Under the deal reached in Lima, governments will submit national plans for reining in greenhouse gas emissions by an informal deadline of March 31, 2015 to form the basis of a global agreement due at a summit in Paris in a year's time.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
UN agrees building blocks for new-style climate deal in '15
Under the deal reached in Lima, governments will submit national plans for reining in greenhouse gas emissions by an informal deadline of March 31, 2015 to form the basis of a global agreement due at a summit in Paris in a year's time.
Post your opinion here
 
About 190 nations agreed on Sunday the building blocks of a new-style global deal due in 2015 to combat climate change amid warnings that far tougher action will be needed to limit increases in global temperatures.
Under the deal reached in Lima, governments will submit national plans for reining in greenhouse gas emissions by an informal deadline of March 31, 2015 to form the basis of a global agreement due at a summit in Paris in a year's time.
Most of the tough decisions about how to slow climate change were postponed until then. "Much remains to be done in Paris next year," French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said.
The texts, agreed two days into overtime after two weeks of talks came close to collapsing, appeased emerging economies led by China and India, concerned that previous drafts imposed too heavy a burden on emerging economies compared to the rich.
"We've got what we wanted," said Indian Environment Minister Prakash Javedekar, who said the text preserved a notion enshrined in a 1992 climate convention that the rich have to lead the way in making cuts in greenhouse gas emissions.
It also satisfied rich nations led by the United States who say it is time for fast-growing emerging economies to rein in fast-rising emissions. China is now the biggest greenhouse gas emitter ahead of the United States, the EU and India.
US Special Climate Change Envoy Todd Stern said that a joint US-China deal last month to curb emissions had helped show new ways to bridge a standoff between rich and poor. "The announcement of a few weeks ago came in handy here," he said.
"This is a good document to pave the way to Paris," EU Climate Action and Energy Commissioner Miguel Arias Canete told Reuters at the end of the talks about limiting more floods, desertification, heat waves and rising sea levels.
Some environmental groups, however, said the deal, reached at a tent city on a military base in the Peruvian capital, was far too weak.
"We went from weak to weaker to weakest," Samantha Smith of the WWF conservation group said of successive drafts at the Lima talks.
NEW STYLE
The idea of a UN deal with obligations for all nations marks a shift from the 1997 Kyoto Protocol, which obliges only the rich to cut emissions.
Christiana Figueres, the UN's climate chief, said Lima found a new ways to define the obligations of rich and poor. "That is a very important breakthrough," she said.
"What we are seeing is a new form of international cooperation on climate change where all countries participate with a new set of rules," said Jennifer Morgan of the World Resources Institute think-tank.
The U.N. Climate Change Secretariat says that the combined pledges by all nations likely in Paris will be too weak to achieve a goal of limiting warming to an agreed goal of 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial times.
Under the Lima deal, national pledges will be added up in a report by Nov. 1, 2015, to assess their aggregate effect in slowing rising temperatures.
But, after opposition led by China, there will not be a full-blown review to compare each nation's level of ambition.
And the text lays out a vast range of options for the Paris accord, including the possibility of aiming for zero net global emissions by 2100 or earlier in a drastic shift from fossil fuels towards renewable energies such as wind and solar power.

India to reap $12 bn-plus budget windfall from oil slideDec 24, 2014, 03.30 PM IST  | Source: CNBC
India to reap $12 bn-plus Budget windfall from oil slide
The savings would come in the form of reduced fuel subsidy costs and higher petrol and diesel levies, the sources said. In addition, finance ministry officials have proposed restoring a crude oil import duty that was scrapped in 2011.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India to reap $12 bn-plus Budget windfall from oil slide
The savings would come in the form of reduced fuel subsidy costs and higher petrol and diesel levies, the sources said. In addition, finance ministry officials have proposed restoring a crude oil import duty that was scrapped in 2011.
Post your opinion here
 
A plunge of nearly half in oil prices could help Indian Finance Minister Arun Jaitley reap a fiscal windfall of at least USD 12 billion when he presents his 2015/16 budget in February, two government sources told Reuters.
The savings would come in the form of reduced fuel subsidy costs and higher petrol and diesel levies, the sources said. In addition, finance ministry officials have proposed restoring a crude oil import duty that was scrapped in 2011.
As a result, the government would claw back most of the money that India saves on oil
imports. That would help Jaitley hit borrowing targets but dilute any boost to consumption in Asia's third-largest economy.
Energy-hungry India imports around 4 million barrels of oil per day and the net cost of the country's oil imports is expected to total USD 88 billion in the fiscal year to next March, based on a budgeted oil price of USD 105 per barrel.
Read More: When will the hideous downturn for oil be over?
Officials drawing up Jaitley's first full-year budget are penciling in a view that oil prices will average USD 65-USD 70 in 2015/16. That would cut the national import bill by USD 18 billion - or 0.9 percent of GDP, they reckon.
"Benefits from the fall in oil prices would reflect in the budget through lower oil subsidies and higher tax projections next year," one senior finance ministry official told Reuters.
The sources estimate that the overall fiscal boost can total 750 billion rupees (USD 12 billion). More than half, 400 billion rupees, would come from savings on oil subsidies.
Tax and don't spend
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in power since May, has freed prices for diesel, which account for 40 percent of consumption of refined fuels.
Read More: OPEC's Badri: Oil's price slide beyond fundamentals
Taking advantage of the resulting fall in pump prices, his government has raised factory gate duties on petrol and diesel twice in the last month. That means state coffers, and not drivers, will benefit to the tune of USD 1.6 billion this fiscal year and nearly USD 5 billion next year.
A revival in the profitability of state-owned oil refiners like Hindustan Petroleum Corporation and Indian Oil Corporation could generate another USD 1 billion in extra revenues.
Further, ministry officials recommend restoring the old 5 percent crude oil import duty in full. This would require Modi's approval, and if implemented could raise up to USD 4 billion more, lifting total potential fiscal gains to over USD 16 billion.
"A proposal to impose import duty on crude oil is under consideration," said another finance ministry source. "The final decision could be announced in the budget." Both sources requested anonymity, because they were not authorized to speak to the press on the record.
Jaitley is struggling to hit his fiscal deficit target of 4.1 percent of gross domestic product this fiscal year. He wants to cut it to 3.6 percent in 2015/16, and 3 percent in 2016/17.
Budget bailout
Fiscal constraints leave little over for the wider economy, with consumers still cautious about their prospects and concerned that recent falls in inflation will be only temporary.
Although the price of diesel, used by truckers and farmers, has fallen by 6 percent in the past five months, drivers in India are now paying more to fill up than in the United States.
Read More: Why India and Russia remain BFFs
"The boost to household consumption is likely to be small," said Shilan Shah, India Economist at Capital Economics in London. "The government has been able to take advantage of the windfall."
By Shah's reckoning, the oil windfall could help cut the budget deficit by 0.5 percent of GDP, as well as narrowing the current account gap and easing price pressures.
"This could lead to the RBI beginning to cut interest rates early next year, which on its own should have impact on economic growth," said Shah.
RELATED NEWS

Indian rupee opens at 62.50 per dollar; slips 21 paiseDec 15, 2014, 09.04 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian rupee opens at 62.50 per dollar; slips 21 paise
Expect the USD-INR to trade in the range of 62.30-62.62/dollar today, says Agam Gupta of Standard Chartered.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian rupee opens at 62.50 per dollar; slips 21 paise
Expect the USD-INR to trade in the range of 62.30-62.62/dollar today, says Agam Gupta of Standard Chartered.
Post your opinion here
 
The Indian rupee declined in the opening trade on Monday. It has slipped by 21 paise at 62.50 per dollar against 62.29 Friday.
The dollar cut its losses against the euro, extended gains against the yen and reached an 11-year high against the Norwegian Crown on plunging oil prices.
Agam Gupta of Standard Chartered said, "Expect capital inflows to remain muted as the market is moving into year-end mode. We can see some dollar buying from FIIs who have India exposure. Exporters are likely to sell into any upticks and demand for the dollar will emerge from local importers on any downticks to Rs 62.35/dollar.
"Keep an eye out for the PSU banks who were sellers on Friday at 62.50/dollar levels. Expect the USD-INR to trade in the range of 62.30-62.62/dollar today," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Investor Camp: Dalal Street the way aheadDec 13, 2014, 03.10 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Investor Camp: Dalal Street & the way ahead
Watch Investor Camp at Mumbai with CNBC-TV18's Udayan Mukherjee and Sonia Shenoy where they discuss the market and the road ahead.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Investor Camp: Dalal Street & the way ahead
Watch Investor Camp at Mumbai with CNBC-TV18's Udayan Mukherjee and Sonia Shenoy where they discuss the market and the road ahead.
Post your opinion here

Market still a buy on dips with stop loss at 8490: Sukhani08:00 am
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics says the fluctuations in the market will continue but it is still a buy on dips. He raises the Nifty stop loss to 8490 fron 8450 and suggests stepping aside if market breaks the support levels. 
Going ahead, Sukhani recommends taking trading risk for  HDFC Bank and Mahindra and Mahindra . He is bullish on  ALSTOM India and suggests buying the stock for positional trade rather than day trade.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Will the market start in the green?
A: The market will open in green if not for anything at least to wish TV18 a good birthday. The small fluctuations will continue but the trend has not changed.
Q: What is the trade today, all these days you have been saying stay long with a stop loss at about 8,450, you hold that today as well, buy the dip?
A: Yes, buy the dip. There is no confusion on that. It is just that stop loss can be raised because the market is now in a trading range for the last seven-eight days, so make it 8,490, tighten it up.
If the market break the support levels of the range then we will step aside, even the break of the support is not a short selling opportunity, it is just to say the trade did not work out but stay long and if you are not long then look to buy a dip or look to buy the open.
Q: You have a buy call on Bank of Baroda ?
A: I have only buy calls and that is reflecting the nature of this market. It is not a short sellers market. Bank of Baroda has made new highs for this uptrend on Friday.
On Friday, we saw a bit of subdued market action at the end, so it didn’t close at the highs but the very fact that it is going up, PSU banks are in good cheer, tells us that we should be looking to buy it today. The only way we will not buy that is falling immediately after opening otherwise I would be a buyer.
Q: How is the Bank Nifty looking to you?
A: The Bank Nifty is looking ripe for another rally. The rally may not have as much momentum as earlier. It cannot be possible but the trade still is to buy. For three days now the Bank Nifty has been relatively choppy.
I think that choppiness will slowly come to an end, so we position ourselves on the long side, our stops there are 18,300. Until that is hit, we look to buy.
Q: What are your views on HDFC Bank?
A: HDFC Bank has been in a narrow range and it did not participate in the rally in the last few days. So that narrow range will be resolved one way or the other, up or down.
If the market prices show any signs of positive impact, if it is in the plus versus Friday's close we want to buy it, it tells us that the narrow range is resolving on the upside. Normally big expansion comes.
HDFC Bank suggests that it is ready for that big expansion. The trend is up so it should be on the up only. It is worth taking a trade.
Q: You are also recommending a buy call on Mahindra and Mahindra (M&M). What would the targets be?
A: M&M is an underperforming stock in the auto sector. It went all the way to Rs 1,600; Rs 1,400 odd and has then come back to more than Rs 1,200.
There is a trading range developing at the current levels, the signs are that the trading range should break on the upside and so, we are buying dip.
We are buying in anticipation of a breakout on the upside because we are in a bull market, because we are buying a bluechip, it is a trade that is worth taking. There is minor risk that it may not breakout. This is not a dip but that risk is worth taking.
Q: ALSTOM India has seen a fairly strong rally?
A: Yes, it has seen a fairly strong rally. We have seen that this bull market starts rewarding stocks that go up. There is no resistance. Usually the market is rewarding and that is the nature of all strong market.
After a big rally ALSTOM went into a one month trading range and it is broken on the upside from that range and that tells us that there is more to come. This is not a day trading trade. It is more of a positional trade but there is no harm in taking the trade, staying there for few days or weeks.
Q: Are you recommending Ceat ?
A: Ceat has been in a minor correction after a stunning blazing rally. These minor corrections are those buy on dips opportunities that we talk about, so the dip may be over, it has come down to a support level and if that is the case, it could go to its earlier highs of Rs 960-970 and even make new highs. We have already seen what MRF has done. It is not comparable directly but it is a good trade.
Q:  ACC since October has been putting in higher lows?
A: That is true but it has not yet crossed the earlier highs. It is on the verge of doing so. It is a very nice chart, higher lows, a flat top and that tells us that a lot of accumulation is taking place.
Here is a stock that maybe beginning a new uptrend on a new cycle on the upside and that could be applicable to all cement stocks. ACC is a buying opportunity for the day and also for the short-term, for the intermediate term in all timeframes.
RELATED NEWS

Rupee slumps to 9 month low of 62.33. Lower levels aheadNew Member
3 Followers
with a whole lot of investments coming to India, i fail to understand just how can rupee go down, its all temporary it will go up soon back to Rs50/$ by 2020.
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
9.34 PM Dec 11th 2014

Is Bipasha responsible for Karan s divorceCelebrity
Bipasha Basu and Karan Singh Grover in 'Alone'
The recent poster of 'Alone' has already created a buzz around the sizzling chemistry around Bipasha Basu and Karan Singh Grover.
This will be the debut film of the TV actor Karan Singh Grover and he has already managed to garner a lot of attention already. However this is not the news currently that is grabbing eyeballs, it is ... more 
This will be the debut film of the TV actor Karan Singh Grover and he has already managed to garner a lot of attention already. However this is not the news currently that is grabbing eyeballs, it is the chemistry of the lead pair who seem to be in love and are mostly more than “just good friends”. less 
1 / 5

Panacea Bio up 13% on strategic alliance with Canadian coDec 12, 2014, 02.39 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Panacea Bio up 13% on strategic alliance with Canadian co
"Panacea will undertake product development and will manufacture and supply the products to Apotex, while Apotex will be responsible for regulatory affairs, Hatch Waxman litigation and commercialisation activities in the territories," said the company in its filing to the exchange.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Panacea Bio up 13% on strategic alliance with Canadian co
"Panacea will undertake product development and will manufacture and supply the products to Apotex, while Apotex will be responsible for regulatory affairs, Hatch Waxman litigation and commercialisation activities in the territories," said the company in its filing to the exchange.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Panacea Biotec climbed nearly 13 percent intraday Friday on signing strategic alliance with Apotex, the largest Canadian-owned pharmaceutical company.
The alliance is for research, development, license and supply of two drugs delivery based high barrier to entry generic products for US, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
"Panacea will undertake product development and will manufacture and supply the products to Apotex, while Apotex will be responsible for regulatory affairs, Hatch Waxman litigation and commercialisation activities in the territories," said the company in its filing to the exchange.
Panacea already had a strategic alliance with Apotex for a drug delivery based drug, which have now expanded by adding a second drug delivery. The company said both the products have been developed using Panacea's proprietary platform nanoparticle, liposomal and microparticle drug delivery systems.
The current sales of the innovator products are to the tune of about USD 1 billion.
"Coupled with Apotex's expertise in successfully commercialising such products makes this a highly synergistic collaboration," said Rajesh Jain, joint managing director, Panacea Biotec.
In addition to an upfront and milestone research fee payments from Apotex, Panacea will receive a share of the development cost and profit. This is after the commercialisation of the products will be shared at a pre-agreed ratio between both companies.
At 12:43 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 165.05, up Rs 10.80, or 7 percent amid huge volumes on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Sensex falls 251pts  Nifty ends below 8250; oil gas dragsDec 12, 2014, 03.41 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex falls 251pts, Nifty ends below 8250; oil & gas drags
The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices declined 0.5 percent each. About 1031 shares have advanced, 1716 shares declined, and 106 shares are unchanged on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex falls 251pts, Nifty ends below 8250; oil & gas drags
The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices declined 0.5 percent each. About 1031 shares have advanced, 1716 shares declined, and 106 shares are unchanged on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 pm Market close
The market ended lower dragged mostly by infra and oil & gas stocks. The Sensex ended down 251.33 points or 0.9 percent at 27350.68 and the Nifty was down 68.80 points or 0.8 percent at 8224.10.
About 931 shares advanced, 1982 shares declined and 102 shares were unchanged.
Maruti, Infosys, Sun Pharma, Bharti Airtel and HUL were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the gainers were GAIL, Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, ONGC and BHEL.
03:15 pm Recapitalisation for SpiceJet
Troubled airline SpiceJet is looking to seek time till January for recapitalisation plan, sources tell CNBC-TV18.
The company is expected to come up with a recapitalisation plan and submit it by December 15. The management is learnt to have met investors in the US and Middle East. However, the investors are said to be concerned about the regulatory hurdle and growth prospects in the aviation sector.
The promoters, Marans, are unwilling to sell their complete 53.4 percent stake. They are looking to raise at least Rs 1,200 crore via sale and in case an investor backs out, they have may pump in the additional capital themselves.
03:00pm IEA cuts 2015 oil demand estimates
International Energy Agency (IEA) has cut 2015 oil demand growth estimates by 2.3 lakh barrels oil per day (bpd) to 9 lakh bpd following sharp fall in crude oil prices. It is the fourth time cut in oil demand in last 5 months.
According to IEA, oil price rout will not hit production.
Brent crude hit a five-and-half-year low of USD 63 a barrel on a supply glut, down 1 percent compared to previous trading session and down 45 percent compared to USD 115 a barrel level in June.
Meanwhile, on December 10, Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) also had cut 2015 world oil demand growth forecast by 70,000 bpd to 1.12 million bpd.
Even it reduced forecast of 2015 demand for its crude by 280,000 bpd to 28.92 million bpd due to slower global demand and higher non-OPEC supply. However, it raised forecast for 2015 non-OPEC supply growth by 120,000 bpd to 1.36 million bpd.
OPEC said if current oil price fall continued over a longer period, that will impact non-OPEC supply in 2015.
Saudi Arabia told OPEC that it trimmed crude production in November by 80,000 bpd to 9.61 million bpd.
02:55pm Finance Minister says
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley says the government will introduce Goods & Services Tax bill in next session of parliament. "We will try to pass Insurance Amendment Bill next week. In fact, we are working overtime to push reforms in Insurance, Coal Bill," he adds.
India needs series of reforms for economic growth. He expects economy to grow 6-6.5 percent next fiscal (FY16).
02:45pm Market Check
Equity benchmarks slid further with the Sensex shedding 242.30 points to 27359.71 and the Nifty falling 64.45 points to 8228.45 due to profit booking in oil & gas, capital goods, metals, financials and auto stocks.
About 931 shares have advanced, 1878 shares declined, and 102 shares are unchanged.
02:35pm Pharma drugs
India has capped the prices of 52 more drugs, including painkillers and antibiotics, the pricing authority said in a notice.
The additional drugs join a list of nearly 400 essential medicines that have so far been placed under price control in India, where a majority of the people live on under USD 2 a day and health insurance is scarce.
The new drugs to come under price control include commonly-used antibiotics and painkillers as well as medicines used for treating cancer and skin disorders, a notice on the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) website said, reports Reuters.
02:25pm Watch out for CPI data
Kotak Mahindra Bank expects November CPI in the range of 4.2-4.3 percent as the “core hasn’t changed much in the downside” and October IIP at 1.5 percent. Both numbers will be announced later in the day today.
Inflation based on consumer price index (CPI) for November is expected to soften further led by favorable base. A CNBC-TV18 poll of analysts estimates the inflation to come in at 4.4 percent as against 5.5 percent on a month-on-month basis.
According to estimates, on a sectoral basis the biggest decline will be led by food, beverage and tobacco inflation, which constitute 50 percent of CPI. Even fuel inflation is expected to continue softening.
Meanwhile, the index for industrial output (IIP) for the month of October is seen at 2.1 percent against 2.5 percent on a month-on-month basis.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Indranil Pan, Chief Economist at Kotak Mahindra Bank, said he sees a rate cut from RBI in Q1CY15 and expects rupee to touch 63 against dollar by March-end.
02:00pm Market Check
The market extended fall in afternoon trade with the Sensex losing 158.69 points to 27443.32 and the Nifty slipping 42.10 points to 8250.80 weighed by profit booking in oil & gas, capital goods, banking & financials and metals stocks.
This has turned out to be a week of profit booking with the Nifty shedding 3.5 percent for the week at current reckoning.
The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices declined 0.5 percent each. About 1031 shares have advanced, 1716 shares declined, and 106 shares are unchanged on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
 
Raamdeo Agarwal of Motilal Oswal says the Indian markets have risen 100 times in the last 30 years and there is nothing stopping India from seeing exponential growth in the next 25 years. He advises holding onto quality names as quality and growth together will lead to exponential gains.
Gail topped the selling list in the Sensex, falling nearly 6 percent on slump in crude oil prices. Shares of TCS, Reliance Industries, ONGC, HDFC, Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, BHEL, Hindalco, M&M and Axis Bank declined 1-3 percent. However, Infosys, Sun Pharma, Bharti Airtel, HUL, ITC, Maruti, Hero Motocorp and Coal India gained 0.2-1.3 percent.
Global markets are a mixed bag today. European markets like CAC and DAX fell more than 1 percent while in the commodity space, Brent crude hit a five-and-half-year low of USD 63 a barrel on a supply glut. The sentiment was dampened in Asia after Chinese industrial output hit 3-month low of 7.2 percent.
Meanwhile, the government sources indicated most issues with regard to Goods and Service Tax (GST) is likely to be resolved within a week. Expectations are that GST Constitutional Amedment Bill could be tabled in the winter session of the parliament.
13:00

Gold price recovers Rs 27 310 on scattered buying; silver endshigherCommodities see longest losing streak in 23 years
Gold prices today recovered marginally by Rs 10 to Rs 27,310 per ten grams at the bullion market in the national capital on wedding season demand from jewellers even as the metal weakened overseas.
Silver rebounded by Rs 360 to Rs 38,560 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said fresh buying by retailers and jewellers for the ongoing wedding season, helped gold prices to recover.
They said, however, weak global trend as declining oil prices and prospects for higher US interest rates, restricted the rise.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, traded lower by 0.8 per cent to USD 1,217.50 an ounce and silver by 0.5 per cent to USD 17.01 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity inched up by Rs 10 each to Rs 27,310 and Rs 27,110 per ten gram respectively. The precious metal had lost Rs 170 yesterday.
Sovereign, however, moved in a narrow range in scattered deals and settled at previous level of Rs 23,800 per piece of eight gram.
Silver ready recovered by Rs 360 to Rs 38,560 per kg but weekly-based delivery fell by Rs 330 to Rs 38,200 per kg on lack of speculators’ buying.
Silver coins, however, continued to be asked at last level of Rs 63,000 for buying and Rs 64,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Post Comments
More from commodities

November retail inflation at record low of 4.38 per centDec 12, 2014 at 05:59pm IST
November retail inflation at record low of 4.38 per cent
17
0
New Delhi: India's annual consumer price inflation eased for a fourth straight month in November to 4.38 per cent, its lowest level since the government started releasing the data in 2012, government data showed on Friday.
The latest number was lower than a poll forecast of 4.50 per cent and October's 5.52 per cent print.
Consumer food price inflation, under a new series published by the government, eased to 3.14 per cent in November from 5.59 per cent in October.
The latest number was lower than a poll forecast of 4.50 per cent and October's 5.52 per cent print.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

US and Europe stocks lower as oil slidesUS and Europe stocks lower as oil slides
Jamie Chisholm, Global Markets Commentator
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8b8b5166-81b0-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CEO of Life: I took the road less travelled  says BookMyShow s CEOFour Pakistan Rangers killed in retaliatory fire by BSF along International Border in Jammu
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Britains MI6 helps India home in on Mehdiarrest
Traced through mobile number after second interview to Channel 4
A globally coordinated effort with British and Indian intelligence agencies coming together with Bangalore City Police led to the swift arrest of 24-year-old Mehdi Masroor Biswas, the alleged owner of the pro-IS Twitter account @ShamiWitness early on Saturday.
Biswas, an engineering graduate from Kolkata and working as a manufacturing executive at ITC Foods in the city since 2012, was picked up from his one-room flat at Jalahalli in the city’s north-eastern part. The arrest came just hours after he established contact on his mobile phone with Channel 4 representatives for the second time.
Sources say all telephone call traffic between Bengaluru and London was being monitored since Friday, after Channel 4 broadcast the first interview that unmasked his identity. Officials said the operation had MI6, the British intelligence agency, passing information to their Indian counterparts. A Bengaluru Police official said that once they had Mehdi’s mobile number, it was easy to track him down.
The police have now booked cases against Mehdi under Section 125 of Indian Penal Code for waging war against an Asian power that is in alliance with India (in this case Syria), Sections 18 and 39 of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act, 2012, and Section 66-F of the Information Technology Act for cyber terrorism. At a press conference on Saturday, Police Commissioner M.N. Reddi said: “Through his social media propaganda, he abetted IS in its agenda to wage war against Asian powers.”
Video: Experts say arrest a wake-up call
Video: Politicos react to the arrest
Tracing @ShamiWitness
Britain’s MI6 helps India home in on Mehdi
A globally coordinated effort with British and Indian intelligence agencies coming together with Bangalore City Police led to the swift arrest of 24-year-old Mehdi Masroor Biswas, the alleged owner of the pro-IS Twitter account @ShamiWitness Read here
Mehdi was under surveillance for long
The National Investigation Agency (NIA), which has been closely watching the developments in the case, rendered assistance to the Bengaluru police in guiding their probe and lodging of the FIR against the 24-year-old techie. Read here
Mehdi reigned in the virtual world: police
Police Commissioner M. N. Reddi said though most of the tweets from arrested Bangalore techie Mehdi Biswas were translations of Arabic tweets and re-tweets, he also had tweeted his radical opinions which he described as ‘instigating’. Read here
A studious boy who did not mix with people
Mehdi, a graduate of electrical engineering, had gone to Bengaluru in 2012 after he was offered a job with ITC after a campus recruitment process. Read here
All attention on Jalahalli bylane
t is the place where Mehdi Masroor Biswas, handler of pro-Islamic State Twitter account @ShamiWitness lived. Read here
He wanted to be an ideologue
Though Mehdi Masroor Biswas in his interview to Channel 4, claimed that he wanted to be there with the IS fighters at the frontline, a senior official who interrogated him said that he was not excited by being a mere foot soldier but aimed high — to be an ideologue high up in the value chain of the movement. Read here
Father had not heard of IS
"My son said that his internet account is hacked. I don’t believe that my son has any link with ISIS," M. Biswas, father of Mehdi Masroor Biswas, said in Kolkata. Read here

Akshay Kumar introduces his  Baby  character onlineBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 14, 2014 9:32 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 9:47 am
Actor Akshay Kumar took to micro-blogging website Twitter to unveil a glimpse of his role from his upcoming movie ‘Baby’. The actor also said that all the developments and scoops from the movie will reach his fans on the social networking platform first.
On Saturday he tweeted:
— Akshay Kumar (@akshaykumar) December 13, 2014
In the clip, the 47-year-old, who is known for his daredevil stunts, is seen running after villains, jumping off cliffs and doing some great action moves the ‘Khiladi’ style.
‘Baby’ will see Akshay play Ajay Singh Rajput, an officer on a mission to bust terrorists’ plan.
Akshay was so moved by the response to the film’s trailer that he vowed to keep his Twitter fans posted about the movie.
“Your love and reactions to the #BabyTrailer have won me over! From today, you will see everything on @Babythefilm before the world does,” he wrote.
Previously, the actor had shared a teaser of Neeraj Pandey’s directorial, which is set to hit the theatres Jan 23, 2015, on the social media.
The film also stars Rana Daggubati, Danny Denzongpa and Anupam Kher.

Sameera Reddy s HOTTEST photos on the netPhoto uploaded by Khalid Aamir
on Jun 24, 2013 , 11:26 am
9428 Views  |  11  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Sameera reddy has scorched the scenes in not only Hindi films but in  Telugu, Bengali, Malayalam and Kannada! Image Source: Procured via Google Search.
Sameera reddy has scorched the scenes in not only Hindi films but in  Telugu, Bengali, Malayalam and Kannada! Image Source: Procured via Google Search.

CRICKET trivia & FACTS you ve never heard of!Photo uploaded by Samira Kapoor
on Dec 12, 2014 , 12:02 pm
3012 Views  |  12  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Sudhir Naik: On the 1974 tour to England, Indian opener, Sudhir Naik was accused of stealing a pair of socks from Marks & Spencers. Courtesy: Procured via google search
Sudhir Naik: On the 1974 tour to England, Indian opener, Sudhir Naik was accused of stealing a pair of socks from Marks & Spencers. Courtesy: Procured via google search

J&K polls: Fourth phase records 49 pc polling  only 16 pc Kashmiri Pandit exercise their franchise11
1
Srinagar: Rejecting election boycott call given by separatists and spurt in terror attacks, fourth phase of the five-phased Legislative Assembly elections in 18 constituencies of Jammu and Kashmir recorded a good voter turnout. Several seats, including Amriakadal which witnessed an increase of over 10 per cent against 2008, recorded a remarkable voter turnout. However, only 16 per cent Kashmiri Pandits exercise their franchise.
Besides taking into preventive custody all separatist leaders and over 600 known trouble makers and former militants and supporters of boycott call, unprecedented security arrangements ensured that voting was by and large peaceful with more that 49 per cent of the eligible electorate coming out to press the EVM buttons in 18 Assembly constituencies.
However, minor incidents of clashes were reported between supporters of rival political parties at some places while two BJP candidates Javed Ahmad Qadri (Shopian) and Hina Bhat (Amira Kadal) were in the limelight for allegedly creating ruckus in polling booths in their respective constituencies.
The voting percentage of the fourth phase was less than the previous three.
#jammu and kasmir assembly elections 2014 #ground report #kashmiri pandits #omar abdullah
Chief Electoral Officer Umang Narula said about 49 per cent voters exercised their right to franchise in the fourth phase of Assembly elections across 18 Assembly constituencies of four districts in the state including Srinagar, Anantnag, Shopian and Samba.
He said that Srinagar district recorded 28 per cent polling while 61 per cent exercised their franchise in Anantnag. In Shopian district, 50 per cent polling was recorded while in Samba district 81 per cent voter turnout was witnessed.
Even though the voting percentage of the fourth phase was less than the previous three, but if compared to 2008 Assembly elections, the voter turnout was remarkably high, especially Habbakadal constituency, which in 2008 Assembly elections recorded just 11.62 per cent polling, witnessed an increase of over 10 per cent in the voter turnout. The constituency witnessed a voter turnout of 21.87 per cent.
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), which is trying to make an inroad into Kashmir valley to accomplish its 'Mission 44-plus', is eying Habbakadal seat as more than 15,000 Kashmiri Pandit votes are registered in the constituency. However, there are two other Kashmiri Pandits who are contesting from this seat.
Raman Mattoo, an independent candidate who won the elections in 2002 is considered as a pro-community leader after he took many welfare steps as a minister in Congress-led PDP coalition government. But Mattoo lost the 2008 Assembly elections to National Conference (NC) leader Shamima Firfous, who is seeking re-election for the second time.
Another Kashmiri Pandit candidate in the fray from the constituency is Lok Jan Shakti Party (LJSP) leader Sanjay Saraf, who in the last election was second runner-up with 8 per cent vote share.
Sonwar constituency, which in the last election recorded 39.61 per cent, witnessed a voter turnout of 44.17 per cent. Sonwar is a high profile constituency as Chief Minister and NC working president is trying his luck from this constituency.
Omar, who decided to quit his family political bastion Ganderbal 'fearing a rout' from the seat, will contest from Sonawar constituency. The NC working president is up against BJP candidate Darakshan Andrabi, but many believe it is a straight contest between Omar and PDP candidate Ashraf Mir. Omar is also trying his luck from Beerwah, which went to polls in the third phase on December 9.
However, Anantnag constituency, which in the last Assembly election recorded 41.33 per cent, witnessed a decline of around 4 per cent. Only 38.67 per cent voter came out to exercise their franchise. It is another high profile constituency as PDP patron and former chief minister Mufti Mohammad Sayeed is seeking re-election from Anantnag.
NC's desire to bag this seat was hit after its candidate and senior leader Mehboob Beg withdrew from the contest and offered unconditional support to the PDP patron.
Meanwhile, Zadibal constituency, which in the last election recorded 17.30 per cent polling, witnessed a voter turnout of 23.56 per cent. Even though BJP is counting on Shia votebank to bag Zadibal seat from where they have fielded Neelam Gash, who belongs to the Shia community, the sitting MLA and NC candidate Peer Aafaq Ahmad has a strong following from in this constituency.
Amriakadal constituency witnessed an increase of over 10 per cent in the polling percentage as compared to 2008 Assembly elections. Against 14.98 per cent polling in the last election, Amriakadal seat witnessed a voter turnout of 24.81 per cent. Even though BJP has fielded a candidate Hina Bhat, the main contest is between NC and PDP.
Chief Electoral Officer Narula said Khanyar constituency, which in 2008 elections witnessed a voter turnout of 17.41 per cent, recorded 26.12 per cent polling.
NC veteran and Rural Development Minister Ali Mohammad Sagar is seeking re-election for the sixth time from Khanyar constituency. Sagar is up against former trade union leader and PDP candidate Khursheed Alam. Despite the facts that Sagar has not lost this seat since 1983, it will be an uphill task for him to retain this seat this time following anger against NC government among the people.
Narula said out of 31000 migrant votes, only 5169 voters were polled in all the eight constituencies of the Srinagar district.
Hazratbal constituency recorded 29.36 per cent polling, Eidgah constituency saw a voter turnout of 27.79 per cent, while 24.34 per cent voters came out to exercise their franchise in Batamaloo seat. He said Dooru constituency witnessed 63.94 per cent polling, Kokernag seat recorded 64.90 per cent voter turnout while 67.27 per cent voters came out in Shangus constituency.
As many as 68.53 per cent voters came out to exercise their franchise in Pahalgam constituency while Bijbehara seat saw 53.87 per cent polling.
Meanwhile in two Assembly constituencies of Shopian district - Wachi Assembly constituency recorded 42.66 per cent polling and Shopian Assembly constituency recorded 52.06 per cent voter turnout.
Besides, in two Assembly constituencies of Samba district, Samba (SC) recorded 77 per cent and Vijaypur recorded 81.31 per cent voter turnout.
The Chief Electoral Officer said 18 Assembly constituencies of the state that went to polls today were spread over four districts for which as many as 1890 polling stations were set up.
The CEO also gave out that 182 candidates were in the fray for these 18 Assembly constituencies which comprised 14,73,050 electors including 767471 male and 705559 female voters besides 20 third gender voters
Web casting was done in 155 Polling Stations while as at 48 polling stations digital and at 82 polling stations video cameras were installed to ensure free, fair and smooth conduct of polls, he added.
Narula said that 18 General Observers, 06 Expenditure Observers, 03 Police Observers, 02 Awareness Observer besides 384 micro observers and about 8000 poll officials were deployed for the smooth conduct of polls.
He said elaborate arrangements were made to facilitate voters to exercise their right to franchise in a free and fair atmosphere adding that the polling percentage may increase after consolidation of figures.
6

Delhi Police to use DRDO Netra for street surveillanceDec 15, 2014 at 08:46am IST
Delhi Police to use DRDO Netra for street surveillance
80
1
New Delhi: Netra, the light weight UAV fitted with night vision cameras, will be used by Delhi Police to patrol the streets of the national capital. The device has already been used by security agencies like BSF, CRPF for counter-insurgency activities while NDRF used it to search for survivors during the Uttarakhand flash floods that took place in 2013.
The UAV, jointly developed by the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO)) and IdeaForge, a Mumbai-based private firm, had also appeared in the Amir Khan-starrer '3 Idiots'. "We would in all probability use Netra. We have asked its developers to tweak a few things as per our needs," said a senior police official.
"The model currently available is quite costly as it has Kevlar (an armour), which we don't need here in urban landscape. Secondly, wind shear and all weather IBM toughpad are not exactly our requrement. So if these can be dropped and cost comes down, it would suit our needs," he added.
The UAV, jointly developed by DRDO and IdeaForge had also appeared in the Amir Khan-starrer '3 Idiots'.
#netra #uav #delhi police #bsf
Delhi Police is soon going to use these drones to patrol dark stretches and crime-prone areas. The project will be launched in north district area by next month. Incidentally, the Uber rape case took place in the same area last Friday.
"With this project, North Delhi will become the first district with complete camera surveillance in Delhi. This would be achieved with the combined range of CCTVs and drones. The only areas which will be kept out of it will be the LG House, Delhi Assembly and Metcalfe House," the official said.
Every drone will fly at a height of approximately 200 metres and will cover a hexagonal grid area of three to four kilometres. Technologically it will be ensured that the area covered by two drones does not overlap. "We can further enhance its capabilities by linking each drone to a Quick Response Teams (QRT).
The video can be streamed to the QRT vehicle which will monitor it in real time and respond quickly if it sees something wrong," he said.
12

Won t allow mass conversion in Aligarh under any circumstance: Police46
0
Aligarh: The proposed mass conversion scheduled to be held on December 25 will not be allowed under "any circumstance" and prohibitory orders under Section 144 of CrPC have been clamped in the city, a senior police official said on Sunday.
"Under no circumstances will we allow the proposed mass conversation programme slated for December 25," DIG of Aligarh Zone Amit Agarwal said. He said, "The so-called 'ghar waapsi' programme organised by the Dharam Jagran Samiti can become a law and order issue for the state and irrespective of the finer details of this event it cannot be allowed to be held."
Agarwal said that prohibitory orders under Section 144 of the CrPC have been clamped in the city. Taking note of the outfit's plan to "convert a large number of people" on December 25, the district authorities had last week issued a warning to those trying to disturb communal amity and asked citizens not to get provoked.
The police said that prohibitory orders under Section 144 of CrPC have been clamped ahead of the proposed mass conversion in Aligarh.
#mass conversion #conversion row #aligarh #akhilesh yadav
"Religious conversion is a matter of personal choice and the law permits it. However, if certain groups deliberately try to provoke communal sentiments by misusing this provision, then we will certainly not allow this to take place," District Magistrate Abhishek Prakash had said on Friday.
Leaders of the Aligarh-based outfit have announced that they will conduct a mass conversion ceremony at a local college here on December 25. Amid row over alleged forced reconversion in Agra, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav had last week said his government had ordered strict action against those responsible for the act.
"I have ordered strict action on the issue as it came to light. The local administration is also identifying those involved in the act and taking action against them," Yadav had said.
3

NIA officials interrogate parents of IS Twitter account handlerDec 14, 2014 at 11:55pm IST
NIA officials interrogate parents of IS Twitter account handler
10
0
Kolkata: Officials of the National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Sunday interrogated the parents of Mehdi Masroor Biswas, the alleged handler of the pro-Islamic State (IS) Twitter account, who was recently arrested in Bengaluru.
Family sources said that the NIA officials went to the resident of Masroor in the city and interrogated his parents. NIA officials, however, could not be contacted.
Karnataka Director General of Police L Pachau earlier in the day told reporters in Bengaluru that Masroor had 'confessed' that he was handling the pro-jihad Twitter handle '@ShamiWitness' and he was particularly close to English-speaking ISIS terrorists.
Family sources said that the NIA officials went to the resident of Masroor in the city and interrogated his parents.

Australian PM: Motivation Unknown But  Indications  Hostage Taking Could Be Political"The first thing we will do is make sure they are OK and then we will work with these people to find out some more information,” Burn said. “Our No. 1 aim is to resolve this incident peacefully."
Police negotiators are in contact with the armed hostage-taker, but the motive remains unclear, Burn said.
Earlier in the day, video emerged showing people being held inside the shop with their hands held in the air. Two women were also seen inside the cafe holding up what appeared to be a black flag with white Arabic writing on it.
New South Wales Police Commissioner Andrew Scipione said there is at least one armed person holding an undisclosed number of hostages in the cafe. Police have not yet had contact with the hostage taker, he said, adding that the situation began Monday at 9:45 a.m. local time.
In a statement on Facebook, Lindt said, "We would like to thank everyone for their thoughts and kind support over the current situation at the Lindt Chocolate Café at Martin Place. We are deeply concerned over this serious incident and our thoughts and prayers are with the staff and customers involved and all their friends and families. The matter is being dealt with by the authorities and we are waiting for any updates from them."
Daniel Munoz/Fairfax Media via Getty Images
PHOTO: Police officers chat on the scene of the siege at Lindt Cafe in Martin Place on Dec. 15, 2014 in Sydney, Australia.
They are also looking at the flag the hostages have been pictured holding. Scipione also said police have not yet confirmed it is a terrorism event, but they are acting in a manner consistent with a terror attack.
"We don't yet know the motivation of the perpetrator," Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said at a news conference earlier in the day.
"We don't know that this is politically motivated although there is some indications that it could be. We have to appreciate that even in a society such as ours, there are people who would wish to do us harm."
Don Arnold/Getty Images
PHOTO: Girls rush through Philip Street past armed police at a cafe on Dec. 15, 2014 in Sydney, Australia.
Several nearby offices were evacuated as a precaution, police said. People in buildings in the neighboring streets were directed to remain indoors and stay away from open windows.
"There's a real sense of alertness, awareness, and a bit of shock to be honest," said Lisa Martin, who works in an office nearby the cafe and was in lockdown.
"To know that there are so many people just having coffee and a chocolate are now in a hostage situation is really sobering."
Peter Parks/AFP/Getty Images
PHOTO: Armed police are seen outside a cafe in the central business district of Sydney on Dec. 15, 2014.
Earlier, video that aired on Channel 9 Australia showed police with weapons drawn, their attention focused on the cafe. Police said emergency services had responded and streets around the area had been closed.
"New South Wales Police and the Australian Federal Police are currently responding to a reported hostage-taking incident in Martin Place in Sydney," Abbott said.
He said the National Security Committee of Cabinet has convened for briefings on the situation.
"This is obviously a deeply concerning incident but all Australians should be reassured that our law enforcement and security agencies are well trained and equipped and are responding in a thorough and professional manner," he said.
Get real-time updates as this story unfolds. To start, just "star" this story in ABC News' phone app. Download ABC News for iPhone here or ABC News for Android here . To be notified about our live weekend digital reports, tap here.
Join the Discussion

Sydney LIVE: Terror attack in Sydneys Lindt cafe; possibility of more than 1 gunmaninside— 7 News Sydney (@7NewsSydney) December 15, 2014
Vic Premier @DanielAndrewsMP says stronger police presence in public areas in Melbourne and across the state in response to #sydneysiege .
— 7 News Sydney (@7NewsSydney) December 15, 2014
We would like to thank everyone for their thoughts and kind support over the current situation at the Lindt… http://t.co/RXIegTKaUC
— Lindt Chocolate Cafe (@LindtCafeAus) December 15, 2014
The incident in Sydney is disturbing. Such acts are inhuman & deeply unfortunate. I pray for everyone’s safety.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 15, 2014
Motorists advised 2 avoid CBD due 2 police operation at #MartinPlace . Road closures in place with buses being diverted. — Live Traffic Sydney (@LiveTrafficSyd) December 15, 2014
Sydney siege press conference with Deputy Commissioner Tim Cartwright and Premier @DanielAndrewsMP starts now http://t.co/HTU62UmlgJ
— Victoria Police (@VictoriaPolice) December 15, 2014
Scipione: ‘We have not yet confirmed this is a terror-related event’ #MartinPlaceSiege #sydneysiege
— 7 News Sydney (@7NewsSydney) December 15, 2014
Police commissioner Andrew Scipione will not confirm the number of hostages or if the gunman is working with or for a terrorist organization
Scipione: ‘It’s a flag that we’ve had people looking at. We’re working with partner agencies to better determine what we’re dealing with.’
— 7 News Sydney (@7NewsSydney) December 15, 2014
Commissioner Scipione: “There are well trained officers on the job who I’m sure will bring this to a peaceful resolution.” #MartinPlace
— NSW Police (@nswpolice) December 15, 2014
Commissioner Scipione: “We’re looking at a range of calls (about devices around CBD). Everything has proven negative so far.” #MartinPlace
— NSW Police (@nswpolice) December 15, 2014
Commissioner Scipione: “My advice is we haven’t had contact with the armed offender at this stage.” #MartinPlace
Victoria Police is not aware of any specific threats made within Victoria at this point in time. (1/2)
— Victoria Police (@VictoriaPolice) December 15, 2014
Victoria Police will continue to liaise with our interstate and federal counterparts as the incident unfolds. (2/2)
— NSW Police (@nswpolice) December 15, 2014
SYDNEY TRAFFIC UPDATE: The Cahill Expressway, York St and Harbour St are closed. Cars are advised to avoid driving in the CBD. @Y7News
— 7 News Sydney (@7NewsSydney) December 15, 2014
Statement from @nswpolice on hostage situation in Sydney, Australia http://t.co/KXvyYpaQ0N pic.twitter.com/mdgBwSZl9Y
— Anthony De Rosa (@AntDeRosa) December 15, 2014
Sydney is a ghost town. Empty main thoroughfare George St #siege … @freelancer offices 5 blocks from crisis centre pic.twitter.com/JUgZ0JSvzC — SydStart (@sydstart) December 15, 2014
Photo circulating of arrest of man near #MartinPlace is NOT related to the police operation.
— NSW Police (@nswpolice) December 15, 2014
Opera House completely evacuated pic.twitter.com/qipd0ihMH8
— Mark Serrels (@Serrels) December 14, 2014
Australian PM Abbott: Motivation of perpetrator in Sydney hostage situation is not yet known – @9NewsAUS pic.twitter.com/SI01B997xf
— ABC News (@ABC) December 15, 2014
This image taken from video shows people against shop windows holding up hands inside a cafe in Sydney, Australia Monday, Dec. 15, 2014. An apparent hostage situation was unfolding inside the chocolate shop and cafe in Australia’s largest city on Monday, where several people could be seen through a window with their hands held in the air. (AP Photo/Channel 7 via AP Video)
Abbott said the National Security Committee of Cabinet met to be briefed on the situation.
“The whole point of politically motivated violence is to scare people out of being themselves,” Abbott said. “Australia is a peaceful, open and generous society — nothing should ever change that. And that’s why I would urge all Australians today to go about their business as usual.”
The cafe is located in Martin Place, a plaza in the heart of the city’s financial and shopping district that is packed with holiday shoppers this time of year. It is home to the state premier’s office, the Reserve Bank of Australia, and the headquarters of two of the nation’s largest banks. The state parliament house is a few blocks away.
Police stand at the ready close to a cafe under siege in Martin Place in the central business district of Sydney. (Source: AP)
TV footage showed two people inside the cafe holding up what appeared to be a black flag with white Arabic writing on it.
BREAKING NEWS: All Qantas flights are diverting around Sydney CBD but are operating as per schedule at this stage — Qantas (@Qantas) December 15, 2014
Zain Ali, the head of the Islamic Studies Research Unit at the University of Auckland, said it was difficult to read the message because media images showed only the lower part of the flag. But he believed it was the Shahada, or declaration of faith, largely because a black flag with white writing in a contemporary context often contains that message. He said he could make out the word “Muhammad.”
Buses travelling citybound across #AnzacBridge are now operating to Circular Quay. — 131500 buses (@131500buses) December 15, 2014
Ali said the Shahada translates as “There is no deity of worship except God (Allah), and Muhammad is the messenger of God.” It is considered the first pillar of Islam’s five pillars of faith, and has been used by groups like al-Qaida and Islamic State but wasn’t invented by them, Ali said. A police spokeswoman said no injuries had been reported from the incident. Heavily armed officers were lined up outside the cafe, and a man with a backpack inside the cafe could be seen walking back and forth in front of the glass doors.
The cafe is located in Martin Place, a plaza in the heart of the city’s financial and shopping district that is packed with holiday shoppers this time of year. It is home to the state premier’s office, the Reserve Bank of Australia, and the headquarters of two of the nation’s largest banks. The state parliament house is a few blocks away. Streets in the area were closed, offices evacuated and the public told to stay away.
(with agency inputs)

Lima climate deal: Hits andmissesDelegates at the climate change conference in Lima. (AP)
Posted: December 15, 2014 6:28 am
After lengthy negotiations, more than 190 countries at the climate conference in Lima agreed on a minimalist text. A look at what was achieved, and what was not.
What should count as ‘contributions’ in INDCs
Countries’ position
Only mitigation actions, say developed countries. Developing countries demand the full range – adaptation, technology transfer, finance, capacity building
Outcome
No decision. Says all of these “shall” be addressed “in a balanced manner” by the agreement to be arrived at in Paris
Climate finance
Countries’ position
Developing Countries want the developed world to provide money to the poorer and vulnerable countries to adjust to climate change
Outcome
No mention of this provision
Assessment of INDCs
India, US and many others not in favour of any assessment, EU strongly favours it
Outcome
Only a “synthesis report” on the aggregate effect of INDCs to be prepared
CBDR
Developing countries strongly in favour of differentiation
Outcome
Finds an explicit mention but with the caveat that this should be done “in light of different national circumstances”
Loss and damages
Countries’ position
Developing countries want support for loss and damages arising out of any event attributable to climate change
Outcome
Not there in earlier texts but included in final outcome in the preamble
Pre-2020 emission reduction
Countries’ position
Developing countries want the rich nations to enhance their emission reduction targets in the period before 2020
Outcome
“Reiterates its resolve” to enhance ambition
“This is not the best text that we could have had. But it is certainly the best that we could have secured in the circumstances.”-Prakash Javadekar, Environment Minister
“Although the EU wanted a more ambitious outcome from Lima, we believe that we are on track to agree a global deal in Paris next year.”-Miguel Arias Canete, EU Commissioner for Climate Action and Energy

City records 11mm rainfall  two flights cancelled  train serviceshitBy: Express News Service | Chandigarh |
Posted: December 15, 2014 5:27 am
After two days of rain, the city will get a reprieve on Monday, but the sky will remain overcast. However, Tuesday will be sunny.
The rain brought a sudden chill, plunging the maximum temperature from 22.3 degree Celsius on Friday to 14.7 degree Celsius on Sunday, which was 7 degree below normal.
The nights have, however, got warmer. The minimum temperature rose from 6.2 degree Celsius on Friday to 10.6 Celsius on Sunday, which was 4 degrees above normal.
On Sunday, the city got 11mm rainfall between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm.
Surender Paul, director of Meteorological Department, said that western disturbances had caused the showers. On Monday, the weather will remain cloudy, but there is no possibility of rain. But a spell of sunny days will begin on Tuesday, and shallow fog is expected later next week. In the next three days, the maximum temperature is expected around 20 degree Celsius while the minimum will take a fall at around 7 degrees celsius.
The weather affected the air and train services.
The Howrah-Kalka mail was delayed by four hours and 20 minutes and arrived at 7.20 am. The Allahabad- Chandigarh Unachahar Express arrived 55 minutes late at 10.20 am. The Lucknow-Chandigarh Sadhbhavna Express arrived two hours and 15 minutes late at 12.25 pm. The Lucknow-Chandigarh Express arrived an hour and 27 minutes late at 4.17 pm.
Two flights, scheduled for New Delhi, were cancelled.
The cancelled flights included JetAirways flight 9W-7179/25 that arrives at 7.35 am and departs Chandigarh at 8.05 am.
Fearing operational hazards and due to low visibility and inclement weather during winter, Jet Airways has decided to cancel this flight from December 16 till January 31. All tickets booked by passengers in advance for this period will be refunded.
A SpiceJet flight SG-2116 on the same route was postponed by 30 minutes and departed at 7.10 pm instead of 6.40 pm.
Spicejet flight SG 2113/2112 that arrives at 9.15 am and departs at 9.45 am was cancelled. With effect from December 15, the timings of the flight have been revised and it will now depart at 12.45 am instead of 9.45 am and would not be plying on Sunday. An official spokesperson said passengers who had booked advance tickets will be refunded.

2 new Russian reactors for Kudankulam to cost double  most expensiven-plantsWritten by Anil Sasi | New Delhi |
Posted: December 15, 2014 5:22 am
The first set of twin reactors that are part of the 12 reactor units that Russia has undertaken to supply to India will be the most expensive nuclear power units to be set up in the country so far.
The two new Russian-design VVER-1000 reactor units (KKNPP 3 & 4) to be set up in Tamil Nadu, which would come up at the Kudankulam site where two identical units (KKNPP 1 & 2) are nearing commissioning, entail a sanctioned project cost of
Rs 39,849 crore. This would translate into a cost of nearly Rs 20 crore per MWe (mega watt electric) as against the established benchmark of project cost of Rs 7-10 crore per MWe for existing nuclear projects based largely on the indigenous PHWR (pressurised heavy water reactor) technology.
The comparative cost of setting up a supercritical-technology based thermal power project is around Rs 6 crore per mega watt. The final cost of the new Russian LWR (light water reactor) units, for which state-owned Nuclear Power Corp (NPCIL) is in negotiations with Russian reactor vendor Atomstroyexport, could go up further, depending on the resolution of the uncertainties over the Civil Liability Nuclear Damage Act, 2010.
The government has taken up the matter of developing an appropriate insurance product to cover the liability under the provisions of the Act, which was enacted with the aim of tying down foreign suppliers to a liability regime but is now being perceived as having created unlimited liability — both in time and costs — for vendors.
The contentious clauses in the law include 17 (b) ,which says the operator (NPCIL) has the right to recourse against suppliers in case of a nuclear accident, and clause 46, which says the suppliers can be sued under any other Indian law as well as by citizens at large.
According to official sources privy to the discussions on the nuclear collaboration in the run-up to Russian President Vladimir Putin’s visit, the Russian side has indicated that its state-owned nuclear utility Rosatom is open to shortlisting three-four Indian equipment vendors for future nuclear power projects being jointly planned in India.
The focus is on moving to a serial construction model, starting with localising mechanical engineering production to produce components and equipment in India in order to avoid time and cost overruns, as experienced with the first couple of units of the Kudankulam project.
At the Kudankulam site, where the two Russian-designed VVER-1000 series reactors are being installed, 100 Russian companies and organisations are involved in documentation, supply of equipment and controlling construction and equipping process.
This has been cited as one of the reasons for the delays and localisation is being considered for quicker project execution at cheaper costs.
While the Indian nuclear liability legislation had been seen as a stumbling block for the negotiations for new project sites, the “roadmap” for development of cooperation in the area of civilian nuclear energy signed by India and Russia envisages at least one more site to be earmarked for the Russians, where a minimum of six units could be built. continued…

PU V-C proposes to re-start 100-bed dental hospitalprojectWritten by Ifrah Mufti | Chandigarh |
Posted: December 15, 2014 5:18 am
 
Two months after the Panjab University Syndicate had scrapped the idea of developing a 100-bed hospital under Dr Harvansh Singh Judge Institute of Dental Sciences, Vice-Chancellor Arun Kumar Grover on Sunday proposed to revive it with the help of the Chandigarh Administration.
At a Senate meeting, Grover said he would ask the local MP to push this project “as soon as possible’’.
In September, a special committee was formed to review the project. But it failed to submit a report at the Syndicate meeting held in October where the decision was taken to scrap the project. Now the same committee has recommended that the university should have its own dental hospital.
Dr Krishan Gauba, Dean of Faculty of Sciences and former director principal of the institute, said that students of dental sciences had never seen an operation theatre, and no practical training was being given to the final year students.
“We are not here to produce theoretical doctors. If there is no practical training available, it is a serious matter. The training to dental students at PU is not up to the mark and another major issue is that our institute cannot conduct any dental surgery due to a lack of infrastructure and equipment,” said Dr Gauba.
He added, “This hospital is needed not only for the university but for the entire city, and when the UT Administration is ready to assist us financially then why did we refuse to take the help and, instead, abandoned the project?”
To this, the V-C said, “The project was never abandoned but was halted. This issue has been going on for long. My suggestion is to involve the UT Administration because the project will benefit the city. We had got estimates from the PGI and around Rs 200 crore was needed just for the hospital building and infrastructure, besides doctors, technicians, and the resources required to provide facilities for 24×7, 365 days.”
The V-C added that nobody from the university made a detailed analysis of the funds we would need and no agency came forward to help the university. “Now we shall take this to the local MP,’’ he said.
The foundation of the hospital was laid in the year 2008 and it was to be given to Dr Harvansh Singh Judge Institute of Dental Sciences to start post-graduate classes. Recently, the university introduced the MDS course in collaboration with the GMCH-32, which could provide the practical training to students. But the professors at the institute want to have their own hospital. Earlier, the university had a tie-up with Government Multi-Speciality Hospital, Sector 16, for training students.

Indonesia: 26 dead  82 still missing in mudslideBy: Agence-France Presse | Jemblung (indonesia) |
Posted: December 13, 2014 11:37 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 3:16 pm
Rescuers searching for more than 80 people missing after a landslide in Indonesia deployed bulldozers and excavators today to battle their way through roads strewn with debris to the site of the disaster, officials said.
At least 26 people have been confirmed dead after torrential downpours triggered the landslide hitting Jemblung village in central Java late Friday, National Disaster Management Agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho said.
“We found six more bodies today. Eighty-two people are still missing,” he told AFP.
Hundreds of rescuers were digging through the mud with shovels and their bare hands in a desperate hunt for any survivors.
“I am very worried,” a sobbing Sutinem, whose 12 family members including her children were buried in the landslide, he said.
The 45-year-old, who like many Indonesians goes by only one name, said so far only the body of her mother had been found. She was not at the village when the landslide hit as she was working in west Java.
“I was shocked to see that my village was flattened to the ground… I pray that the government will find them quickly,” she said.
“We are trying our best to look (for) those still buried.
It’s a big challenge because we are still using manual tools and the affected area is very muddy,” military official Edi Rahmatullah told reporters.
Provincial search and rescue agency chief Agus Haryono said rescue efforts have been slow because the ground was still unstable.
“The affected area is a large valley surrounded by hills.
The soil is loose and muddy so we have to be very careful when digging to prevent more landslides,” he said, adding that sniffer dogs were being deployed to detect bodies.
“The chances of finding anyone alive at this point is slim, but who knows? We just hope and pray that we can find survivors,” he said.
Authorities were using heavy equipment to clear a three-metre high pile of fallen trees and rubble on the main road leading to the site of the disaster.

Passion for acting helped me rise from bankruptcy  says Amitabh BachchanBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 1:49 pm
Megastar Amitabh Bachchan has seen highs and lows in his journey from being Bollywood’s “angry young man” to its “Shahenshah”. The actor says his determination and focus helped him emerge from the brink of bankruptcy.
For the actor, things didn’t turn out as expected with his Amitabh Bachchan Corporation Ltd. (ABCL) landing him into financial mess.
“It was a difficult time. ABCL went into debt. I was bankrupt. The people who expressed desire to work with me at the peak of my career came and hurled abuses at me,” Amitabh said at a session of Agenda Aaj Tak here Saturday.
The 72-year-old, who has consistently proved his mettle with films like “Agneepath”, “Don”, “Black”, “Paa” and “Cheeni Kum”, says his focus and passion for acting helped him overcome that phase.
“When you are in such a problem, you don’t sleep at night. On one such night, I asked myself ‘Who I am’ and realised that I came here to act and should stick to it,” he said.
“Next morning, I went to (late filmmaker) Yash Chopra and explained my problem and told him that I neither have money nor work. It was then he gave me a role in ‘Mohabbatein’ and then I started again from that point,” he added.
Amitabh played the role of a strict father and professor, who doesn’t believe in love, in the musical romantic drama, which released in 2000.
At the session, he also recited his late father Harivanshrai Bachchan’s poem “Madhushala” and reminisced about his father. The actor says his lessons are his driving force.
“My father was in a government job and he went for another job at night due to which he came home late. When I opened the door for him, I often asked him ‘Why is he so late?’ and to which he replied ‘Paisa badi mushkil se milta hai’ (You don’t get money easily).”
“So, when I entered show business, I used to do two to three shifts and reached home late. Then my father asked me the same question and complained about my late arrival. My answer was the same: ‘Paisa badi mushkil se milta hai, babuji’. This is one of the many teachings that helps me in my life,” he said.
Meanwhile, the actor has wrapped up shooting for “Piku” and is currently busy with “Wazir”.

Sydney siege: Hostages forced to hold Islamic flag | Unclear if politically motivated: PMChristmas
(Australia, a staunch ally…)
SYDNEY: Five people have fled from a Sydney cafe where a gunman took an unknown number of hostages at the height of Monday morning rush hour. Two people inside the cafe were earlier seen holding up a flag containing an Islamic declaration of faith.
The first development came six hours after the hostage crisis began, when three men were seen running from a fire exit of the Lindt Chocolat Cafe in downtown Sydney.
Shortly afterward, two women, one after another, sprinted from the cafe and into the arms of heavily armed police. Both were wearing aprons with the Lindt chocolate logo, indicating they were cafe employees.
"We do not have any information that suggests that anybody is harmed at this stage," New South Wales Police Deputy Commissioner Catherine Burn said, after the first three hostages had emerged.
St. Vincent's hospital spokesman David Faktor said a male hostage was in a satisfactory condition in the hospital's emergency department. He was the only one of the freed hostages to be taken to a hospital.
"He's in a satisfactory condition, so he's sitting up and that's all we can give out. We can't talk about the reason for his presentation," Faktor said.
It was not clear how many people remained inside the cafe located at Martin Place, a plaza in the heart of the city's financial and shopping district that is packed with holiday shoppers this time of year. Many of those inside the cafe would have been taken hostage as they stopped in for their morning coffees.
New South Wales state Police Commissioner Andrew Scipione said police did not know the gunman's motivation.
"We have not yet confirmed it is a terrorism-related event," Scipione said. "We're dealing with a hostage situation with an armed offender and we are dealing with it accordingly."
Burn said that police negotiators have made contact with the gunman.
Hundreds of police flooded into the area, streets were closed and offices evacuated. The public was told to stay away from Martin Place, home to the state premier's office, the Reserve Bank of Australia, and the headquarters of two of the nation's largest banks. The state parliament house is a few blocks away.
Watch: Sydney hostage crisis: Black flag with Arabic writing spotted in cafe window
Television footage shot through the cafe's windows showed several people with their arms in the air and hands pressed against the glass, and two people holding up a black flag with the Shahada, or Islamic declaration of faith, written on it.
The Shahada translates as "There is no God but Allah and Muhammad is His messenger." It is considered the first of Islam's five pillars of faith, and is similar to the Lord's Prayer in Christianity. It is pervasive throughout Islamic culture, including the green flag of Saudi Arabia. Jihadis have expropriated the Shahada in their own black flag.
"We don't know whether this is politically motivated, although obviously there are some indications that it could be," Prime Minister Tony Abbott told reporters in the nation's capital, Canberra.
Heavily armed officers were lined up outside the cafe, and a man with a backpack inside the cafe could be seen walking back and forth in front of the glass doors.
"Police have been in attendance and have controlled the situation from very early this morning," said Scipione, the police commissioner.
Lindt Australia posted a message on its Facebook page thanking the public for its support.
"We are deeply concerned over this serious incident and our thoughts and prayers are with the staff and customers involved and all their friends and families," the company wrote.
The government raised Australia's terror warning level in September in response to the domestic threat posed by supporters of the Islamic State group. Counterterror law enforcement teams later conducted dozens of raids and made several arrests in Australia's three largest cities _ Melbourne, Sydney and Brisbane. One man arrested during a series of raids in Sydney was charged with conspiring with an Islamic State leader in Syria to behead a random person in downtown Sydney.
The Islamic State group, which now holds a third of Syria and Iraq, has threatened Australia in the past. In September, Islamic State group spokesman Abu Mohammed al-Adnani issued an audio message urging so-called "lone wolf" attacks abroad, specifically mentioning Australia. Al-Adnani told Muslims to kill all "disbelievers," whether they be civilians or soldiers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Blackstone begins to group & list all realty...You are here: Home > Collections
Blackstone begins to group and list all realty assets; may raise Rs 6,000 crore
Sneha Shah & Baiju Kalesh, ET Bureau Dec 15, 2014, 05.06AM IST
Tags:
Air India
(The stake sale will value…)
MUMBAI: American private equity fund Blackstone has begun the process of grouping all the property it holds in India into a real estate investment trust, or REIT, and list this on the local bourses to raise around $1.5 billion, or Rs 6,000 crore, by selling roughly 50% to the public, four people with direct knowledge of the development said.
The stake sale will value the fund's assets at $3 billion. Blackstone has the third-largest commercial real estate portfolio after DLF Ltd and K Raheja Corp.
"Six investment banks have been hired to advise them to transfer the assets with the least tax outgo," said one of the three persons cited above. These are Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Standard Chartered and UBS with Morgan Stanley as the lead banker, the person said.
Another person close to the transaction said Blackstone was looking to monetise its real estate assets and the appointment of bankers was to see if a REIT was possible.
"The firm is looking at a listing in the next financial year. Initial work has begun," said another of the three persons.
Akhil Gupta, India chairman of the Blackstone Group, did not respond to an emailed questionnaire or calls and messages on his mobile phone.
The Blackstone Group, one of the largest global PE investors, has been pumping money into Indian real estate since 2009 and has spent $1.5 billion on 15 assets, including the 25-storey Express Towers in Mumbai.
The Securities & Exchange Board of India (Sebi), the capital market regulator, issued norms for the listing of REITs in August.
"Blackstone is an ideal candidate for REIT as the capitalisation rate, or cap rate, is expected to rise with the lowering of interest rates," said the managing director of a real estate fund on condition of anonymity. The cap rate is the rental yield received on an asset.
  For example, the cap rate is 10% if the rental yield is Rs 10 on an asset valued at Rs 100. Interest rates are expected to decline next year as inflation has been slowing while economic revival is still looking uncertain.
A REIT IPO will offer a better opportunity for Blackstone to unlock value from investments in property, drawing both long-term investors that include pension funds and insurance companies as well as retail investors.
For developers, REIT listings are an alternative financing opportunity that will deepen the Indian real estate capital market. Retail investors get an opportunity to purchase REIT units with assured long-term returns rather than risking large amounts on buying real estate assets.
Sebi allows retail investors to invest a minimum Rs 2 lakh in REITs and issuers have to distribute 90% of the rental yield of the listed assets as dividend to investors every year.
"For good-quality commercial assets with good tenancy, this is a good exit option," said Neeraj Bansal, partner and head, real estate & construction, KPMG India, a global consultant. Until now, only secondary exits in favour of another PE were available. "From a regular income perspective, REITs offer less risk though not-so-high returns for investors," Bansal said.
For instance, financially strapped national carrier Air India is looking to put its real estate into a separate trust and list it to trim some of its Rs 40,000-crore debt.
Globally, there are 500 REITs in 22 countries, of which nine are emerging real estate markets, a September report by KPMG said. More than $800 billion has been invested in these REITs globally. Foreign investment in Indian real estate has been steady over the past five years. Until now, roughly $1.45 billion has flowed into the sector from PE investors, data from Venture Intelligence show. In the past five years, more than $9.5 billion has been invested in real estate assets.
Blackstone, which created a large property portfolio with investments in Express Towers and projects by Century Real Estate, DLF, Embassy Group, Ozone Group, Panchshil Realty, Paranjape Schemes Construction, SSI, Synergy Property, Trishman Speyer and Woodstock Ambience will be looking to exit from these investments.
"However, though Sebi allowed listing REITs in August, some clarification and changes have yet to come in," said Bansal of KPMG. "Listings can happen only next year."
FEATURED ARTICLES

TCS slips over 4% on concerns of weak October-December quarterChristmas
(The third quarter of the…)
NEW DELHI: Tata Consultancy Services Ltd (TCS) plunged as much as 4.04 per cent in intraday trade on Monday, after the country's largest software services firm expects its revenue in the October-December 2014 quarter to be 'in line with seasonal trends'.
The third quarter of the fiscal is traditionally weaker for IT firms as business is impacted by low volume growth amid Christmas and New Year holidays and furloughs in the US and Europe.
"Q3 2015 revenue expected to be in-line with seasonal trends. Retail , Manufacturing and Hi-Tech likely to see impact of holidays and furloughs," TCS said in an investor presentation.
It added that banking, financial services and insurance continue to be impacted. While, the company expects telecom and smaller verticals to grow better than the company average.
On geographies, TCS said the demand environment in North America is in-line, adjusted for seasonal weakness.
The IT major anticipates furloughs to take a toll on retail, high tech and manufacturing, while insurance and banking products will continue to remain soft. However, telecom and other smaller verticals are slightly better.
"Moreover, cross currency impact will dent USD revenue by 220bps, higher than earlier expected. US demand is in line, adjusted for seasonality, while Europe is slightly better," Edelweiss said in a report.
"We maintain our positive outlook on TCS owing to the ensuing economic recovery in the US and improving demand from Europe underpinned by the company's robust execution capabilities," added the report.
The brokerage firm maintains 'buy' rating on the stock with target price of Rs 2,848 (20x FY16E EPS).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coal India  ONGC divestment deferred until JanuaryCoal India, ONGC divestment deferred until January as markets losing steam
Dheeraj Tiwari, ET Bureau Dec 15, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
BSE sensex
(The disinvestment department…)
NEW DELHI: With the stock market appearing to lose steam in the past few days and key global financial markets headed for year-end holidays, the government has decided to defer big-ticket disinvestments in Coal India and ONGC until January.
The disinvestment department will utilise the intervening period to hold interministerial consultations to create a pipeline of possible stake sales, a senior government official told ET, adding that the finance ministry will seek to sort out the issue of subsidy sharing burden on ONGC.
Along with Oil India, ONGC is required to offer discounts to help state-run refiners cover a part of their losses from selling kerosene and LPG at government determined rates. The current market conditions do not augur well for launching public offers of Coal India and ONGC in the next few days, said the official, requesting not to be named.
The BSE Sensex has shed 5 per cent since its high at the end of November. The government has proposed to shed 10 per cent stake in Coal India and 5 per cent in ONGC. At current market prices, the proposed disinvestment may fetch the government about Rs 38,500 crore. "We will now focus on getting clearances for other issues during this period. An interministerial meeting will be held to identify the companies in which the government can divest its stake," the official said.
Since the beginning of this fiscal, the government has been able to raise about Rs 1,715 crore by selling 5 per cent stake in Steel Authority of India (SAIL). The issue was largely subscribed by public sector institutions, though, with LIC taking up about 72 per cent of the offer size.
In the next round, the government may come up with public offers of Nalco, NBCC and Dredging Corporation of India, among others. It has already lined up Power Finance Corporation, Rural Electrification Corporation, NHPC, Moil, Concor, HAL and RINL for disinvestment.
"We are essentially creating a pipeline so that if any particular sector is doing well, we can take advantage of that and offload stake in that sector related firm," the official added.
Merchant bankers advising the government on the stake sale in ONGC have said clarity on subsidy burden on the company will help boost valuation. The Prime Minister's Office and the ministries concerned have already held discussions on the issue, officials said. In the case of Coal India, there are concerns over coal block allocations, the official cited earlier said.
"The government should also look at divesting its stake held through SUUTI and have their game plan ready once the holiday season for global investors comes to an end," said Jagannadham Thunuguntla, strategist and head of research at SMC Global Securities.
The government is also expected to push through its residual stake sale in Hindustan Zinc, in which it currently holds 29.5 per cent stake.
In the current fiscal, the government has budgeted a record Rs 58,425 crore from stake sales in state-run firms.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Extends Weakness to 3rd Day; TCS Falls 4%You are here: Home Market
Sensex Extends Weakness to 3rd Day; TCS Falls 4%
NDTV | Updated On: December 15, 2014 09:48 (IST)
Cyient Gains 3% on Acquisition
The Sensex fell nearly 250 points in early trade on Monday, while the Nifty came within 2 points of breaching the key 8,150. However, buying at lower levels helped Indian stock markets recover from the day's lows quickly.
As of 09.34 a.m., the Sensex was down 105 points at 27,245 and the Nifty traded 25 points lower at 8,199. Monday's losses were led by a selloff in IT stocks, which tumbled over 2 per cent on concerns over weak growth.
TCS, India's biggest outsourcer, fell nearly 4 per cent to be the top Nifty loser. On Friday, TCS said its revenue growth in the December quarter may be weak on account of seasonality and pressure in its banking, financial services and insurance (BFSI) segment.
TCS expects its dollar revenue to be impacted by 220 basis points on account of cross-currency impact. A negative outlook by TCS also impacted sentiments in other IT stocks and outsourcers such as HCL Tech, Wipro and Tech Mahindra fell between 1 and 1.5 per cent.
Energy stocks remained under pressure because of the continued fall in global crude prices. Reliance Industries traded 0.6 per cent lower, while Cairn India slumped 2.5 per cent over margin concerns. The CNX Energy index was down over 0.5 per cent, on track for its third straight day of fall.
State-run ONGC gained over 1 per cent after brokerage CLSA maintained its "buy" call on the stock with a target price of Rs 450 per share indicating an upside potential of over 32 per cent from current levels. ONGC was the top gainer in Nifty.
December has been a bad month for equities worldwide so far. Sentiments in the domestic market were also impacted because of slump in industrial production, which fell 4.2 per cent in October.
Foreign investors, who have been credited for driving the rally in Indian stocks, continued to be net sellers of Indian equities on Friday. In last four trading sessions, foreign investors have sold stocks worth Rs 1,741 crore in the cash market.
Story first published on: December 15, 2014 09:48 (IST)

Top Seven Companies Lose Over Rs 1 Lakh Crore Market Value in a WeekYou are here: Home Market
Top Seven Companies Lose Over Rs 1 Lakh Crore Market Value in a Week
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 14, 2014 12:48 (IST)
Cyient Gains 3% on Acquisition
New Delhi: The combined market valuation of top seven Sensex companies tanked by a whopping Rs 1 lakh crore in the past week, with TCS, ONGC and RIL taking the steepest hit.
The combined wealth erosion of these top seven Sensex firms, which also include SBI, HDFC Bank, Infosys and ICICI Bank, was Rs 1,02,431.31 crore. The total market value of all these seven firms stood at Rs 20.38 lakh crore in the week before.
The Sensex concluded the week at 27,350.68, disclosing a sharp fall of 1,107.42 points of 3.89 per cent -- the worst weekly drop since December 2011.
The market capitalisation (m-cap) of ONGC plunged Rs 24,725.37 crore to Rs 2,88,277.24 crore, taking the biggest hit among top-10 firms.
TCS's valuation dropped Rs 24,043.39 crore to Rs 4,81,004.83 crore. RIL's market value plunged Rs 23,988.04 crore to Rs 2,85,834.50 crore.
The m-cap of Infosys tumbled Rs 14,993.31 crore to Rs 2,22,706.01 crore, ICICI Bank fell Rs 7,439.74 crore to Rs 2,00,670.19 crore, SBI dropped Rs 4,740.74 crore to Rs 2,32,408.20 crore and HDFC Bank dipped Rs 2,500.72 crore to Rs 2,25,270.38 crore.
On the other hand, CIL added Rs 5,621.56 crore to Rs 2,30,768.37 crore, Sun Pharma's m-cap rose by Rs 4,282.96 crore to Rs 1,74,386.96 crore and that of ITC gained Rs 3,354.44 crore to Rs 3,15,996.74 crore.
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS retained its numero-uno position, followed by ITC, ONGC, RIL, SBI, CIL, HDFC Bank, Infosys, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Story first published on: December 14, 2014 12:46 (IST)

Top stock picks by Hemant ThukralLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Top stock picks by Hemant Thukral
According to Hemant Thukral of Aditya Birla Money, one can buy Sun Pharma with a target of Rs 875 and sell HCL Tech with a target of Rs 1480.
Post your opinion here
By Hemant Thukral of Aditya Birla Money:
I have sell on HCL Technologies , 15 percent shorts have been placed. Secondly
even on Friday it was showing the sign of more weakness as future premium was coming off along with the cash selling volumes. So, I clearly see that HCL Tech will have to re-test the stronger support zone that is between Rs 1,472 to Rs 1,475. The important support level
which it has given away on Friday, which is Rs 1,545-1,550 zone, will act as a resistance. I will recommend that to be kept as a stoploss for traders who are taking this call of going short on HCL Tech.
Pharma and healthcare is the only space which is showing that it will be up so called defensives and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries  looks to be a good bet with a target of Rs 875. Apart from that I really would like to buy some of the banks which are still showing some strength, something like Kotak Mahindra Bank .
It has outperformed the whole banking index itself and continues to show that strength, even a high beta stock something like Karnataka Bank  which has been an outperformer. However, the only thing is that with Nifty coming off, you will see some profit taking in banking
stocks also. However, I have a feeling that they will lead the rally back. So, banking should be the second best post pharma if you want to play for that pull back rally.
RELATED NEWS

Obama briefed on Sydney hostage situation: White HouseThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi congratulates Japan PM on election victoryThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Relief for Infra: Road builders eye Rs 60k cr ordersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Acche Din  for jobs: More hiring  salary in 2015Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

IOC is India s biggest firm: Fortune 500 ListThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Building Wealth Through REITsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Friend   pauper_now   if you desire you may take risk of buying today ...Gold Member
66 Followers
Dear Friend, I will be glad if the investors are rewarded at last. If you go through my messages right from the beginning you will realise it that I have not recommended this scrip to buy. You are the person who asked the boarders to buy and and has given the rosy pictures but subsequently you started against this company and now again started writing in favour of this company. From this any one will come to know about your true colour. Tell me now, who is stoning at the innocent people?
In reply to : Prakash641 message
10.05 AM Dec 15th 2014

No one buys astral for 5% growth right we are all buying astral for e...Platinum Member
108 Followers
Definitely. Short term PE might remain inflated due to equity dilution and EPS contraction. However, Resinova-Seal IT when integrated with Advanced Adhesives will command 20-25% of consolidated topline by FY17. Hence all acquisitions are equity accretive in the longer run.
Astral/Supreme will report poor Q3 numbers because of high PVC inventory cost which they are holding. Because of Crude price fall, PVC prices have crashed. So better to wait for Q3 results and catch at lower levels. For the longer term, price should double in next 2-3 years.
In reply to : snayak30 message
9.47 AM Dec 22nd 2014

Buy nimbus food industries for sure target of rs 5 within weeksCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Safe players book 50% profit in apollohosp future 1172-1175 buy given...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sensex recovers after shedding 215 points in early tradeSensex ends flat; heavy selling in realty, consumer durables counters
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 15:  
Indian shares ended flat after earlier hitting their lowest levels in 1-1/2 months as software services providers fell after Tata Consultancy Services' tepid comments on its outlook, while other blue-chips were hit by global risk aversion.
The BSE benchmark Sensex ended down by 31.12 points or 0.11 per cent at 27,319.56 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty ended down by 4.5 points or 0.05 per cent at 8,219.60.
Sectoral indices
Among BSE sectoral indices, realty index fell the most by 2.07 per cent, followed by consumer durables 2.02 per cent, IT 1.94 per cent and TECk 1.46 per cent, while banking index was up 0.35 per cent and PSU 0.18 per cent.
Gainers, losers
HDFC (4.94%), Coal India (3.26%), ONGC (1.77%), HDFC Bank (0.99%) and BHEL (0.71%) were the top five Sensex gainers, while the major losers were TCS (3.78%), SSLT (2.39%), Axis Bank (1.3%), Cipla (1.27%) and Tata Motors (1.24%).
Brokers' comment
A report by SMC Investments and Advisors said “US stocks had their worst week since 2011 amidst global growth concerns. Asian stocks showed a lacklustre performance as negative sentiment from China affected other Asian markets. The Bank of Japan revealed an index measuring business sentiment. The large manufacturers' index came in with a score of 12, missing forecasts for 13, which would have been unchanged from the third quarter. The outlook score is a little more ominous, suggesting that the index will fall to 9 in the first quarter of next year. The survey is closely watched by the Bank of Japan for formulating policies.”
Domestic sentiment was dampened on continued selling by funds and retail investors after October industrial production contracted sharply.
Brokers said selling activity gathered momentum on disappointing economic data as the country’s industrial production contracted by 4.2 per cent in October, the sharpest decline in at least two years. However, data showing retail inflation eased to a fresh low of 4.38 per cent in November — the fifth straight month of decline — restricted the fall to some extent.
Early trade
The BSE benchmark Sensex plunged 215 points to 27,136 in early trade and the Nifty opened down by 63 points at 8,161.
European markets
European shares held steady on Monday after posting their biggest weekly loss since mid-2011 in the previous session, with a halt to oil’s sell-off lifting energy stocks.
The STOXX Europe 600 oil and gas index rose 1.4 per cent as Brent prices rebounded from a 5-1/2 year low on hopes of improving manufacturing data
Abenomics impact
Any benefits from Abenomics are relatively small for China and India against rest of Asia, according to Japanese brokerage Nomura.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s coalition has secured big election win. Any measures by Japan to stimulate its economy via monetary easing could raise expectations of inflows into emerging markets, it said.
Nomura added top economies to benefit from Abenomics are Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand, Taiwan and the Philippines
Nomura’s FDI scorecard showed Thailand as the most exposed to Japanese FDI, followed by China, Indonesia and India.
Asian markets
Asian shares slipped to nine-month lows on Monday as oil prices sank to fresh 5-1/2 year lows on concerns about a supply glut and slower global growth, hitting the stocks of energy and commodity producers and exporters.
Investors were nervous after US shares posted their biggest weekly fall in 2-1/2-years last week on losses led by energy sector, and as they expect the US Federal Reserve to hint this week it is getting closer to raising interest rates.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 1.1 per cent to its lowest level since March.
Japan's Nikkei share average fell 1.3 per cent, drawing little momentum from Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's big election victory on Sunday, which was a boost for his reflationary economic policies.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average had ended 1.79 per cent lower in Friday’s trade.
(This article was published on December 15, 2014)
Related

Maoists warn loan sharks in WayanadMaoists warn loan sharks in Wayanad
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kochi, December 15:  
A Maoist group, said to be active in the jungles of Wayand district in northern Kerala, has alleged that the ongoing ‘Operation Kubera’ of the Kerala police against the ‘blade mafia’ (a term used to denote loan sharks) is a farce.
The group, People’s Liberation Guerrilla Army, which had traded shots with the police last week, alleged in a pamphlet that the police were colluding with the blade mafia. It reproduced excerpts of purported conversations between a police officer and a loan shark in which the latter was tipped off about an impending raid on him.
The group has warned the loan sharks of strong punishment and asked the public to join its fight against the blade mafia.
The Wayand district witnessed the largest number of farmer deaths in the State during the slump in the prices of farm produce, particularly cash crops, some five years ago. Cash crops such as coffee, mostly cultivated by ‘settler farmers’ from southern Kerala using loans, had seen a long slump in prices, leaving them heavily indebted.
Much of the loans had been from the blade companies. The government had ordered a moratorium on repayment of bank loans and also implanted a financial relief package, but it applied only to loans from the formal channels.
(This article was published on December 14, 2014)
Related

Duck farmers to take birds to AssemblyDuck farmers to take birds to Assembly
Our Bureau
A duck farmer in Kuttanadu. The government is yet to pay full compensation to the farmers whose birds were culled
Kochi, December 14:  
Duck farmers and farm workers of the Kuttanad region, devastated by the recent outbreak of the avian influenza caused by the H5N1 virus, will take out a rally carrying ducks to the State Assembly in Thiruvananthapuram on December 15.
The rally is to press for full payment of the compensation announced by the government to the duck farmers whose birds had been culled to prevent the spread of the flu. The farmers also want welfare measures and easy finance to help them to get back on their feet as more than three lakh ducks had been culled during the campaign to check the spread of the virus.
The Kuttanad Duck Farm Workers Association is also seeking rehabilitation and compensation as they have lost their jobs. The association pointed out that a large number of people who depended on duck-rearing for livelihood are now jobless.
The association said the government had failed to pay full compensation announced by it.
Meanwhile, poultry farmers too are planning to go on agitation seeking government aid because of the bird flu. They point out that the bird flu scare had hit their business badly and almost halved the prices. They said the Christmas-New Year season was the best season for the poultry business, but this time, because of the bird flu scare, the business is in a pretty bad condition.
(This article was published on December 14, 2014)
Related

Differences crop up in OVL-Rosneft dealHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Differences crop up in OVL-Rosneft deal
Richa Mishra
India wants equity oil, Russia offers stake in subsidiary
New Delhi, December 14:  
Commercial differences between Russia’s Rosneft and India’s ONGC Videsh Ltd took away much of the sheen from the slew of agreements announced during Russian President Vladimir Putin’s visit to New Delhi on December 11.
The two firms failed to seal a deal because of divergent expectations from the venture.
Officials privy to the development said the differences cropped up because Russia’s proposal of a stake in the Vankor oilfields — the largest field to be brought into production in Russia in the last 25 years — did not mean the Indian company would get a share of the output.
“India needs oil and gas. Why will an investment be made if a company does not get its share of oil and gas from the fields?” an official told BusinessLine.
While sources did not disclose the exact deal size, it is expected to be around $2 billion.
Russia has been wooing old partners like India following sanctions by the West over the Ukraine crisis.
Vankor oilfields
In Russia, assets are carved out into special purpose vehicles or companies.
The Vankor oilfields are operated by Vankorneft, a subsidiary of Rosneft.
The field is located in the northern part of Eastern Siberia. As of January 1, the initial recoverable reserves in the Vankor field are put at 500 million tonnes of oil and condensate, and 182 billion cubic metres of gas (natural and dissolved).
What is being offered is a stake in the subsidiary, another official explained, adding that if the Indian firm’s stake is less than 25 per cent, it does not qualify to claim equity on the produce.
However, the official maintained that “talks between the two companies are going on. The two would like to resolve the issues. But economic terms have to be prioritised. Besides, only when the issue of equity in produce is resolved does the question of stake arise.”
On December 10, an OVL official had told BusinessLine that “discussions were still going on, and a final call will be taken subsequently.”
Russia has also offered OVL a proposal to undertake joint development of the Yurubcheno-Tokhomskoye oilfield in eastern Siberia.
(This article was published on December 14, 2014)
Related

Markets Live: Sensex down 106 points; Asian shares slip to nine-month lowWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

PM tells youth to have courage to say no to drugs  a national painPM tells youth to have courage to say no to drugs, a ‘national pain’
Shishir Sinha
Not cool Far from being a style statement, drugs can lead to serious problems, including the funding of terror activity.
Wants families, friends and society to work together to curb the menace
New Delhi, Dec 14:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has called for joint efforts by society and the government to fight the menace of drug abuse. He assured the nation of a dedicated toll-free helpline to curb drug addiction.
In an emotional appeal in his third direct radio address to the nation, the Prime Minister told young people that the money spent on drugs might be funding terrorism.
“(I) want to ask — perhaps, for a few hours you feel it is a different life, free of troubles — but where does the money you spend go... have you thought? The bullet that hits the soldier has the money of your drugs. We cannot help terrorists and drug mafia,” Modi said in his ‘Mann Ki Baat’, where spoke on drug addiction among the youth.
Ambitions, dreams
Terming drug addiction a “psycho-socio-medical problem,” Modi said drugs lead to the problem of 3Ds — Darkness, Destruction and Devastation. “When a youngster gets into this (drugs) we consider him or her bad. But the truth is that drugs are bad, not the youth,” he said in the 20-minute broadcast on All India Radio, which covers 92 per cent of the country’s geographical area and almost the entire population through 414 broadcast centres.
Asking parents to keep an eye on their children, the Prime Minister said bad habits don’t start all of a sudden, they grow over time. He told the youth that sometimes, with friends, people feel drugs are cool and a style statement, but it leads to serious problems. “Have the courage to say no (to drugs) and reject drugs. Tell your friends to do the same too,” he added.
The Prime Minister asked family, friends and the society to work together to curb the menace. Modi felt that when a person does not have any aim and ambition, drugs find him easily.
“If you want to keep your children away from drugs, help them have aims, ambition and dreams, and they will not turn to anything,” he said.
The Prime Minister said he chose the subject as it is a ‘national pain’ and he was giving his anguish an outlet in the process.
Positive goals
While exhorting youth to have positive ambitions and goals, Modi referred to the “enthusiasm” and “drive” of the Indian Blind Cricket Team, which recently met him after winning the World Cup.
He also mentioned the victory achieved by the Jammu and Kashmir cricket team against Mumbai in the Ranji Cup to highlight their extraordinary drive.
“Jammu and Kashmir was hit by floods recently. Its playgrounds were flooded. However, despite the difficulties, its team achieved the goal. I congratulate them,” he added. The Prime Minister also referred to the UN decision declaring June 21 as the ‘International Yoga Day’ and said a record 177 nations co-sponsored the resolution on an idea mooted by India.
(This article was published on December 14, 2014)
Related

Achche Din for jobs; Cos plan to hire more  pay more in 2015Pakistani boat carrying explosives caught by Indian Coast Guard off Gujarat; 4 men refuse to surrender, 'blow themselves up'
In preparation for ‘achche din’ promised by the new government, India Inc has big plans for 2015 when it comes to hiring people and doling out pay hikes.
On the platter for the job market, the companies are promising an estimated 3-5 lakh new jobs, an increase of 15-20 per cent in headcount and average pay hike of 10-12 per cent that can go up to 30 per cent for certain roles and sectors.
These ambitious plans, which experts mostly attribute to an upsurge in business sentiments since the new government took over around middle of the year, would make 2015 a much better year for the job market than 2014.
According to various human resource firms and job consultancy organisations, Indian companies recorded an average hiring growth of 10-12 per cent in 2014, while salary hikes stood at about 8-10 per cent.
With the economy showing signs of an upturn and the positivity continuing in the business sentiment, the experts believe that the hiring activities should get only better and the companies would dole out double-digit salary hike to attract the right talent.
The job market may get a further boost if foreign firms come to set shop here after certain sectors are opened up for further overseas investments, as promised by the government.
According to the global human resource solution provider, Aon Hewitt, the average salary increase for 2014 as projected by over 500 organisations in India stood at 10 per cent, with a range of 8.8 per cent to 12 per cent across industries.
Global major HayGroup says that the companies in India are likely to dole out an average pay hike of 10.5 per cent in 2015 — much better than many other countries in Asia.
Another major global consultancy Mercer said that the Indian companies are likely to keep their average salary hike at 11 per cent in 2015, up from 10.6 per cent in 2014.
While hiring growth is expected to be robust across the sectors, IT, healthcare and pharma, manufacturing and engineering and retail could be the primary drivers of hiring followed by telecom, FMCG and financial services, staffing firm TeamLease Services’ Senior VP Kunal Sen said.
In order to attract and retain key talent, apart from the general compensation increases, organisations would invest in wellness programs, retirement models, financial wellness, cohesive workforce and partnering with colleges to create specific talent pool. Attrition and growth may remain stable.
According to the Employment Outlook Survey by workforce solutions major ManpowerGroup, Indian employers are expecting a brisk hiring pace for the January-March period and India has also emerged one of the most optimistic nations in the world in terms of hiring plans for the next three months.
Campus placements are already in full-swing and hiring plans of many companies, whose expansion plans were stuck due to policy paralysis, are now getting green signals.
Sectors like infrastructure, power, energy, manufacturing, IT, ITES, retail, e-commerce, banking and non-profit sector would also see high demand.
A stable government at the Centre is likely to be a major trigger for robust growth in the job market in 2015 as there is likely to be faster passage of policies and legislations.
In addition, the emphasis of the government on the manufacturing sector is expected to create 100 million jobs in the next ten years in the manufacturing, mining and infrastructure sector.
Moreover, initiatives like ‘Make in India’ would entail significant job creation in the manufacturing, automation sectors in the coming year.
While, the plan to create 100 smart cities is expected to fuel job growth further.
According to Indian Staffing Federation, an apex body of staffing industry in India, the job growth is likely to touch 12 per cent fuelled by a growing market demand, while salaries can grow by 12-15 per cent in 2015.
Some sectors can see salary escalations in excess of even 30 per cent, ISF President Rituparna Chakraborty said.
The HR experts also said that the new year is expected to be a candidate-driven job market, when companies are likely to go out of their way to lute the perfect candidate.
“Organisations that will emphasise on non-monetised employee benefit programs with a focus to increase employee value proposition will have competitive edge to get key talent. In addition, hiring and retaining critical talent remains a challenge with companies trying to enhance pay for performance programs,” said Sambhav Rakyan, Data Services practice leader, Asia Pacific at global professional services company Towers Watson.
Going by various employment indices, the Indian job market has shown an improvement on a month-on-month basis since the start of 2014 and this momentum is expected to continue in the coming year as well.
As per leading job portal Naukri.com, there has been a significant rise in hiring activity since the beginning 2014, while the momentum picked up significantly after May.
While the full-year figures are still awaited, the Naukri Job Speak Index for the month of November 2014 showed a 13 per cent hiring growth on a year-on-year basis.
Summing up the the year in terms of hiring, executive search portal Headhonchos.com Founder Shiv Agrawal said, “2014 has been a turnaround year as hiring has moved up by a sharp 10 per cent and is likely to grow meaningfully in 2015.”
HR experts believe that the confidence that the current government has infused through its proactive approach to business has brought in a huge positivity.
“The job scenario in the coming year 2015 seems extremely affirmative,” global executive recruitment firm Antal International India’s MD Joseph Devasia said.
“The job market will witness an explosive growth with at least 15-20 per cent increase in headcount across sectors except for auto and pharma sector, which may see lesser growth,” Devasia added.
Executive search firm GlobalHunt’s MD Sunil Goel said that the year 2014 was much better year compared to 2013 in terms of hirings.
After some volatility in the first half due due to elections, the last 6-7 months of the year showed “a pretty consistent and growing number” for hiring activities as the companies began working on their expansion plans.
For 2015, Goel said that the job market was going to be on a robust hiring mode, which can get a further boost from global players coming in to do business in India.
“Overall 3-5 lakhs jobs are expected to be created in 2015 as growth in industry continues to rebound under present government,” Goel added.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Nifty opens below 8 200; TCS slumps nearly 4%Nifty reclaims 8,200; HDFC up 2%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 15, 2014 10:11 AM IST
Benchmark share indices trimmed most of the early losses with mortgage lender HDFC leading the gains on reports that Standard Life plans to increase its stake in joint venture HDFC Standard Life Insurance company to 33% from 26%. HDFC holds 72.4% in JV
At 10:10AM, the 30-share Sensex was down 8 points at 27,343 after hitting a low of 27,105 in early trades and the 50-share Nifty was up 1 point at 8,225 after touching a low of 8,153.
________________________
(Updated at 9:30AM)
Benchmark indices are trading lower, amid weakness in their Asian peers, dragged by losses in information technology and oil shares. Further, contraction in Index of Industrial Production for October to 4.2% also dampened sentiment.
 
At 9:30AM, the 30-share Sensex was down 121 points at 27,241 and the 50-share Nifty was down 28 points at 8,196.
 
In the broader market, both BSE midcap and smallcap indices have underperformed their larger peers with losses of around 0.6% each. Market breadth in BSE is negative with  841 declines against 368 advances.  
Along with the WPI data, due later today, traders will keep a watch on Parliament proceedings for cues. The outcome of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) monetary policy review scheduled tomorrow will also be in focus.
 
Further, markets would closely analyse the data on corporate advance tax payment as it would provide clues on Q3 December 2014 corporate earnings.
 
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net sellers in Indian equities worth Rs 864.96 crore on Friday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
 
Among global markets, Japanese stocks fell on Monday after slumping oil prices toppled Wall Street shares, while investors drew little comfort from Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's landslide win in a snap election over the weekend.
 
Last week, US stocks suffered their worst weekly drop for 2-1/2 years, as free-falling oil prices hit the energy and commodities sectors and raised the spectre of falling global demand and deflation.
Buzzing Stocks
BSE FMCG index alone is in the green with a gain of 0.2%.
BSE IT index is the top loser and has declined close to 2% in opening deals followed by BSE Teck, Consumer Durables and Capital Goods indices with losses of over 1% each.
TCS has declined over 3% after the company said that it expects a  weak third quarter, because of the holiday season in its key markets impacting some of its main verticals. Wipro has lost around 1.6% while Infosys has lost 0.5%.
Oil and gas shares are under pressure. Reliance and GAIL have lost 0.7% and 0.8% each.
ONGC has gained close to 1.5% after it  announced three new oil and gas discoveries in Krishan Godavari Basin and Mumbai offshore and said it will pay its shareholders an interim dividend of 100%.
Among auto stocks, Tata Motors has declined around 0.8% as its prized acquisition, Jaguar Land Rover has posted sluggish sales numbers.
Index heavyweights, HDFC and ITC are trading with gains of  1.2% and 0.8% each.

Nikkei falls as oil slump sours mood  Abe win offers little respiteNikkei sags to 4-week low as oil prices tumble
Reuters | Tokyo Dec 15, 2014 12:03 PM IST
Japanese stocks fell to their lowest in four weeks on Monday as oil prices tumbled to a new 5-1/2 year low, hitting Wall Street shares and stoking fears of weak global growth.
The Nikkei benchmark lost 1.6% to close at 17,099.40 points, its lowest since Nov 17.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's ruling coalition scored a landslide in Sunday's general election, as expected. But The victory, which gives the Japanese premier a fresh mandate for market-friendly growth policies, failed to cheer investors as his reflationary strategy to end 15 years of deflation has had only modest success so far.
Exporter shares suffered, with Toyota Motor Co and Mitsubishi Motors Corp losing 2.5% and 4%, respectively.
The broader Topix slipped 1.5% to 1,379.29, while the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 also lost 1.4% to 12,518.29.

Markets likely to open weak tracking global cues; WPI in focusMarkets likely to open weak tracking global cues; WPI in focus
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 15, 2014 08:29 AM IST
Markets are likely to open lower tracking global cues weighed down by sharp fall in crude oil prices. Disappointing Index of Industrial Production (IIP) data, released after market hours on Friday, is likely to add to selling pressure.
WPI inflation data for November will release today and developments in the ongoing Parliament session will also influence the markets.
Investors will also be eyeing the outcome of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) monetary policy review tomorrow.
Further, markets would be keeping a note of corporate advance tax payment as that would provide clues on Q3 December 2014 corporate earnings.
Foreign institutional investors were net sellers in Indian equities worth Rs 864.96 crore on Friday, as per provisional stock exchange data. Meanshile, at 8:15, the SGX Nifty was trading at 8,230 down 42 points.
"The trend deciding level for the day is 27,454 (Sensex) / 8,254 (Nifty) level. If the markets trade above these level during the first half-an-hour of trade then we may witness a further rally up to 27,589 – 27,827 / 8,292 – 8,360 levels. However, if it trades below 27,454 / 8,254 levels for the first half-an-hour of trade then it may correct towards 27,216 – 27,082 / 8,186 – 8,149 levels," suggests a market outlook report from Angel Broking.
Among global markets, Japanese stocks fell on Monday after slumping oil prices toppled Wall Street shares, while investors drew little comfort from Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's landslide win in a snap election over the weekend.
The Nikkei benchmark sagged 0.8% to 17,227.79, after recovering slightly from a trough of 17,037.21 touched shortly after the open.
Last week, US stocks suffered their worst weekly drop for 2-1/2 years, as free-falling oil prices hit the energy and commodities sectors and raised the spectre of falling global demand and deflation.
STOCKS IN FOCUS
Capital Goods stocks will be in selling pressure tracking poor IIP data for the month of October.
Biocon is contemplating setting up a manufacturing facility in Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh government said on Sunday.
Andhra Bank is looking to cut its base lending rate by March 2015 as tepid credit demand has weighed on banks that are flush with liquidity.

Have an opinion on this news post your comment here.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Kailash Satyarthi: Narendra Modi was the first to wish meKailash Satyarthi: Narendra Modi was the first to wish me
Produced by Andrew ClaranceUpdated: December 10, 2014 11:57 am
Related

Kailash Satyarthi on how NGOs are fundedKailash Satyarthi on how NGOs are funded
Produced by Andrew ClaranceUpdated: December 10, 2014 12:44 pm
Related

BSE Sensex ends 251 points lower; nearly 2 000 stocks close in red onBSEEarnings growth, policy, rate cut to shape market movement in 2015
The BSE benchmark Sensex today slumped by 251.33 points to end at 27,350.68 and logged its worst weekly drop in three years on hefty losses in oil&gas, realty and metal shares, amid continued tumble in oil prices raising concern over the strength of the global economy.
As many as 11 of the 12 sectoral indices on BSE ended in the red. Overall, nearly 2,000 stocks closed down while just about 920 scrips managed to close up.
Besides global cues and oil price falling below key USD 60/barrel mark for the first time since July 2009, caution prevailed ahead of the retail inflation and IIP data to be released after trading hours today, traders said.
The BSE Sensex, after rising to 27,692.32 in early trade, succumbed to selling pressure in blue-chips and fell to day’s low of 27,320.05. It settled at a fresh six-week low of 27,350.68, down 251.33 points, or 0.91 per cent.
The index has dropped by a whopping 1104 points in the past week, its worst show since December 2011, during which it fell in four of five trading sessions.
The 50-share NSE index Nifty also plunged 68.80 points, or 0.83 per cent, to close at 8,224.10 after shuttling between 8,216.30 and 8,321.90 intra-day.
“There was weakness across sectors, which was brought about by the global concerns. Markets are concerned about a global slowdown, as reflected in demand from major oil producing organisations. Markets were also cautious ahead of the inflation and IIP data scheduled post-market,” said Dipen Shah, Head- PCG Research, Kotak Securities.
Sectorally, BSE Oil & Gas index suffered the most by falling 2.63 per cent. GAIL, ONGC, Cairn fell between 2.5-4.6 per cent. RIL, IOC and HPCL fell in 1.5-2.5 per cent range.
In other BSE sectoral indices, Realty index fell 2.47 per cent, Consumer Durables by 2.28 per cent, Capital Goods by 2 per cent and Metal 1.45 per cent among others.
In the 30-share Sensex pack, as many as 23 stocks closed down. Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, BHEL, Bajaj Auto, L&T and HDFC were among big laggards. However, gains in Infosys, Maruti Suzuki and Sun Pharma cushioned the fall.
Small-cap index shed 1.50 per cent and Mid-cap index fell by 1.28 per cent, indicating selling by retail investors.
Foreign funds continue to remain net sellers on the domestic bourses which weighed on the sentiment and added to the selling, equity brokers said. Overseas investors sold shares worth net Rs 808.27 crores yesterday.
Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities
Markets closed the week with losses of about 3-4% on the benchmarks. There was weakness across sectors, which was brought about by the global concerns. Markets are concerned about a global slowdown, as reflected in demand from major oil producing organisations. Markets were also cautious ahead of the inflation and IIP data scheduled post-market. According to media sources, GST bill will now be taken up in the next session of the Parliament. Fiscal reform in and outside the budget will be a major determinant of the market’s movement over the next few weeks and months. Economic growth as well as interest rate movements will be determined by what measures are taken by the Government to put the economy on a high growth path. Globally, developments in China and EU hold the key for the global markets, including India.
View on Rupee
Debopam Chaudhuri, Chief Economist, ZyFin Research
2014 remains a volatile year for the rupee exchange rate, despite some significant recovery in India’s current account deficit. With an expected rise in US interest rate regime, there is a high probability of a significant decline in demand for rupee from FIIs in the short run, leading to further depreciation. In this context, the RBI’s decision to not cut rates may help reduce the volatility in exchange rate until India regains its position as a lucrative investment destination.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

India to reap $12 billion-plus budget windfall from oil slide ; Arun Jaitley to reap a fiscalwindfallCommodities see longest losing streak in 23 years
A plunge of nearly half in oil prices could help Indian Finance Minister Arun Jaitley reap a fiscal windfall of at least $12 billion when he presents his 2015/16 budget in February, two government sources said.
The savings would come in the form of reduced fuel subsidy costs and higher petrol and diesel levies, the sources said. In addition, finance ministry officials have proposed restoring a crude oil import duty that was scrapped in 2011.
As a result, the government would claw back most of the money that India saves on oil imports. That would help Jaitley hit borrowing targets but dilute any boost to consumption in Asia’s third-largest economy.
Energy-hungry India imports around 4 million barrels of oil per day and the net cost of the country’s oil imports is expected to total $88 billion in the fiscal year to next March, based on a budgeted oil price of $105 per barrel.
Officials drawing up Jaitley’s first full-year budget are pencilling in a view that oil prices will average $65-$70 in 2015/16. That would cut the national import bill by $18 billion – or 0.9 percent of GDP, they reckon.
“Benefits from the fall in oil prices would reflect in the budget through lower oil subsidies and higher tax projections next year,” one senior finance ministry official told Reuters.
The sources estimate that the overall fiscal boost can total 750 billion rupees ($12 billion). More than half, 400 billion rupees, would come from savings on oil subsidies.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in power since May, has freed prices for diesel, which account for 40 percent of consumption of refined fuels.
Taking advantage of the resulting fall in pump prices, his government has raised factory gate duties on petrol and diesel twice in the last month.
That means state coffers, and not drivers, will benefit to the tune of $1.6 billion this fiscal year and nearly $5 billion next year.
A revival in the profitability of state-owned oil refiners like Hindustan Petroleum Corporation and Indian Oil Corporation could generate another $1 billion in extra revenues.
Further, ministry officials recommend restoring the old 5 percent crude oil import duty in full. This would require Modi’s approval, and if implemented could raise up to $4 billion more, lifting total potential fiscal gains to over $16 billion.
“A proposal to impose import duty on crude oil is under consideration,” said another finance ministry source. “The final decision could be announced in the budget.” Both sources requested anonymity, because they were not authorised to speak to the press on the record.
Jaitley is struggling to hit his fiscal deficit target of 4.1 percent of gross domestic product this fiscal year. He wants to cut it to 3.6 percent in 2015/16, and 3 percent in 2016/17.
Fiscal constraints leave little over for the wider economy, with consumers still cautious about their prospects and concerned that recent falls in inflation will be only temporary.
Although the price of diesel, used by truckers and farmers, has fallen by 6 percent in the past five months, drivers in India are now paying more to fill up than in the United States.
“The boost to household consumption is likely to be small,” said Shilan Shah, India Economist at Capital Economics in London. “The government has been able to take advantage of the windfall.”
By Shah’s reckoning, the oil windfall could help cut the budget deficit by 0.5 percent of GDP, as well as narrowing the current account gap and easing price pressures.
“This could lead to the RBI beginning to cut interest rates early next year, which on its own should have impact on economic growth,” said Shah.  ($1 = 61.8700 Indian rupees)
Post Comments
More from commodities

5 Signs You re Not a Good Leader: What You Can Do About It Nowreddit
'Good' leaders. Where are they all? By my opinion they're a rarity in the modern corporate world.
Why would I say that?  Because over the past 10 years of working in corporate institutions I've come across barely any leaders who I would consider 'good' or in some cases even 'OK'.  Sure there are lots of likable people I've come across, but when it comes to managing a team or delivering a project a lot of people in leadership positions fall flat.
There are some key giveaway traits to spotting a poor leader. They can be regularly found:
1 Hiding behind email
2 Leading by namesake only
3 Protecting their position by using negative tactics
4 Lacking basic knowledge
5 Not leading by example, in fact entirely contradicting themselves.
1. Email.
Put simply, sending emails is not being a leader. Yes it's a necessary part of the work place in modern business, but when it comes to taking control of a situation that needs immediate attention and direction, 'sending an email' is not the answer!  Far too many managers in business these days send an email and think that's the end of their involvement in the matter.  Not so, my friend.
Do you use email as a form of leadership armor? Stop emailing and pick up the phone instead.  Face things head on in person as often as possible.  You'll get much more respect, even in times when you might be wrong or at fault.
I've worked under 'email only' managers several times, generally you just have to get on with whatever task or challenge is at hand without them - then email them about it later with an update.
2. Leadership by namesake only.
That is, while a person's position or title states they are a leader in reality they don't have the necessary skills for good leadership.
While I support what I call 'equalist' movements (I refuse to use the antiquated term 'feminist' regardless of being a woman myself) in particular I've seen a number of women in my time in the corporate world be put into leadership roles simply to tick the 'woman' box.   This position of (poor) leadership negatively affects the team, affects results and affects the day to day working of other people around them.
This issue goes beyond gender - it's the same with race, religion, culture and class; people should be put into leadership roles because they have the necessary leadership qualities, but often this isn't the case.  They're instead put there to satisfy company criteria.
Are you in a leadership role that you don't feel qualified for? Do you want to be better at your role? Ask for help, your company more than likely offers leadership coaching programs for people who request them. As a leader you should be given the appropriate support and training necessary to improve the performance of yourself and your team - ask for resources to support you.
3 People who are in leadership roles by appointment only generally know they're not fit for purpose, in which case they'll do whatever they can to maintain their position.
A notable tactic is to enforce dire consequences on people who don't follow them. For example, firing someone who's stood up to them, or giving them difficult, unjust or meaningless projects in order to keep them 'small'.
Another classic tactic of poor leadership is to blame others when things go wrong, and in the opposite fashion take all the praise when things go right! I have seen this A LOT in my time in the corporate world. It is infuriating working within a team that is lead in this way.
Take a good honest look at yourself here.  Are you making life difficult for people in your team in order to defend your position?  Time to give up the act and admit that perhaps you need some support or that you need to up your game. This can be a tricky one but not impossible to solve.  Is there someone outside of your department you can speak to? Someone above you who you could approach as a mentor?  Ask yourself what small changes can you make daily to increase rapport with your team, or gain the respect of the specific person challenging you?  Admitting you need to improve is the first step, then make a succession of incremental improvements.
4 Know what you're talking about.
While a leader doesn't have to be an expert in their field, general knowledge of whatever subject they're leading in is essential.  A lot of 'leaders' out there don't have enough knowledge in crucial areas and therefore buckle when challenged or when things go wrong.  This can cause embarrassment for the leader and therefore negative defense tactics such as those described above come into play.
A construction manager I once worked for barely every came out of his office to see what was happening on site.  He had very little experience in his role and if only he would come out and learn a few things about what was happening on the job it would have changed everything for the better, both for himself and the team, but he never did.  It regularly caused problems with nearly anything he was involved with on the project.
If you're a leader in this position, do yourself and everyone around you a favor and learn everything you can as soon as you can.  Conduct research, read reports, ask questions after meetings, go out into the field/on site and see things in action, understand the processes involved, talk to the people in your team to know how they feel and what matters to them.  Learn, learn, learn.  You and your team will be thankful for your efforts.
5 Lead by example.
This is the single biggest thing that other people look for when it comes to quality leadership.  'Does this person walk their talk? Do they show others the way?'
A lot of modern workplace 'leaders' out there simply don't lead by example.  When someone's own behavior is contradicting their commands, it breaks rapport and makes it hard for people to follow.  'Do as I say not as I do' is an out-of-date style of management; when someone you work for is performing inconsistently but by contrast is cracking the whip and expecting the world from you, you have the right to question it.  In fact  encourage you to question it.
If you are a leader and you want to improve your connection with your employees, gain their respect and improve relationships, then get out there and lead by example.  Arrive early sometimes, and stay late on occasion.  If a project deadline means people are working overtime, make sure you're there too.  When challenges are faced, be at the forefront of corrective action.  Praise others, recognize their efforts with rewards. Walk the talk and show others how it's done.
Leadership at work affects everyone - don't put up with poor leadership, and if you're in the position of being a leader, by not making the 5 mistakes above everyone will be better off. Good luck!
Follow Greer Wignall on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Greer_Wignall
More:

Former Bush lawyer: U.S. did not consider cumulative effects of enhanced interrogationBy Dan Lamothe December 12, 2014 Follow @danlamothe
The Bush administration lawyer who wrote the legal justification for the CIA’s use of harsh interrogation tactics against Al-Qaeda detainees said Friday they were used even though it wasn’t clear whether there would be lasting effects on individuals subjected to them.
John Yoo, the Deputy Assistant U.S. Attorney General early in the Bush administration, questioned the fairness of the newly released Senate Intelligence Committee report on the CIA’s interrogation program after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, but agreed with its finding that he and other administration officials did not know if so-called “enhanced interrogation techniques, including waterboarding,” would cause permanent damage to detainees.
“We did not examine this question of how long you could use the methods for, or what’s their cumulative effect,” Yoo said in an interview for C-SPAN’s ‘Newsmakers’ program that included Checkpoint and will air on television Sunday morning. “Quite frankly, we didn’t examine them at that time because in the rush of events, we were just focusing on one person, Abu Zubaida, and the use of these methods we hoped would be one or very few times.”
The detainee Yoo referenced was a test-case for the tactics used by the CIA , as the Senate report outlined. Zubaida was waterboarded dozens of times at a “black site” prison in Thailand beginning in August 2002, after being captured in Pakistan earlier that year. 
Some of the methods used by the CIA were adapted from U.S. military training, as Checkpoint noted earlier this week , One source was the U.S. Air Force Survival, Evasion, Resistance and Escape school, which is designed, in part, to prepare U.S. troops “for the conditions and treatment to which they might be subjected if taken prisoner by countries that do not adhere to the Geneva Conventions,” the report says.
The Navy also uses waterboarding in training, but only in a single training exercise. It did not have information about whether there would be any cumulative effect if done repeatedly, the report adds. The use of waterboarding has been widely condemned as torture, including by President Obama.
Yoo said the repeated use of techniques such as sleep deprivation or waterboarding could be considered torture, even if individual instances were not.
“Of course, if you didn’t let someone sleep for many, many days that would probably cross a line,” Yoo said. “It depends when, and a lot of this is factually dependent. It depends on the person.”
Yoo said that he began working on the question of what the CIA could do legally to extract information in March 2002, around the time Zubaida was captured. The Justice Department approved a list of interrogation techniques in in August 2002.
“We basically worked on this issue all the time, around the clock for all of those months,” Yoo said. “And even then, I would be the first to admit that I wish we had more time. I wish we’d have had more people and more time.”
Yoo is now a law professor at the University of California at Berkeley. Critics have tried to have him fired because of his involvement in enabling the CIA tactics, but he laughed it off on Friday when asked if he was concerned about his personal safety or terrorists.
“I don’t worry about it,” he said, “but maybe that’s because I’ve been living in Berkeley so long I’m used to being surrounded by a sea of Marxists.”
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Inside The Nightmare Of Being An NFL CheerleaderBuffalo Bills Cheerleaders' Routine: No Wages and No Respect
The New York Times
Updated:
12/12/2014  4:59 pm EST
TORONTO, ON - DECEMBER 1: Buffalo Bills cheerleaders the Jills perform as The Beach Boys play during halftime of an NFL game against the Atlanta Falcons at Rogers Centre on December 1, 2013 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.  (Photo by Tom Szczerbowski/Getty Images) | Tom Szczerbowski via Getty Images

SIT traces Rs 4 479 cr in Swiss banks  Rs 14 958 cr in IndiaSIT traces Rs 4,479 crore in Swiss banks, Rs 14,958 crore in India
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 13, 2014  | 12:19 IST
Photo: Reuters
In the first major disclosure on black money , 339 Indians have been found to have stashed Rs 4,479 crore in Swiss banks, while domestic unaccounted wealth to the tune of Rs 14,958 crore has been traced, even as the SIT recommended stringent measures to check the menace.
The Supreme Court-constituted SIT has recommended amendments to laws to provide for confiscation of domestic properties of those with illicit assets abroad and making tax evasion of over Rs 50 lakh a 'predicate offence' or a serious crime to facilitate necessary action under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).
The 13 recommendations made by the SIT also include imposing a threshold of Rs 10-15 lakh on holding and transporting cash to check the black money menace.
After probing into a list of 628 Indians, who figured on a list of account holders in HSBC's Geneva branch that India got from the French government, the Special Investigation Team (SIT) has said that prosecution has begun against 79 entities.
Out of these, no balance has been found in case of 289 accounts, according to a report of the SIT submitted to the court, portions of which were released by government on Friday.
"Out of the 628 persons, 201 are either non-residents or non-traceable, leaving 427 persons cases as actionable cases," an official statement said.
While the total amount involved in these cases is about Rs 4,479 crore, the Income Tax Department has finalised assessment for 79 entities involving 339 cases.
"An amount of Rs 2,926 crore has been brought to tax towards the undisclosed balances in the accounts relating to these persons," the statement said, adding that taxes along with interest at applicable rates have been levied.
While suggesting steps like curbs on cash transportation beyond a level and mandatory quoting of PAN for cash and cheque payments over Rs one lakh, the SIT has flagged off mining, ponzi schemes, iron ore exports, misuse of export- import route as major areas prone to black money transactions.
The issue of black money has been a major political issue in India, including in the last Lok Sabha polls.
Incidentally, today's disclosure comes at a time when Switzerland has indicted Herve Falciani, a former HSBC employee, who had leaked information related to thousands of bank account holders at its Geneva branch. He was charged yesterday by the Swiss authorities for 'industrial espionage, breach of trade and banking secrecy'.
The SIT also pointed out that 'Angadias', persons carry large amounts of cash while acting as 'money couriers' in Gujarat and Maharashtra especially, were playing a key role in transfer of unaccounted money.
The SIT said that the proposed curbs "would control holding of unaccounted money to a large extent".
"This would also control transfer of unaccounted cash from one destination to other, which at present is rampant, may be Angadias or by other means," it said.
The SIT has also suggested setting up of an institutional mechanism to examine mismatch between export/import data with corresponding data of other countries on a quarterly basis to unearth black money.
In case it is found that an individual or entity owns a property abroad in violation of the law, a provision should be made in the FEMA to provide for seizure and confiscation of property of equivalent value within the country.
It also recommended establishment of a central KYC (Know Your Customer) registry to deal with the problem of multiple identities of an individual in financial transactions.
The SIT, which comprises of former Supreme Court judges M B Shah and Arjit Pasayat, as also representatives from various investigative and enforcement agencies, cited the examples of European countries to say that there should be a limit on transportation and holding of cash, as per portions of the report released by the government today.
Also, the shipping bills should include the international market price of goods and machinery sought to be exported.
"This suggestion is under consideration and is likely to be implemented within short time," the SIT said.
Besides, there should be a dynamic interaction between different stakeholders like reporting entities, Financial Intelligence Unit and law enforcement authorities.
In cases where ED has attached a property and there are income tax dues to be collected, the SIT said that the former should be open to recovering dues from the attached property.
SIT said that at least five additional chief judicial magistrates courts should be set up in Mumbai to deal with 5000 pending IT prosecution cases.
Giving update on various cases of black money, the SIT said that Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) has furnished information in 31 cases of iron ore export, of which 11 parties have admitted to undervaluation and paid Rs 116.73 crore.
In other cases, show cause notices have been issued and action will be taken in accordance with law.
Besides, the Directorate of Enforcement is attaching property worth Rs 400 crore and has arrested a person in a case relating to mining in Odisha.
In Karnataka, three attachment orders have been passed for assets worth a total of Rs 995.97 crore.
In several cases in Goa and Jharkhand, preliminary scrutiny and investigation is in progress in connection with illegal mining.
The report also pointed out that the ED is facing difficulties in taking coercive action in ponzi chit-fund cases due to a stay order by Kolkata High Court.
In one case in Jharkhand, provisional attachment orders for properties worth Rs 452.43 crore were passed while Rs 884.13 crore worth of assets have been attached in another mining case in Karnataka.
In a similar case in Andhra Pradesh, Rs 1093.10 crore worth assets have been attached.

Thai AirAsia flight forced to return by unruly Chinese passengersSome AirAsia Flight QZ8501 victims found belted in seats
A low-cost flight carrying passengers from Thailand to China was forced to return to Bangkok after a Chinese passenger threw hot water at a cabin attendant, the airline said today.
Thai AirAsia Flight FD9101 departed Bangkok’s northern airport Don Mueang for Nanjing at 5:55 pm on Thursday with 174 passengers and six crew on board but was forced to turn back after one of the passengers attacked a steward.
“During the flight a Chinese female passenger was not satisfied with the service and when the cabin attendant came she threw hot water at the cabin attendant,” the airline said in statement.
An official said the woman and her travelling companion were initially angered at not being seated together. Other passengers moved seats allowing them to sit side by side but the pair started to argue with each other before the attack took place.
The captain of the flight, which was still in Thai airspace at the time, decided to return to Don Mueang where four Chinese passengers were ejected and detained at a police station.
The flight departed Don Mueang again at 10:45 pm on the same day and arrived in Nanjing Friday morning.
The airline official said police fined the Chinese passengers, adding that they left the country on Friday.
The cabin attendant received first aid on board from colleagues and was now fine, the official added.
China has seen rapid growth in outbound trips in recent years, and Chinese travellers are now the biggest source of international tourism cash in the world, according to a the United Nations World Tourism Organization.
But the behaviour of some Chinese tourists overseas has caused embarrassment at home.
In May 2013 a Chinese tourist was tracked down by furious netizens after it emerged he had defaced an ancient Egyptian monument.
The same month a top Chinese official said the dire manners and “uncivilised behaviour” of some Chinese tourists overseas were harming the country’s image.
Post Comments
More from industry

Occupational sitting among women linked to obesity: StudyBy: PTI | Washington |
Posted: December 13, 2014 5:06 pm | Updated: December 13, 2014 5:07 pm
Occupational sitting is associated with an increased likelihood of obesity among black women, independent of occupational and leisure time physical activity, according to a new study. Few studies have examined the association between occupational sitting and body mass index (BMI), particularly among diverse populations, said researchers from the Washington University in St Louis.
“The objective of this study was to quantify the association between self-reported occupational sitting time
and BMI by gender and race, independent of time spent in physical activity outside of work,” said lead author Lin Yang, postdoctoral research associate at the Prevention Research Center, a collaboration between the School of Medicine, the Brown School and the Saint Louis University School of Public Health.
“To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to examine differences in the association between occupational
sitting and weight status among African American women and white women,” Yang said. In 2012 and 2013, participants residing in four Missouri metropolitan areas were interviewed via telephone. The interview included questions on socio-demographic characteristics and time spent sitting at work. The researchers examined the association between occupational sitting and BMI between men and women and between black and white women.
They found that average daily time spent by both men and women in occupational sitting was between three and six hours. Most participants in the study were overweight or obese. “After adjusting for potential con founders, we found that African-American women in three categories of sitting time (31-180 minutes, 181-360 minutes, and more than 360 minutes) were approximately and consistently 2.5 times as likely to be obese as African-American women who reported sitting for 30 minutes or less, independent of occupational and leisure-time physical activity,” the researchers said.
This association was not seen among white women and no significant associations were found among men. “The lack of association between occupational sitting and weight status among men might be explained by the differences between men and women in physical activity preferences,” the researchers said.”Men are more active in leisure-time physical activity than women and women tend to do less vigorous and more moderate activity compared with men,” they said.
The results of the study were published in the journal Preventing Chronic Disease.

The Newsroom series finale: How did it all endBy Emily Yahr December 14, 2014 Follow @emilyyahr
Jeff Daniels on “The Newsroom.” (Melissa Moseley/HBO via AP)
Everyone lived happily ever after.
That’s the gist of “The Newsroom” series finale, which aired on HBO Sunday night after a tumultuous three seasons of existence. If you didn’t watch, or simply gave up after last week’s controversial ending (which also saw the death of news director/bow tie lover Charlie Skinner), here’s where everyone ended up in Aaron Sorkin’s fantasy journalism world:
ACN’s new owner, the evil Pruitt, isn’t going to destroy the network.
B.J. Novak played the evil Lucas Pruitt, who wanted ACN’s Web site to get traffic by publishing articles like “The 9 Most Overrated Movies of All Time.” Naturally, that was met with horror by the ACN staff, who battled Pruitt’s crazy “new age” ideas at every turn. But former ACN owner Leona Lansing took Pruitt aside during Charlie Skinner’s funeral (where half of the finale took place) and reminded him about a recent, very unflattering article detailing how Pruitt had a history of paying his female employees less than their male counterparts. And there was another story floating around online about how Pruitt hired strippers for his 35th birthday party.
Eventually, this all led to Pruitt hiring none other than Mackenzie McHale to take over for Charlie as news director and president of ACN. Was Mac mad that it probably happened because Pruitt needed to improve his reputation and promote a woman to a high-profile position? Sure, but it doesn’t really matter: Now, she’s in a position to control the network. Or at least be a worthy nemesis with Pruitt since he’ll disagree with her constantly. Don’t you wish there was a fourth season to watch even more arguments play out?
Speaking of Mac, she’s pregnant.
That’s right — Will McAvoy and Mac, newlyweds, will welcome a baby in about seven months. Will discovered the news and lost his mind, unsure if Mac was even allowed to be standing up or outside given that she’s pregnant. Eventually, he chilled out (a little) and even managed to get over a few of his father issues in the process. At least, we think that was why he had a jam session in the garage with Charlie’s grandkids at the wake.
Will’s going to be okay.
We flash back to when the series started, with Will as the bland “News Night” anchor on a solidly-rated newscast who cared way too much about being likable. Then he publicly melted down at Northwestern after a student stood up during a panel and asked him why America is the greatest country in the world. Now, Will doesn’t care what anyone thinks and only wants to report news that he decides matters.
Throughout the finale, we were taken through flashbacks of everything that led up to Will’s meltdown moment, starting in 2010. Clearly, he had lost his way as a news anchor at some point, doing fluff pieces about the weather and never asking any tough followup questions for his guests. Then, during one of his old broadcasts, he interviewed Kiefer Sutherland about the series finale of “24.” That was the last straw for Charlie. He tracked down Mac, who incidentally was living out her days of unemployment (let go by CNN after serving as a foreign news correspondent in Afghanistan) by day drinking at a bowling alley. Anyway, Charlie begged her to become the new executive producer of “News Night.” Yes, even though she and Will had some bad relationship history, they made a dynamic duo when she was his producer in the past.
So that’s how Mac wound up at ACN, thanks to Charlie’s impassioned speech about how at one point, people didn’t treat journalism as a career but as a calling. And she dragged Jim Harper along with her so they could produce a show about things that actually mattered without caring about the ratings. Fast forward a couple years, and Will’s broadcast is firmly in last place — and he’s fine with it, because he’s reporting on what he deems is important. (And that does not include Kiefer Sutherland!)
Another important piece of flashback information: Turns out that when Mac went to Will’s Northwestern panel all those years ago, she bumped into the “sorority girl” ahead of time and knew that she was going to ask Will the fateful question about America. So that’s why Mac had those signs ready to go in the audience: One that said “It’s not” and another one that said “But it can be.” Of course, that motivated Will to go on his famous rant. It wasn’t a hallucination after all! And his new “hard-news only” persona is all because of Mac.
Jim and Maggie are also going to be okay. 
“News Night’s” second-most dysfunctional couple realized that New York City and Washington, D.C., are only four hours away from each other. So even though Jim was promoted to executive producer of “News Night” and Maggie has an interview to be a field producer in D.C., they can still make it work.
Don and Sloan? The jury’s out.
In a classic Sorkin moment, Sloan and Don had a near-miss three years ago: They got into a fight when Will stole one of Sloan’s guests and then only asked him softball questions. After their argument, sparks flew — but when Sloan went to go ask him out, she saw him kissing Maggie. Oh, if only they knew what the future held.
No one is really responsible for killing Charlie.
Even though multiple “News Night” staffers blamed themselves for making Charlie so angry that he had a heart attack, Will assured everybody that no one was at fault. Charlie died doing what he loved: Trying to make people care about news that mattered. In another Classic Sorkin line, Will said, “His religion was decency, and he spent a lifetime fighting his enemies.”
Emily Yahr covers pop culture and entertainment for the Post. Follow her on Twitter @EmilyYahr .

Bold and Flamboyant  Diandra Soares evicted from Bigg Boss8By: Entertainment Feature Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 15, 2014 9:38 am
The one contestant in the Bigg Boss house who was loved for her eccentricity, Diandra Soares, bids adieu to Bigg Boss this week. After a journey of thirteen dramatic weeks, Diandra’s journey came to an end as she received the lowest number of votes for the week.
Diandra entered the show with her loud yet charming personality with the promise of showcasing her true side as she lived with contestants from varied backgrounds. Going into the house with the aim to bring in the nuclear face of the 21st century woman, Diandra was clearly the most extravagant member in the house. Her love for fashion proved to be a boon for other housemates and soon Diandra emerged as single most fashionable person inside the house. Be it her ever changing hair colour and style, her versatile head gear or her uber stylish dressing sense, Diandra was undoubtedly the eye candy on the show.
At no point in the game did Diandra try to hide her emotions thanks to which she earned the title of one of the strongest person inside the Bigg Boss house from host Salman Khan himself.
Ever since she first set foot in the Bigg Boss house, Diandra found strong allies in Karishma and Upen who were her closest friends that stood by her side regardless of their difference in opinions. While she cemented her friendship with Karishma and Upen, Diandra also resurrected her friendship with Gautam Gulati which soon converted into a strong attraction.
Diandra’s journey in the house, though tumultuous, was filled with some shock-inducing moments. Her bold outlook towards life and non-mincing of words not only led to her romantic link-up with Gautam and their infamous escapades in the washroom, but also some emotional outbursts and strong stands when their relationship fell apart.
Even though Diandra’s interesting stay in the Bigg Boss house has been cut short by her shocking eviction, she has certainly made her mark in the minds of all the housemates and the audience. We wish her luck… Her vivacious avatar will definitely be missed!

Miss World 2014: Aishwarya Rai Bachchan felicitated for her commitment to beauty with apurposeBy: Indo-Asian News Service | London |
Posted: December 15, 2014 9:32 am | Updated: December 15, 2014 6:28 pm
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan was on Sunday (December 14) felicitated by the Miss World Organisation at the 64th edition of the international beauty pageant for her commitment to “beauty with a purpose” since winning the crown two decades ago.
Described as embodiment of beauty with purpose, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan is also seen as the most successful Miss World so far, a title that she won in 1994.
“I stand here overwhelmed by this honour. I thank Miss World Organization for such an incredible honour that I have received…” she said in her acceptance speech.
“To have the opportunity to hold the title, to wear the crown with pride… that was my one time to go out there and experience beauty with a purpose…,” said Aishwarya looking gorgeous in a shimmery gown.
The 41-year-old was accompanied by her mother Vrinda, husband and actor Abhishek Bachchan and three-year-old daughter Aaradhya on the stage.
Having starred in movies like “Devdas” and “Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam”, she is now a regular at the prestigious Cannes film festival.
Meanwhile, Koyal Rana, India’s representative at the Miss World this year, could only make it to the top 10. The crown went to Miss South Africa.

#Express5: Babri demolition was Hindu unity show: Adityanath; 30 crore cattle  where are IndiasvetsBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 15, 2014 8:53 am | Updated: December 15, 2014 9:27 am
 
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day
 
1. BABRI DEMOLATION
 
Batting for the ‘ghar wapsi’ campaign of the RSS and its affiliates, BJP MP Yogi Adityanath on Sunday urged the Centre not to intervene “if Hindus who were forcibly converted want to become Hindus again”.
2. CATTLE HEALTH AT RISK
 
About five years ago, Hatsun Agro Product Ltd employed 85 veterinary doctors. Today, that number stands at 40. “Vets aren’t easy to get these days. Even the ones who come rarely stick around for long,” complains R G Chandramogan.
30 crore cattle and rising, but where are the country’s vets? by Harish Damodaran
3. MANN KI BAAT
Linking the money involved in the drug business to terrorism, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday asked drug users to think of the possibility of money they spend on drugs eventually financing the bullets that kill the country’s security personnel.
Mann ki Baat: Drugs are not ‘cool’, Modi tells youth as reported by Express News Service
4. OPINION
The Union government has decided to decriminalise suicide. A funny interpretation could well be that the Modi government can now commit hara kiri with impunity. But it should be noted that the cases under Section 309, which criminalises suicide, are haphazard, often concealing abetment to murder.
309 reasons why writes Rajeev Dhavan
5. SPORTS
It’s a conundrum as baffling as the trend of off-spinners becoming the new nemesis for Indian batsmen outside the subcontinent. If in England it was Mooen Ali, who ran amok, Nathan Lyon etched himself into the history books on Saturday by becoming the first finger-spinner since Allan Border to take a 10-wicket match haul in Australia for 25 years.

Govt told tribunal LTTE still wants greater Tamil NaduWritten by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 15, 2014 3:20 am | Updated: December 15, 2014 10:15 am
While seeking to extend the ban on the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), the Centre and the Tamil Nadu government told a tribunal that the banned outfit nurtures an idea of “greater Tamil Nadu, which includes the state of Tamil Nadu, part of Kerala, part of Karnataka, part of Andhra Pradesh and northeastern provinces of Sri Lanka”.
The tribunal was also told that an offshoot of the banned terrorist outfit carried out a blast outside the home of former UPA minister P Chidambaram and tried to target the home of V Narayanasamy in Tamil Nadu.
The Delhi High Court tribunal was set up earlier this year to review whether the ban on LTTE should be renewed for another five years. On November 20, the tribunal, headed by Justice G P Mittal, upheld the Home Ministry’s notification to declare the LTTE as an “unlawful organisation” for the next five years.
MDMK chief Vaiko, who walked out of the NDA recently, had argued against the government’s decision to extend the ban.
To support its claim that LTTE posed a danger to India, the state government said that in March this year, two members of the Tamil National Liberation Army — said to have close ties with the LTTE — blasted an iron pipe bomb near Chidambaram’s residence in Tamil Nadu and threw pamphlets to support the ideology of their founder-leader, the late Tamilarasan. A similar pipe bomb was found outside the residence of former UPA minister Narayanasamy.
As per the tribunal’s order, the Tamil Nadu government had said, “The LTTE, even after its military defeat in May 2009 in Sri Lanka, has not abandoned the concept of separate nation for Tamils… Lifting of the ban on LTTE would imply allowing a deadly foreign terrorist organisation to operate from India… giving a psychological boost to LTTE as well as the secessionist Tamil forces in India.” The state added that after the ban on LTTE in 2012, as many as five new cases had been registered against the outfit.
The MHA also said LTTE has links to other anti-national organisations, like the UK chapter of Jammu Kashmir Liberation Front, Kesari Lehat Movement, Sikh Activist Network, etc.

Enough! No more!: Ghani on terror attacksBy: Associated Press | Kabul |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:11 pm
Defying insurgents, Afghan President Ashraf Ghani on on Deecmber 14 condemned the wave of militant attacks striking his country ahead of the withdrawal of most foreign troops, vowing: “We will never surrender.”
In a televised speech, Ghani called on all religious, political and social leaders to condemn the violence. At one point, he even shouted: “Enough! No more!”
“This is unacceptable, it is un-Islamic, it is inhuman,” he said, referring the death of a university student in an attack targeting parliamentarian Shukria Barakzai and the suicide bombing of a volleyball tournament that killed about 50 people in November.
Ghani’s words come just two weeks ahead of the withdrawal of most international combat troops, 13 years after the U.S.-led invasion following the September 11 terror attacks removed the Taliban from power.
Ahead of the pullout, Taliban insurgents have launched a series of high-profile attacks across the country, including those targeting foreigners in the capital, Kabul. On December 13 alone, insurgents killed at least 19 people, including 12 clearing land mines in the country’s south and a senior official of the country’s Supreme Court shot dead outside his home in Kabul.
Ghani has made few public remarks about the violence that has intensified since he took office in September, though regularly visits victims of attacks in the hospital and at their homes.
In his speech on December 14, Ghani offered no specifics about his plans to combat the surging insurgents. His administration has embarked on a top-to-bottom review of the country’s military and security strategy, promising to remove provincial governors and other security officials. His foreign policy aims to pressure Pakistan into halting cross-border attacks by the Taliban and the Haqqani network.
The uptick in Taliban attacks comes after Ghani signed a bilateral security agreement with Washington and a status of forces agreement with NATO that his predecessor Hamid Karzai declined to sign. U.S. President Barack Obama also has approved an expanded combat mission authorizing American troops to engage Taliban insurgents, not just al-Qaida, and to provide air support when needed.

Ranji Trophy: Bengal  Uttar Pradesh start campaign positivelyBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 14, 2014 6:19 pm | Updated: December 14, 2014 7:17 pm
Bengal pacer Ashok Dinda intimidated the batsmen with a four-wicket burst before Karnataka staged a recovery to be 237/7 on a curtailed day 1 of their Group A Ranji Trophy fixture at the Eden Gardens.
Dinda (4/50) and Veer Pratap Singh (3/45) utilised the early morning moisture and light breeze to perfection as they reduced Karnataka to 69/5 with a fine display of seam bowling after Laxmi Ratan Shukla put the visitors in.
But the duo did not get enough support from veteran Shib Shankar Paul as Karnataka turned it around with an attacking 81-ball 63 from CM Gautam.
Captain R Vinay Kumar remained unbeaten on 42 with leg spinner Shreyas Gopal giving support on 27 when bad light stopped play at 3pm with only 66 overs bowled in the day.
Fresh from his 94 in their big win over Tamil Nadu, Gautam hit 11 fours and one six in his impressive innings in a 64-run partnership with Binny, who was dismissed at the stroke of lunch that yielded six wickets.
Gautam however could not make it big as his innings was cut short when Veer Pratap’s delivery nipped back to take a thick edge to Subhajit Banerjee at gully.
The wicket also eased up and Vinay Kumar and Gopal looked untroubled in their undefeated 59-run partnership when the day’s proceeding was cut short with 24 overs in arrears.
Earlier, Dinda showed why is he a threat in the domestic circuit as his two wickets from two overs reduced Karnakata to 9/2.
Robin Uthappa was beaten by a beautiful away going delivery to be dismissed for a second-ball duck while Mayank Agarwal (5) got a thin edge in Dinda’s second over.
A pumped-up Dinda was however let down by his experienced new-ball partner Shib Shankar Paul.
Paul did not have pace or movement in his uninspiring spell and it seemed it was a bad selection to pick him ahead of Saurav Sarkar.
Skipper Shukla finally realised it was time to hand the ball to Veer Pratap and the young quick returned with the scalp of Karun Nair in his very first over.
It was a treat to watch Dinda going full throttle in his first spell (7-3-19-3) as the ball did everything and the star-studded Karnataka top order had no answer.
Reduced to 69/5, Stuart Binny (37) counter-attacked before becoming Dinda’s fourth victim in a rather soft manner when he gave a straight catch to the pacer.
Brief Scores: Karnataka: 237/7; 66 overs (C M Gautam 63, R Vinay Kumar 42 batting, Shreyas Gopal 27 batting; Ashok Dinda 4/50, Veer Pratap Singh 3/45) v Bengal. Match to continue.
Rangarajan’s 93 helps Tamil Nadu post 254
Off-spinner Malolan Rangarajan scored a quickfire 93 to help Tamil Nadu reach a first innings total of continued…

Maruti  Honda & Toyota to increase car price...Looking to buy a new car next year? Maruti, Hyundai, Honda and Toyota set to increase car prices in January
By Chanchal Pal Chauhan , ET Bureau | 15 Dec, 2014, 06.27AM IST
There is also much pressure on financials from consumer promotions that have peaked in terms of direct cash discounts and other benefit.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: If you are looking to buy a new car next year, be ready to pay a little bit extra. Auto manufacturers are set to increase prices in January, blaming it on rising costs. This hike, likely to be across the sector, is coming after a long gap when weak sales prevented companies from raising prices. Though the market uncertainty remains, automakers say they can't afford to keep prices unchanged as rising expenses and deep discounts are badly denting profitability.
Maruti Suzuki will increase prices after 14 months, the longest in the history of the nation's largest carmaker by sales. The local unit of Hyundai is set to announce price increase as early as Monday and Honda and Toyota are in the process of deciding price hikes, say executives in these companies. While Maruti, Hyundai, Honda and Toyota are the better performing auto makers in the Indian market , others too are considering increasing prices. Mahindra & Mahindra, the largest utility vehicle maker, has already hiked prices.
"Despite the sluggish market conditions, we would be increasing prices from January to offset the rising raw material costs and the impact of strong dollar rate against the rupee as we have high imports of material like steel and other alloys," saidRakesh Srivastava, Hyundai Motor India senior vice-president for marketing and sales. The unit of the Korean carmaker is likely to increase prices by Rs 5,000-25,000.
There is also much pressure on financials from consumer promotions that have peaked in terms of direct cash discounts and other benefits in recent months to push sales after the lackluster festive season, Srivastava said. Maruti executive director for marketing and sales RS Kalsi said the company is working on the quantum of hike.
"We have last hiked prices in late 2013 and the increase in (cost of) several commodities has forced us to make this unavoidable across-theboard hike from next month," he told ET.
Auto sales fell in the last two fiscal years through March 2014. Fiscal 2015 has also not been good, though it had a promising start. Between April and November, passenger vehicle sales declined in three months and increased in single digit in five — overall, sales rose 2.68% during this period.
One of the reasons that kept auto makers from raising prices was a 4-6% cut in excise duty announced in February. It was initially valid until end-June but was extended through December. If the government doesn't further extend this stimulus, the cost for customers would go much higher than what the companies are considering now — from Rs 25,000 to as much as Rs 5 lakh for imported luxury brands. The industry has been demanding extension of the duty benefit.
"Many carmakers would be hiking prices to sustain operations and maintain financial viability. Already profits are under strain due to sluggish demand that has kept capacity utiltisation at a three-year low," said an industry veteran preferring not to be named. "Manufacturers would be forced to increase prices or cut production that would lead to job losses and other harsher measures to keep operations going."

Indians lacked decisive footworkUpdated: December 15, 2014 02:05 IST
Indians lacked decisive footwork
STERLING EXAMPLE: Indian batsmen would do well to emulate the likes of former Australian batsman Damien Martyn (in pic) who displayed wonderful poise and intelligence in tackling quality spin under challenging circumstances. File photo
TOPICS
Leaving aside the emotions of the moment, it would have made a huge difference for India to have gone into the second Test at the Gabba 0-0 than 1-0 down.
At the end of the day, the nature of the result matters.
When a victory, despite a brave effort, cannot be achieved, a draw would have been a fair verdict. That India lost eight wickets in the session after tea on day five was very disappointing. Much of the Indian chase might have been heroic but it still was a tame capitulation towards the end.
Stand-in captain Virat Kohli pulled off a sensational innings, Murali Vijay, technically well-equipped, fought hard but where were the contributions from the others?
Let’s get the fact straight. The fifth day surface at the Adelaide Oval was no mine-field. It had a rough, a few footmarks but at no stage was unplayable.
Nathan Lyon got a few deliveries to turn and bounce sharply but the Indian batsmen, save Kohli and Vijay, brought up on the sub-continental tracks, should have been able to cope with them better.
Apart from two deliveries — Ajinkya Rahane received one that rose from a length in the first innings and Kohli, playing back, survived a grubber with an element of luck on the final day — the other balls in the Test could have been negotiated had the batsmen displayed the technique and the resolve.
But then, the Indian batsmen have made it a habit of creating spin bowling match-winners for other teams; whether non-specialist off-spinner Moeen Ali for England or the improving Lyon for Australia.
If you come to think of it, India might not come across a better track than the one in Adelaide — very sub-continental in nature — to seal a win.
The side chose the wrong spinner for the Test — Karn Sharma was a disappointment — and then succumbed to Lyon’s spin when it mattered most.
Hard and bouncy
The surface for the second Test at the Gabba is bound to be hard and bouncy and the rain and cloud-cover forecast before and during the Test might make things harder for the Indian batsmen.
The heart of the matter is that the present Indian international batsmen hardly play adequate domestic cricket and are becoming increasingly vulnerable to spin.
The deliveries ‘above the eye-line’ that dipped — there were so many of them bowled by Lyon — demanded decisive footwork. Kohli displayed it, often going back, gauging the extent of turn and playing the ball late. Stepping forward judiciously — not a bad option since DRS is not in use in this series — or using the depth of the crease to shorten the length are much better options that prodding forward tentatively like Cheteshwar Pujara and Rohit Sharma did or padding up.
Some of the past masters of spin in the Indian line-up would, if the surface demanded, move forward without committing themselves and then play the ball late. Once the batsman picks the length and the extent of spin on the ball, he has the option of shifting his weight back if there is a need.
In fact, there was an exceptional example of batsmanship against quality spin by Australia’s Damien Martyn — he was facing off with Anil Kumble and Harbhajan Singh — in the Chennai Test of 2004.
On a surface where Kumble inflicted considerable damage on day one, Martyn batted with wonderful poise and intelligence on the fourth day. The Aussie took an off-stump guard, played back and back, travelling deep into his crease and met the ball late. This forced the Indian spinners to change their length, bowl fuller, and the Aussie cashed in. It was as much a battle of the mind as skill.
On the decisive Saturday here, India desperately missed skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni who is an exceptional player of off-spin. It was he who dismantled the threatening Lyon in the Chennai Test of 2013.
The less said about the contribution of the Indian lower-order in the Test the better. R. Ashwin would have been valuable down the order for India.
The fact of the matter is several modern-day India cricketers, with a few exceptions, find it hard to survive when the conditions become even slightly demanding for batting.
Not many of them understand the importance of playing for a draw — with a tight defensive technique — when the chances of a win diminish. Do they, actually, comprehend those methods?

Westwood early favourite for National coachs jobUpdated: December 15, 2014 02:08 IST
Westwood early favourite for National coach’s job
Ayon Sengupta
soccer
The All India Football Federation’s technical, coaching and development committee headed by Baichung Bhutia will meet in Mumbai on December 21 to choose the next senior national coach.
Several coaches from across the world, including a few high profile candidates, have expressed interest, but the AIFF is looking for someone with experience in the country.
Rickie Herbert (NorthEast United FC), Trevor Morgan (Kerala Blasters) and Ashley Westwood (Bengaluru FC) are said to be in the running.
Westwood, a Manchester United academy product, who guided the Bangalore-based team to the I-League title in its maiden season, looks the early favourite.
A federation official ruled out the appointment of Brazilian legend Zico, saying, “it will be near impossible for the federation to afford such high profile names.”
AIFF secretary Kushal Das spoke of the importance of the coach hitting the ground running.
“The coach needs to have a good understanding of Indian football and should know the players. A new coach, without prior experience of Indian football, will take months to understand the system and identify the players. We have both World Cup and Olympic qualifiers next year. So, I don’t think we can give the coach a long time to settle in,” Das said.
The AIFF wants to finalise the appointment before the start of the Federation Cup on December 28, giving the new appointee a chance to follow the action in Goa.
Committee member and Mizoram Football Association secretary Lalnghinglova Hmar echoed Das’s view. “We will not be swayed by names,” he told The Hindu. “Ideally, we would want to interact with the shortlisted candidates and listen to their ideas. But the limited time might be a hindrance.”
The committee is also expected to pick a coach for the junior national squad to be in charge of the team at least till the FIFA under-17 World Cup in 2017.
Germans Bernhard Lippert and Nicolai Adam and Dutchman Wim van Zwam are in contention.

Banking on screenplayUpdated: December 14, 2014 19:06 IST
Banking on screenplay
Telugu cinema
Director Kanmani is confident ‘Beeruva’ will deliver on the strength of its entertainment-based script
Director Kanmani who came up with the critically acclaimed Na Oopiri followed it up with a couple of inane movies but now he is heading towards releasing a winning script in Beeruva. He had been concentrating on emotion-based and experimental subjects but after the debacle of his previous films, he switched genres.
He elaborates, “I have now decided to come up with an entertainment-based script and kept all the subjects that were close to my heart aside. I resolved not to do anything regular and then came up with Beeruva. All my friends keep saying that I have a great sense of humour, so why don't I apply that in cinema? . Humour had always been a part of me, I just changed the script. It is a subject based on love and I narrated it in a full length entertainer. It is fresh and also has a new screenplay; I made sure that nothing routine or regular surfaces.”
In all love stories there is a point of conflict and how it is resolved becomes the complete story.
Here the beeruva (cupboard) plays an integral role in the story and brings a difference to the screenplay. The director says they had debated the title of Beeruva, even considered an alternative title but were not satisfied. They decided to retain Beeruva as it sounded new and made everyone curious. The cupboard becomes the hero's friend right from his childhood. If anyone has a problem, they normally discuss it with a friend, here the beeruva lends a helping hand to Sundeep Kishan. How he makes his love a success by utilising the beeruva is the story. There is no separate comedy track; it is just situational comedy.”
He adds, “It is a big project with collaboration from Usha Kiron Movies and Anandi Arts production houses, as well as a host of well known senior technicians like Chota K Naidu, Gautam Raju, Thaman etc.”
The director recollects narrating the story first to writer Velligonda Srinivas and how excited the latter's response was on hearing it over the phone.
“The writer moved my script to Anandi Arts immediately and I was already in touch with Usha Kiron people and finally both the banners got together to produce this movie. Velligonda wrote the dialogues and I am surprised a positive word has already spread in the industry; the audience is already expecting something new.
The moment the script was okayed, they roped in Sundeep Kishan and Surabhi. Sundeep Kishan was selected because he had already worked in Anandi Arts’ Venkatadri Express and the character in Beeruva required someone who can look mischievous and have an energetic body language.
The director adds, “Usually entertainment based movies don’t look rich, but Chota K Naidu made the film look so good.
The film has been shot in Hyderabad, Vizag and Araku.”

Aligarh bans conversions on Christmas  Sangh affiliate unfazedComments
Aligarh is set to witness a confrontation on Christmas with the administration saying it won't allow any conversion programme that day and Sangh Parivar affiliates insisting nothing can stop a 'ghar-wapsi' (homecoming) event.
Ajju Chauhan, co-convenor of the Bajrang Dal in UP, was at the forefront of the Agra conversion. He has now announced a 'Beti bachao bahu lao' campaign. (HT Photo)
Mohit Agarwal, Aligarh range DIG, held a meeting of senior superintendents of police of four districts in the range on Sunday, instructing them not to give permission for any conversion programme.
The meeting was also aimed at reviewing their intelligence set-ups and identify and act against organisations as well as individuals engaged in persuading people to convert.
The DIG said section 144 had been imposed and under that no such programme could be held. "If any organisation tries to break the law, we will deal with them sternly."
40 Muslim families converted by Yogi’s outfit 4 months ago still live in margins
But an undeterred Balraj Doongar, the Bajrang Dal's Uttar Pradesh convenor, said, "The UP government had imposed section 144 before the Muzaffarnagar riots too, but a mahapanchayat was still held. When there are more than 144 people who come together, section 144 becomes meaningless. Hindu society has woken up, and we will hold the programme, come what may."
Doongar is accused of being involved in the 2013 Muzaffarnagar riots that left more than 60 dead and displaced nearly 50,000 people. He was among the first vocal proponents of the 'love jehad' theory in western UP. The Bajrang Dal leader has 15 cases against him, which he calls 'fake'.
From this man comes a staunch defence of the Narendra Modi government, and a commitment that the Aligarh 'ghar-wapsi' (homecoming) programme will take place.
And while the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is careful in maintaining distance after the alleged forced conversion of around 300 Muslims to Hinduism in Agra triggered an uproar in Parliament and drew widespread condemnation from Islamic organisations, there are many in the party who support such events.
"Conversions have happened when Hindus, under the threat of the gun, moved to Islam. Now our brothers and sisters want to come back," Doongar told HT over phone from Meerut.
Stressing that the fresh conversions are voluntary -- a stand reiterated by the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) affiliate after the Agra controversy, Doongar said, "Islam is like a jail; you think women want to be in burqas? They want to unchain themselves and since we believe in atithi devo bhava (guests are gods), we will welcome them back."
Doongar's claims, however, are not in sync with the facts on the ground.
Both in Agra and Aligarh, Hindutva activists are believed to be carefully identifying people before conversion events and investing money in bringing them to the Hindu fold.
This came out in the open when a letter written by a Dharma Jagran Manch functionary seeking donation for the cause became public last week.
The Dharma Jagaran Manch is another RSS affiliate and allegedly behind the Agra 'conversions' along with the Bajrang Dal. 
The undated letter issued by Rajeshwar Singh, the unit’s kshetra pramukh, claims the ‘homecoming’ exercise has brought back to Hinduism 40,000 people in 20 districts, including 2,000 Muslims, and talks about its aim to ‘reconvert’ one lakh people in 2014.
The letter has also asked for donations of Rs. 2 lakh to ‘reconvert’ Christians and Rs. 5 lakh for Muslims, explaining that expenses are incurred in such exercises.
But that does not deter the Bajrang Dal. They have other plans.
Ajju Chauhan, who was at the forefront of the Agra 'conversion' episode and is the co-convenor of the organisation, told HT that they were now launching a new campaign: 'Beti bachao, bahu lao (save the daughter, bring a daughter-in-law)'.
Since the Sangh-affiliated outfits claim that Hindu women are 'trapped' by Muslim men, they now want to turn the tables.
When asked if they would welcome Muslim women to Hindu homes, Chauhan said, "Yes, get them and make them Hindus."
Doongar and Chauhan's statements and actions may appear to be that of a fringe group within the Sangh, but their proximity to the BJP is hard to miss.
Doongar praises the Modi government for "bringing down prices, showing China and US their places". When asked if Hindutva issues were being addressed, he said, "It is not a light bulb one can switch on and off. The government is on track and will address all issues."
Others in the group are confident that it is only a matter of time before the ruling Samajwadi Party (SP) is ousted and the BJP returns to power in UP in the 2017 assembly elections.
The BJP, however, officially has nothing to do with their statements or the upcoming Aligarh event.
The party MP from the city, Satish Gautam, told HT, "RSS is a different outfit, BJP is a different outfit. Arya Samaj and Dharma Jagran Manch are different. We have nothing to do with the event on 25th (of December)."
But Gautam added they would object if the SP government disallowed it.
"Ghar-wapsi events have happened in the past as well. They take place in a big public park, with a havan. I don't know why it has been made an issue this time. If the SP wants to draw political mileage out of this, it is very wrong."
Another party leader said all activities that 'awaken the Hindu consciousness' were good for the 'society and the party'.

Delhi: Drunk driver kills 2 cops  injures anotherComments
Two policemen were killed and another was critically injured when a speeding Maruti Eeco car rammed a police picket near Jaitpur on the Delhi-Noida border early on Sunday morning.
The policemen were dragged nearly 30 feet before the car came to a halt. Sources said the driver, cabbie for a Noida-based BPO firm, was in a highly inebriated condition. He was arrested.
Police said the incident occurred around 12:30am when the personnel posted at the picket tried to stop the speeding car which was travelling towards Delhi from Noida via the Mahamaya flyover. “The pickets were in a zigzag formation. While one policeman was in front of the first barricade, two were behind it. After impact, the driver did not stop the car and continued to drag the three policemen before the barricades came under the wheels, bringing the vehicle to a halt,” said a police official.
Assistant Sub-inspector Nagender Singh, 52, and constable Sawarkar Pralhad Ramao, 41, died at the hospital while head constable Kaptaan Singh, 52, was said to be critical. Sources said the driver was identified as 39-year-old Hemant Kumar.
“He was so drunk that he couldn’t even get out of the car. We also found a bottle of rum in the vehicle,” said a senior police official.

UPDATE 1-Brent recovers more than $1  hits $62.95 on strong data hopesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rupee opens flat at 62.51Rupee ends at 11 month low of 62.94 a dollar
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 15:  
he rupee slipped to an 11-month low of 62.94 against the dollar on Monday due to heavy dollar demand and capital outflows from the domestic equity markets.
The rupee fell to its lowest since January 27 this year marking the sharpest intra-day fall of 50 paise since August last year.
The domestic unit had closed at 62.29 on Friday. Monday, it opened at 62.51 per dollar weighed by the negative IIP growth data released on Friday post market hours. It gained a tad to 62.45 but declined sharply to 62.95 in the late trading session.
Heavy dollar demand from oil marketing companies and sell-off by foreign investors booking profits as the accounting year comes to a close, a dealer said.
Weak global economic scenario and weaker domestic growth data is likely to weigh on the rupee.
Call Rates, G-sec yields end flat
The overnight call money rates, the interest rates at which banks borrow from each other to overcome liquidity mismatches, ended flat from the previous close of 8 per cent on Friday. Intra-day, it moved in the previously traded range of 7.50 per cent and 8.40 per cent.
The 10-year benchmark government security (8.40 per cent G-Sec, maturing in 2024) yield ended flat from Friday’s close of 7.83 per cent, which was at a 1-year low. The prices ended almost flat at Rs 103.76 from Rs 103.78.
(This article was published on December 15, 2014)
Related

Japans Abe re-elected in low-turnout pollsJapan’s Abe re-elected in low-turnout polls
PTI
Reuters Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (file photo)
Tokyo, Dec 14:  
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe won re-election today in a snap poll he had billed as a referendum on his economic policies, but a record low voter turnout threatened to cloud any mandate.
Despite only around half of voters casting a ballot, the conservative Abe claimed popular endorsement for his mix of nationalism and “Abenomics” — a signature plan to fix the country’s flaccid economy that enjoyed early success but faded into a recession.
“The ruling coalition has been given a majority,” Abe told a television interviewer. “We humbly want to meet the public’s expectations.
“I think we received people’s mandate for the Abe government’s performance in the past two years. But we must not be complacent and must carefully explain to the public when implementing policies,” Abe told TBS.
Media exit polls showed his ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and its junior partner Komeito had swept the ballot, with an unassailable two—thirds majority in the lower house of parliament, giving them the power to override the upper chamber.
TV Asahi said the pairing had won 333 of the 475 seats, while TBS put the figure at 328.
Washington was among the first to welcome Abe’s victory, hailing his “strong leadership on a wide range of regional and global issues” from Ebola to the fight against the Islamic State group.
“The US-Japan alliance is the cornerstone of peace and prosperity in the Asia-Pacific,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said in a statement.
Abe, 60, was only halfway through his four-year term when he called the vote last month.
The first two of his “three arrows” of Abenomics — monetary easing and fiscal stimulus — have largely hit their targets; the once-painfully high yen has plunged, giving exporters a boost, and stocks have rocketed.
Prices have also begun rising after years of treading water — proof, says Abe, that this is the beginning of a virtuous circle of economic growth, with higher wages soon to follow.
However a sales tax rise in April snuffed out consumer spending, sending Japan into the two negative quarters of growth that make a recession.
Economists say more important than the sugar rush offered by easy money and government spending is structural reform of Japan’s highly-regulated and protected economy — the third arrow of Abenomics.
(This article was published on December 15, 2014)
Related

Brent crude recovers after hitting 5-1/2-year low of $60.3Brent crude recovers after hitting 5-1/2-year low of $60.3
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Dec 15:  
Oil prices bounced back more than a dollar on Monday, after hitting 5-1/2-year lows of $60.28 earlier in the session, as traders began pricing in expectations of improving manufacturing data to be published later this week.
Brent fell as much as 2.5 per cent after the International Energy Agency forecast further price falls and OPEC’s chief defended the group’s decision not to cut its output target.
OPEC stance on output cut
Oil producers group OPEC can ride out a slump in oil prices and keep output unchanged, its head Abdullah al-Badri had said on Sunday, arguing market weakness did not reflect supply and demand fundamentals and could have been driven by speculators, pulling down prices in early Asian trading.
But the market recovered to $62.95 a barrel as traders said the market was pricing in expectations of improving global manufacturing data to be published this week.
“With preliminary manufacturing PMI scheduled to release this week, it may give some support to falling oil prices,’’ Singapore-based Phillip Futures said on Monday.
“Expectations for this month’s PMI are favourable which should prevent a further drop for the week. Provided manufacturing PMI figures are favourable, we expect to see a slight recovery to $61.81 for WTI Feb '15 and $63.26 for Brent Feb '15 for this week,’’ it added.
Brent crude for January delivery was trading up 90 cents at $62.75 a barrel by 0338 GMT. The benchmark fell to $60.28 right after the start of the electronic session, the lowest since July 2009.
US crude for January delivery was up 0.64 cents at $58.45 a barrel, after hitting a low of $56.25, down 2.7 per cent, the lowest since May 2009.
(This article was published on December 15, 2014)
Related

Telecom companies divided over inter-operator chargesTelecom companies divided over inter-operator charges
Thomas K Thomas
While new entities want the charges to go, the big players want them to remain
Mumbai, December 14:  
After spectrum wars, the next big battle brewing in the telecom space is over inter-operator charges. New entrants, including Reliance Jio and Videocon, have urged the telecom regulator to bring the charges down to zero. On the other hand, the incumbents, including Airtel, Vodafone and Idea Cellular, want to retain these charges.
The difference of opinion came out in the open at a recent meeting of the Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI), in which the new players accused the industry body of toeing the bigger operators’ line.
Technically called a termination charge, the inter-operator charge is a fee paid by the operator on whose network the call originates to the operator on whose network the call terminates. The existing fee, fixed in 2009, is 20 paise a minute.
Larger players benefit
This arrangement has been beneficial to players with a larger subscriber base because they end up getting more incoming calls. For example, the total outgoing calls from Videocon to Airtel are much larger than the number of incoming calls Videocon receives. Thus Videocon ends up paying the charges to Airtel all the time.
The immediate trigger for the debate is the consultation paper floated by regulator Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) seeking comments from the industry.
According to sources in the industry, the COAI, which met on December 5 to discuss its stand, could not arrive at a consensus, with four members in favour of zero charges and the three big players against it.
Since the voting system in COAI gives more weight to operators with a larger subscriber base, the industry body has decided to oppose any move to remove the termination charges.
This has peeved the new members, including Reliance Jio, which has accused COAI of not representing the “majority” view in the association.
(This article was published on December 14, 2014)
Related

TRAIs move on SMS termination charges will hurt bigger players: COAITRAI’s move on SMS termination charges will hurt bigger players: COAI
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, May 24:  
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India’s decision to lower the termination charge for SMS will hurt bigger players, according to the Cellular Operators Association of India.
The telecom regulator has fixed 2 paise per SMS as the termination charge for retail consumers and 5 paise for commercial messages.
Until now, the regulator had not specified the termination charges and had left it to the market to determine the rates. As a result, there was dispute among smaller and bigger players as the latter wanted 10 paise for SMS. Recently, Airtel had disconnected services to Aircel after the latter declined to pay 10 paise. “TRAI’s decision is a major victory for our customers,” said Aircel spokesperson.
Termination charge is a fee paid by the operator on whose network the SMS originates to the operator on whose network the message is delivered. Therefore, bigger operators stand to lose if these charges are lower because the number of SMS coming into their network is much more than what goes out. For instance, SMS traffic between Uninor and Airtel will be skewed in favour of Airtel so at a higher termination rate Uninor ends up paying more money to Airtel.
Rajan Mathews, Director General, Cellular Operators Association of India, the industry body primarily representing bigger GSM operators including Airtel, Vodafone and Idea Cellular, said “While we welcome the TRAI’s initiatives to address telemarketing issues, the new interconnection charges will benefit smaller players. We will have to see how the bigger players deal with the loss in revenues.”
The Association of Unified Service Providers of India, representing the interest of Reliance Communications and Tata Teleservices, said that TRAI move was a positive one because until now large operators were using their clout to impose an SMS termination charge as high as 10 paise on small operators interconnecting with them.
“The new SMS termination charge of 2 paise set by TRAI will set right the prevalent market distortion, in the rightful interest of the Indian consumers,” AUSPI said.
(This article was published on May 24, 2013)
Related

Xiaomi s India smartphone ban exposes wider patent riskXiaomi's India smartphone ban exposes wider patent risk
Reuters | Mumbai/Beijing Dec 15, 2014 12:45 AM IST
The court order that banned Chinese mobile maker Xiaomi from selling its phones in India has halted its breakneck expansion into the world’s fastest growing major smartphone market and could be just the start of a string of patent challenges.
Xiaomi Technology only started selling in India in July and quickly became the country’s fastest growing smartphone brand; with minimal marketing, it is already outselling even low-cost smartphones running Google’s Android One.
Hugo Barra, the former Google executive now leading Xiaomi’s international operations, told Reuters in November how rapidly the country had taken to his brand.
All it took was a single Facebook post to draw dozens of superfans to a California Pizza Kitchen in Mumbai to meet him, he said.
“It was far more than we expected. The community has really, really embraced us,” he said.
And then came Wednesday’s court order to stop selling, after a patent infringement case was filed by telecom equipment maker Ericsson. The ban will last until at least February 5, when the Delhi court hears the case again. But that is unlikely to be the end of the young company’s battle over intellectual property (IP) rights.
Sources close to Xiaomi say its leadership has privately acknowledged for years its vulnerability to patent entanglements. The higher risks of IP litigation in Western markets even played a role in shaping Xiaomi’s strategy of expanding in India and Southeast Asia, the sources said.
Xiaomi said in a statement that “it isn’t easy” to build up a patent portfolio as a start-up company, but it aims to have filed 8,000 applications by 2016.
On its home turf, Xiaomi has already been dogged by IP controversies with other Chinese firms, mostly over content rights for its streaming TV service.
As its smartphone business, already number one in China, continues to grow, however, industry analysts expect greater pressure at home, particularly since two of its fiercest handset rivals, Huawei and ZTE Corp, are among the top telecom patent holders in China.
Until it is lifted, the ban in India will be particularly hard on growth prospects. In a country where just one in 10 people use smartphones, the potential is vast. The market grew 82 percent in the third quarter, while China expanded at a relatively modest 10.8 per cent, according to research firm IDC.
Barra posted a message on the company’s website on Friday apologising to fans.
“Rest assured that we’re doing all we can to revert the situation,” he wrote.
In China, Xiaomi already outsells Apple
and Samsung Electronics in smartphones, and it became the world's third-largest vendor as of October, though it is little known outside Asia.
Unlike Apple, which introduces a new iPhone just once a year, Xiaomi rolls out updated models frequently, usually in small batches that sell out in seconds. It sells only online, and with minimal advertising, relying on word of mouth to build anticipation for each new launch.
In India, Xiaomi initially imported 10,000 devices a week but soon had to ramp that up to 60,000 to 100,000 to meet demand, India business chief Manu Jain told Reuters before the sales ban. It has chartered flights four times to rush in fresh supplies.
Jain did not respond to a request for comment on the business impact after the order.
Rushabh Doshi, an analyst at technology research firm Canalys in Singapore, said the ban would "leave a gap in the market, to be quickly filled by local or international vendors looking to increase market share".
The court case will also make phone vendors wary about their current patent portfolio and require them to step up their spending on research and development, he added.

Evicted Bigg Boss 8 contestant Diandra Soares says she is notpregnantBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 15, 2014 9:57 am
Model Diandra Soares, the latest contestant to be evicted from “Bigg Boss 8”, has rubbished pregnancy rumours saying “Kissing doesn’t lead to pregnancy”.
The 35-year-old, who was considered to be one of the strongest contenders in the reality show, was voted out Sunday. The otherwise active Diandra was lying low last week because of poor health. In fact, she was taken to a hospital for a check-up.
It was reported that she was pregnant. When asked about the rumour, she categorically said: “I am not pregnant.”
“Kissing doesn’t lead to pregnancy. It’s just a rumour that has been flying outside,” Diandra, who was seen getting intimate with her co-contestant and actor Gautam Gulati in the Bigg Boss house, told IANS after coming out of the house.
“I was taken to hospital because I was unwell. Now my health is absolutely fine,” she added.
Last week, all contestants were nominated following their failure to follow the rules of the house.
Diandra, whose stint with the show lasted 12 weeks, was seen as a vibrant and entertaining contestant. She was popular for her changing hairstyles and leadership quality.
During her stay, she shared a good camaraderie with the contestants.
When asked why was she evicted, she said: “Maybe I was no more a favourite of the audience. I got evicted like any other contestant. There’s nothing new in my eviction.”
“Bigg Boss”, which airs on Colors, attracts audiences mainly for its controversies and acrimonious fights.
Hosted by Bollywood superstar Salman Khan, the show is now left with nine contestants and Diandara feels that Puneet Issar is the “mastermind inside the house”.

Sensex in red; Tech Mahindra down over 3%  Jaypee Infratech gains 4%; top 10 stocksSensex rangebound; tech, metals, capital goods down; top 10 stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 15, 2014, 11.04AM IST
Tags:
IIFL
(The Nifty will look at taking…)
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex is tradng in a range with a negative bias led by losses in technology, metals and capital goods sectors. The trend is expected to remain rangebound with negative bias in absence of cues from global peers.
"The weakness which was witnessed last week is likely to continue at least at start. Oil prices fell over 2 per cent on concerns about a supply glut and slower global growth. Weak oil prices could eventually affect even countries like India, says a report," said IIFL report.
The Nifty will look at taking support around the 8,177 levels. Macro data released after market hours on Friday will have some impact," the report added.
At 11:02 am, the Sensex was at 27,315.61; down 35.07 points.
The Nifty was at 8,220.65; down 3.45 points.
Tata Consultancy Services plunged as much as 4.04 per cent in trade on Monday, after the country's largest software services firm expects its revenue in the October-December 2014 quarter to be 'in line with seasonal trends'.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
TCS Ltd: Tata Consultancy Services, India's largest information technology outsourcing company said it expects a seasonally weak third quarter, because of the holiday season in its key markets impacting some of its main verticals.
Tata Motors Ltd: Global wholesales, including those of Jaguar Land Rover, went up 2.4 per cent in November 2014 to 83,906 vehicles compared with the year-ago period.
ONGC: State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) announced three new oil and gas discoveries in Krishan Godavari Basin and Mumbai offshore and said it will pay its shareholders an interim dividend of 100 per cent.
Coal India: With the stock market appearing to lose steam in the past few days and key global financial markets headed for year-end holidays, the government has decided to defer big-ticket disinvestments in Coal India and ONGC until January.
Alstom T&D India Ltd: The company has received orders worth around 32 million euros (Rs 247 crore) from Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company to build 400/220 kV grid substations at Kudus, Alkud and Kondhwain in the state.
Oil India Ltd: Oil India Ltd, the second largest state explorer, has signed contract for two offshore oil and gas blocks it had bagged in Myanmar.
GMR Hyderabad International Airport Limited, a subsidiary of GMR Infrastructure Limited, has acquired remaining 44.61 per cent stake owned by Malaysia Aerospace Engineering SDN BHD (MAE) in MAS GMR Aerospace Engineering Company Limited (MGAE), as per stock market disclosure.
Whirlpool of India: Consumer durables major Whirlpool will open 15 showrooms for built-in kitchen appliances across the country in the next one year as part of its plans to log Rs 200 crore turnover by 2017-2018 for the new category.
Financial Technologies Ltd: Indian Energy Exchange is in talks with its erstwhile promoter FTIL, which is in the process of exiting the bourse, for buying out the application software and other solutions used for its trading platform.
Maruti Suzuki Ltd: Auto manufacturers are set to increase prices in January, blaming it on rising costs. Maruti Suzuki will increase prices after 14 months, the longest in the history of the nation's largest carmaker by sales.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Extends Weakness to Third Day; TCS Falls 4%You are here: Home Market
Sensex Extends Weakness to 3rd Day; TCS Falls 4%
NDTV | Updated On: December 15, 2014 09:48 (IST)
Cyient Gains 3% on Acquisition
The Sensex fell nearly 250 points in early trade on Monday, while the Nifty came within 2 points of breaching the key 8,150. However, buying at lower levels helped Indian stock markets recover from the day's lows quickly.
As of 09.34 a.m., the Sensex was down 105 points at 27,245 and the Nifty traded 25 points lower at 8,199. Monday's losses were led by a selloff in IT stocks, which tumbled over 2 per cent on concerns over weak growth.
TCS, India's biggest outsourcer, fell nearly 4 per cent to be the top Nifty loser. On Friday, TCS said its revenue growth in the December quarter may be weak on account of seasonality and pressure in its banking, financial services and insurance (BFSI) segment.
TCS expects its dollar revenue to be impacted by 220 basis points on account of cross-currency impact. A negative outlook by TCS also impacted sentiments in other IT stocks and outsourcers such as HCL Tech, Wipro and Tech Mahindra fell between 1 and 1.5 per cent.
Energy stocks remained under pressure because of the continued fall in global crude prices. Reliance Industries traded 0.6 per cent lower, while Cairn India slumped 2.5 per cent over margin concerns. The CNX Energy index was down over 0.5 per cent, on track for its third straight day of fall.
State-run ONGC gained over 1 per cent after brokerage CLSA maintained its "buy" call on the stock with a target price of Rs 450 per share indicating an upside potential of over 32 per cent from current levels. ONGC was the top gainer in Nifty.
December has been a bad month for equities worldwide so far. Sentiments in the domestic market were also impacted because of slump in industrial production, which fell 4.2 per cent in October.
Foreign investors, who have been credited for driving the rally in Indian stocks, continued to be net sellers of Indian equities on Friday. In last four trading sessions, foreign investors have sold stocks worth Rs 1,741 crore in the cash market.
Story first published on: December 15, 2014 09:48 (IST)

TCS Falls over 4%; Brokers Cut EstimatesYou are here: Home Market
TCS Falls Nearly 4%; Brokers Cut Estimates
Reuters | Updated On: December 15, 2014 10:30 (IST)
Cyient Gains 3% on Acquisition
Tata Consultancy Services slumped 3.9 per cent on Monday, its lowest intraday level since July 17. The company had said on Friday that seasonal trends will impact its Q3 revenue.
Jefferies cut the target for TCS to Rs 2,770 from Rs 2,970 and maintained the buy rating. The investment bank lowered company's FY16/FY17 EPS estimate by 2.1 per cent on cross currency impact.
The bank also said in its note that cross currency is likely to have a 220 bps negative impact on the Q3 dollar reported growth.
Jefferies lowered its target multiple to 20x from 21x to incorporate management's weak commentary.
Barclays cut the EPS estimates for FY15/FY16 by 2 to 3 per cent.
($1 = Rs 62.2000)

Nifty may head to 8500-8600 by expiry-end: Growth Avenues08:00 am
CK Narayan, managing director, Growth Avenues says the Nifty has a good support at 8250 and it is likely to head back to 8,500-8,600 by expiry-end.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Narayan says investors should use the current fall in market to buy quality stocks on dips.
On his sectoral picks, Narayan suggests buying Lupin ,  LIC Housing Finance and United Phosphorus .
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview.
Q: Where do you see the Nifty from current levels?
I think the Nifty has slid down pretty sharply perhaps in anticipation of the poor IIP numbers we got at the end of the week. But in the process I think around 8250 it has slammed down into a decent support. I also do a little bit of time cycle work and based on those time cycles I think December 12 was the date for a low on the Nifty. So, I think we do have a price and time match at this level, it would not surprise me to see the Nifty maybe begin a little soft on Monday but then pick up the trends gradually and actually head-up back towards the 85-86 levels before this months expiry is out. So I would say go long on Nifty at lower levels in this week setting a suitably distant stop and looking for a significantly higher target by the end of December expiry.
Q: Which stock would you have a buy on now?
The market has had a nice fall which gives us a good opportunity to buy some of those stocks we like at those lower levels; first up I would like to look at Lupin which I think has been quite resilient entirely during the fall. I think the stock did witness some amount of selling from funds but managed to hold its own. At about 1460 I think its doing a fairly decent job of staying with the uptrend. I do believe that we should see significantly higher upsides during the week so I would take that as the trade for the week, I think Lupin would be my first stock pick for this week
Moving on to my second stock pick I would want to look at something which has again been strong uptrend and has had a decent pull back, that would be LIC Housing Finance. I think this particular stock has a great uptrend, great deal of momentum left in it and showing no dissipation of it whatsoever, it has pull back from Rs 465 from somewhere around Rs 440. In the price range of about Rs 430-440 where it had consolidated recently I think it would make for a great support zone from where the next bounce, which I believe can carry the stock to near around Rs 480
The third one I would like to pick is UPL which had also a sizable pullback. It went to about Rs 350-360 in the recent past and it has been hit down to a level close to around Rs 305 on the short slide of Friday. I think priced around Rs 310 in the price range of Rs 300-310, I think it makes for a very low risk buy, I would set a stock below somewhere around Rs 295-297 and I would be looking for multi week advance in this particular stock, so its a stock that I would recommend for shorter term players as well as swing traders who are looking at multi-week advances.
RELATED NEWS

Buy IT stocks on correction  says Vibhav KapoorLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy IT stocks on correction, says Vibhav Kapoor
Vibhav Kapoor of IL&FS is of the view that one may buy IT stocks on correction.
Post your opinion here
Taking Stock
Vibhav Kapoor of IL&FS told CNBC-TV18, "I am surprised because we never expected the IT sector to behave the way it did last week. The only thing one can say is that valuations have gone up a lot, the stocks has done well, IT index has gone up in a huge way and so some money is been taken off the table apart from that I cannot find any reason for IT stocks to go down the way they have or correct the way. So it’s probably just a correction in a big bull market which is happening there.”
He further added, “The rupee definitely looks to be depreciating a little more from here maybe another 2-3 percent, so there is no problem on that side. The US economy is doing well; some times you just wonder and I don’t know, it’s too early to say whether this whole thing about disruptive technologies coming into technology for example Cloud etc is something which is having some impact at the back of investors mind whether this can disrupt the business model of the Indian companies to some extent. I am not sure, it is too early to say but definitely at the moment IT is still a good buy on corrections and it is a bit surprising that the way these stocks have reacted."
RELATED NEWS

PM condemns hostage crisis in AustraliaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Reliance mediaworks (rmw) and carnival cinemas today announced the sig...Platinum Member
5702 Followers
Reliance MediaWorks (RMW) and Carnival Cinemas today announced the signing of definitive agreements for sale of RMW's multiplexes business to Carnival Cinemas Ltd. in the largest ever deal in the sector in India.

Sensex recovers after shedding 215 points in early trade; still down 74 pointsSensex ends flat; heavy selling in realty, consumer durables counters
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 15:  
Indian shares ended flat after earlier hitting their lowest levels in 1-1/2 months as software services providers fell after Tata Consultancy Services' tepid comments on its outlook, while other blue-chips were hit by global risk aversion.
The BSE benchmark Sensex ended down by 31.12 points or 0.11 per cent at 27,319.56 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty ended down by 4.5 points or 0.05 per cent at 8,219.60.
Sectoral indices
Among BSE sectoral indices, realty index fell the most by 2.07 per cent, followed by consumer durables 2.02 per cent, IT 1.94 per cent and TECk 1.46 per cent, while banking index was up 0.35 per cent and PSU 0.18 per cent.
Gainers, losers
HDFC (4.94%), Coal India (3.26%), ONGC (1.77%), HDFC Bank (0.99%) and BHEL (0.71%) were the top five Sensex gainers, while the major losers were TCS (3.78%), SSLT (2.39%), Axis Bank (1.3%), Cipla (1.27%) and Tata Motors (1.24%).
Brokers' comment
A report by SMC Investments and Advisors said “US stocks had their worst week since 2011 amidst global growth concerns. Asian stocks showed a lacklustre performance as negative sentiment from China affected other Asian markets. The Bank of Japan revealed an index measuring business sentiment. The large manufacturers' index came in with a score of 12, missing forecasts for 13, which would have been unchanged from the third quarter. The outlook score is a little more ominous, suggesting that the index will fall to 9 in the first quarter of next year. The survey is closely watched by the Bank of Japan for formulating policies.”
Domestic sentiment was dampened on continued selling by funds and retail investors after October industrial production contracted sharply.
Brokers said selling activity gathered momentum on disappointing economic data as the country’s industrial production contracted by 4.2 per cent in October, the sharpest decline in at least two years. However, data showing retail inflation eased to a fresh low of 4.38 per cent in November — the fifth straight month of decline — restricted the fall to some extent.
Early trade
The BSE benchmark Sensex plunged 215 points to 27,136 in early trade and the Nifty opened down by 63 points at 8,161.
European markets
European shares held steady on Monday after posting their biggest weekly loss since mid-2011 in the previous session, with a halt to oil’s sell-off lifting energy stocks.
The STOXX Europe 600 oil and gas index rose 1.4 per cent as Brent prices rebounded from a 5-1/2 year low on hopes of improving manufacturing data
Abenomics impact
Any benefits from Abenomics are relatively small for China and India against rest of Asia, according to Japanese brokerage Nomura.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s coalition has secured big election win. Any measures by Japan to stimulate its economy via monetary easing could raise expectations of inflows into emerging markets, it said.
Nomura added top economies to benefit from Abenomics are Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand, Taiwan and the Philippines
Nomura’s FDI scorecard showed Thailand as the most exposed to Japanese FDI, followed by China, Indonesia and India.
Asian markets
Asian shares slipped to nine-month lows on Monday as oil prices sank to fresh 5-1/2 year lows on concerns about a supply glut and slower global growth, hitting the stocks of energy and commodity producers and exporters.
Investors were nervous after US shares posted their biggest weekly fall in 2-1/2-years last week on losses led by energy sector, and as they expect the US Federal Reserve to hint this week it is getting closer to raising interest rates.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 1.1 per cent to its lowest level since March.
Japan's Nikkei share average fell 1.3 per cent, drawing little momentum from Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's big election victory on Sunday, which was a boost for his reflationary economic policies.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average had ended 1.79 per cent lower in Friday’s trade.
(This article was published on December 15, 2014)
Related

Markets Live: Sensex recovers after shedding 215 points in early trade; still down 74 pointsWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

BJP can t talk development in Delhi and Love Jihad in Muzzafarnagar: Arun ShourieBJP can’t talk development in Delhi and Love Jihad in Muzzafarnagar: Arun Shourie
Produced by Andrew ClaranceUpdated: December 8, 2014 11:58 am
Related

Oscar de la Renta s 10 iconic evening gownsOscar de la Renta's 10 best evening gowns
Vogue says goodbye to the iconic designer with a look back at his red carpet creations.
-Vogue.in

Nargis looks stunning as cover girlAxe Signature FHM Bachelor of the Year Awards, 2014
Tue 30 Dec, 2014 3:21 PM IST
Every list has its own signature and this year, the Axe Signature FHM Bachelors of the Year had a star-studded one like never before! More » Axe Signature FHM Bachelor of the Year Awards, 2014
Meet Nargis Fakhri, the cover girl
Thu 11 Dec, 2014 1:16 PM IST
Gorgeous actress Nargis Fakhri  features on the bridal cover of Harper’s Bazaar magazine- the December issue. The  actress looks beautiful in an Alexander McQueen creation. More » Meet Nargis Fakhri, the cover girl
Deepika Padukone and Aamir Khan play a tennis match
Wed 10 Dec, 2014 3:10 PM IST
True heroes who battled cancer
Thu 16 Jun, 2011 5:04 PM IST
Steve Jobs, the visionary who transformed the worlds of personal computing, finally lost his years-long battle with pancreatic cancer. Six years ago, Jobs had talked about how a sense of his mortality was a major driver behind that vision. It takes real courage to swim against the current and smile even when you are writhing in pain. A look at the celebrity figures who showed great grit in their battle against cancer. Meet the real heroes. More » True heroes who battled cancer
Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
Fri 23 Dec, 2011 2:09 PM IST
From yummy to weird, here's a look at the menu of our pregnant celebs. Read on More » Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
She can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
Moon gazing on Karva Chauth
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 12:13 PM IST
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
The stunning stars at GQ Men Of The Year Awards
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 1:00 PM IST
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Kareena's goof up and all the other things we heard our celebrities say this week. Take a look More » Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Today on Yahoo

Sun TV stock falls 8.55% on report ED probed Maran brothersSun TV stock falls 8.55% on report ED probed Maran brothers
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 17:44 IST
The Sun TV stock fell on Friday on a news report that the Enforcement Directorate has questioned the Maran brothers-Dayanidhi and Kalanithi-in connection with the criminal case in the money laundering probe linked to the Aircel-Maxis deal .
At 2:03 pm, the stock fell to Rs 345.15, down 8.18 per cent on the BSE. It fell to Rs 335.65 intra day, down 10 per cent. The Sensex was trading 167 points lower at 27,434 points. The stock fell 8.55 per cent to Rs 343 on the BSE.
"Both the Marans have been questioned and their statements recorded under the provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act. They could be summoned again," sources told Press Trust of India.
The duo were questioned about their personal and official financial dealings and on specific charges related to the deal.
Some documents submitted by them are being scrutinised, they said.
(With PTI inputs)

Fight poverty  not conversionUpdated: December 13, 2014 01:06 IST
Fight poverty, not conversion
religion and belief
Is the practice of religion a deeply private affair, confined to values and belief systems at the level of the individual, or is it an open community activity, carried out in the public domain with social participation? Does one person’s right to practise his or her religion come in conflict with another person’s right to propagate his or her religion? These are only some of the questions that have come up following attempts at mass religious conversions by politically affiliated outfits. The right to choose a religion of one’s choice is fundamental to the freedom of religion, but as the Supreme Court has held, the right to propagate a religion does not include any ‘right’ to convert other people. The December 8 ‘conversion’ of scores of Muslim families to Hinduism created a political furore for more than one reason. Mass conversions from one religion to another are usually political in nature, and they almost always create tensions between the two communities. Such conversions by themselves are not problematic unless there is evidence of force or fraud. But opposition parties saw in the exercise another attempt at communal polarisation by Hindutva outfits with ideological affinity to the Sangh Parivar and the BJP. Moreover, many of the political opponents of the BJP were alarmed at the efforts to lure poor Muslim slum-dwellers with state-conferred benefits such as ration cards. While material inducements for religious conversion, even if morally abhorrent, are not rare or illegal, the opposition saw the government as being complicit in the effort by the organisations involved in the mass conversion to link state benefits to a ‘return’ to Hinduism.
Predictably, BJP leaders have turned the debate over this latest round of conversions into an opportunity to revive the demand for banning all forms of religious conversion. However, the issues arising from the Agra conversions have nothing to do with religious conversion per se, which are unexceptionable, but with communal politics and discrimination on the grounds of religion in extending state benefits. Many of those who were ‘converted’ have returned to Islam saying they agreed to convert on the promise of material benefits, but this is no argument against the original conversion. Actually, at the heart of this conversion narrative in the Agra slum are issues of poverty and deprivation, and not religious succour. Conversion from one religion to another, whether of individuals or clusters of families, whether they result in social tensions or not, is of no real concern so long as there is no force or fraud involved. Those who want a ban on conversions on the basis of material inducements should instead concentrate on fighting poverty and deprivation.

Hinduja Group buys Old War Office building in LondonHinduja Group acquires historic Old War Office building in London
H S Rao     London   Last Updated: December 13, 2014  | 19:36 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
The Hinduja Group has acquired the historic Old War Office building having around 1,100 rooms in Central London for an undisclosed sum for conversion into a 5-star hotel and residential apartments.
The heritage building at 57, Whitehall, close to the British Parliament and the Prime Minister's residence, covers 580,000 square feet spread over 7 floors connected by more than three km of corridors.
The Hindujas, Britain's wealthiest people, acquired the building, where war-time prime minister Winston Churchil plotted Second World War manouevres, in partnership with Spanish industrial company Obrascon Huarte Lain Desarrollos (OHLD).
The building will be restored and redeveloped into a 5-star hotel and apartments. It will also feature a series of private-function rooms as well as a spa and fitness facility.
It was sold on a 250-year lease arrangement following a competitive marketing process.
The Group Chairman S P Hinduja and Co-Chairman G P Hinduja said on behalf of the company, "We will make every effort to honour the heritage and restoration of this national monument, elevate its status and reconnect it with the public."
"We will forge a new future for the site, creating a vibrant and sustainable destination that retains and enhances the historical importance of the building. We are proud to be playing such a crucial role in this new chapter for the Old War Office," they said.
Previously inaccessible to the public, a commitment has also been made to grant new access to the building with an outdoor public space also part of the re-development plans.
Britain's Ministry of Defence confirmed that the Hinduja Group, in partnership with OHLD, who's main shareholder is Grupo Villar Mir, has been successful in the acquisition of the Old War Office.
(PTI)

Manufacturing companies expect stable growthNEW DELHI, December 13, 2014
Updated: December 13, 2014 23:12 IST
‘Manufacturing companies expect stable growth’
Yuthika Bhargava
manufacturing and engineering
Majority of the companies in the manufacturing sector expect growth to be stable over the next 12 months, according to the Indian Manufacturing Barometer 2014 survey by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) and PwC.
According to survey, 55 per cent of the respondents expect to make major investments over the next 12 months, while 49 per cent plan to add capacity.
Research and development, new products or services introduction and facilities are the three priority areas of investment for over 45 per cent of these respondents.
The companies, which participated in the survey, do not expect any decline in their own business revenues or their industry’s revenue in this period. However, in the last year’s survey, six per cent had expected their own business revenues to decline, while 20 per cent respondents had expected their industry’s revenue to decline.
About 94 per cent of the surveyed companies describe themselves as ‘somewhat or very optimistic’ about the Indian economy with high expectations from the government.
Indian manufacturers also expect the government to simplify export import (Exim) policies and related documentation, rationalise the tax structure and implement the Goods and Services Tax (GST). Modification of land acquisition rules, speedier clearances and licensing, and amendments to labour laws are factors they believe will facilitate investments, the survey said.
Bimal Tanna, Leader, Industrial Manufacturing at PwC India, said, “With rising costs in other global manufacturing hubs such as China there is perhaps an unparalleled opportunity for India to step into the breach and capture a significant share of the global manufacturing pie. Yet, the road ahead is not without challenges with several infrastructural and regulatory bottlenecks.”
Growth in the manufacturing sector had fallen to a negative 0.7 per cent in 2013-14, significantly below its five-year average of 5.6 per cent. The share of the sector, in GDP, had declined to 14.9 % in 2013-14 from 15.8 per cent in 2012-13.

Police: Truant teen killed his father with a crossbow to avoid punishmentBy Peter Holley December 13, 2014 Follow @peterjholley
 
Authorities in Delaware say Seth Ramsey fatally shot his father with a crossbow (Delaware State Police)
Authorities in Delaware have accused a teenager of killing his father with a crossbow to avoid punishment after skipping school, according to reports.
Seth H. Ramsay, 17, is charged as an adult with first-degree murder and possession of a deadly weapon, police said. He is being held at a juvenile detention facility without bail.
Police say they stopped by the teenager’s home in Harrington on Thursday to check on 41-year-old Todd Ramsey after coworkers reported him missing. Inside the house, police discovered Ramsey dead in his bedroom with a single arrow wound to his upper torso, according to an ABC affiliate .
According to a police affidavit, the 17-year-old told police that he shot his his father with a crossbow after skipping school, the station reported.
“He said that his father was in his bedroom from 2:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m.,” according to the affidavit. “Seth said that he knew when his father came out he would be mad so he shot him.” 
Police said no other motive has been established.
Peter Holley is a general assignment reporter at The Washington Post. He can be reached at peter.holley@washpost.com.

SHOCKING facts about Sanjay Gandhi s life!Photo uploaded by Madhavi Jain
on Dec 12, 2013 , 02:40 pm
19765 Views  |  10  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Sanjay Gandhi, is one of the most controversial politican stemming out of the Congress clan. He was the youngest son of Indira and Feroze Gandhi. Image courtesy: Procured via google search
Sanjay Gandhi, is one of the most controversial politican stemming out of the Congress clan. He was the youngest son of Indira and Feroze Gandhi. Image courtesy: Procured via google search

What 10 first-time BJP MPs have been doing since inductionBharatiya Janata Party
(It would not be a stretch…)
It would not be a stretch to say that the first 200 days of Prime Minister Narendra Modi — the 200th day was Thursday, December 11 — have provided enough ammunition to both his backers and bashers. His supporters point to Modi's far-reaching initiatives like Make in India, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and Jan Dhan Yojana; his reforms like allowing private companies to mine coal commercially and increase in foreign direct investment limits in key sectors, easing of restrictions in environment laws and his efforts to forge stronger ties with world powers such as China and the US.
His detractors, on the other hand, refer to the lack of results on the government's part to bring black money back to the country as the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) had promised during its election campaign. More worrying than that, they say, is Modi's silence on potentially polarising statements and actions by those in the BJP, the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh and its affiliate bodies: from the allegedly forced conversions of Muslims in Agra to Sushma Swaraj saying that the Bhagvad Gita should be declared a national scripture.
The Opposition is seeing red over what it calls the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance government's communal agenda, as evidenced by the disruptions in Parliament. The commotion is going to take some getting used to for some of the 317 first-time Lok Sabha MPs, the highest number since 1980. More than half of that number — 165 to be precise — belong to the BJP, which won 282 seats out of the total 543, giving it the first single-party majority since the Congress in 1984.
Given the preponderance of debutants in the 16th Lok Sabha and the BJP, we shift the spotlight away from the PM, an evidently economic reforms-fixated Cabinet and the communal claptrap (not always at the fringe), and put it on 10 firsttime MPs from the party to understand how they have spent their 200 days, what they have planned for their constituency, and their performance in Parliament.
Among these are a few who have a stellar attendance record in Parliament, like Anju Bala from Uttar Pradesh; some like former journalist Prathap Simha, from Mysuru, who have learnt the need to rise above partisan politics; and young MPs like Poonam Mahajan, from Mumbai, who want to look beyond their constituencies. Read on:

First-time MP Babul Supriyo may be PM s point person for BengalASANSOL
(It's small wonder, then…)
Babul Supriyo is buying a flat in Mohishila, a colony in Asansol town in West Bengal. It's the same flat he worked out of when campaigning for the Lok Sabha elections earlier this year. This will give the playback singer an address in his constituency. Asansol, the town after which his Lok Sabha constituency gets its name, can expect a bouquet of goodies from Surpiyo now.
Asansol had surprised many pundits when it elected Supriyo (full name Babul Supriyo Baral) in May this year; he defeated Dola Sen, a trade union leader and a confidant of chief minister Mamata Banerjee . As minister of state for urban development Supriyo is eager to give back to Asansol. "As we speak, there is a file in front of me that is on a new flyover in Asansol's Kumarpara," he says.
He has already sanctioned Rs 6 crore from the Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission for 60 buses for the urban areas and another Rs 4.43 crore from his MPLAD funds to build roads in rural areas. Supriyo is also taking up a separate list for roads that can be built through the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana. "I do not want to lose one iota of the love that I received from the constituency," he says.
Supriyo recounts during campaigning that in some villages, old men had literally pleaded with him to do something to provide drinking water. "It was summer. My car was loaded with packaged drinking water, but the campaign code prevented me from distributing it," he says. Supriyo says that since being elected he has been constantly liaising with PSUs operating in the area, on how they can provide drinking water to neighbouring villages as a part of their Corporate Social Responsibility spending.
The singer, who has also acted in a handful of Bengali films — and one Bollywood potboiler — may just be Modi's point person for West Bengal , a state in which the BJP is gunning for a larger presence. Supriyo is just one of two BJP MPs elected to the Lok Sabha from West Bengal. Small wonder, then, in the second week of November, Supriyo became the youngest minister to be included in the Narendra Modi government; he is now minister of state for urban development, housing and urban poverty alleviation — a move that would have come as a shot in the arm for BJP workers in West Bengal. Clearly, the BJP-led government is thinking long term, with an eye on the assembly elections in the state in 2016.
As a playback-singing survivor in Bollywood, Supriyo clearly understand the importance of packaging. He has already adopted a village (Sitabari) close to a popular picnic spot. And last week, he was in his constituency distributing "good-looking garbage bins" to local schools as a part of the Swachh Bharat campaign. The prime minister would approve.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Efforts of Paresh Rawal have not gone unnoticed by electorsAhmedabad Municipal Corporation
(Rawal is still a long way…)
One refrain against actors-turned-politicians is that electors would have to wait for the release of their next film to catch a glimpse. This is said only in half jest and just about sums up the political stints of most actors. BJP MP from Ahmedabad East Paresh Rawal seems to be working hard to dodge this unwanted cliche, as his frequent trips to his constituency and appearances in local functions since the past six months show.
Rawal is still a long way from establishing a grassroots connection with locals like his predecessor Harin Pathak , but his efforts have not gone unnoticed by electors. Suresh Rathod of East Ahmedabad's Bapunagar area says in the past six months, he has seen Rawal in action plenty of times. "It seems he is not like any other star," said Rathod, adding that he hopes this continues.
The problem is that Rawal's stardom dwarfs his political activities. Sheetal Shah, a private tutor, believes that Rawal is still lauded for his achievements as an actor and he is yet to prove himself as an MP. "People voted for the BJP regardless of a person's achievements or calibre. Anyone in his (Rawal's) place would have won from Ahmedabad," said Shah. Indeed, during meetings with electors, most of them identify Rawal as a Bollywood star rather than their representative in Parliament.
That said, his associates insist he is taking his job as an MP seriously. Parth Raval, a Supreme Court lawyer, who has known Rawal since 2006 and handled his election campaign, though says the MP stays for up to six days a month in his constituency. Yet, in July, Rawal opened up an office in the BJP headquarters at Khanpur in Ahmedabad. Rawal's attendance in Parliament is 84%, says Raval (his attendance is 51%, according to PRS data). The MP has pursued the PM's Swasthya Abhiyan campaign in earnest in his constituency, according to Raval. Rawal visited the Ahmedabad airport to take stock of the problems. Bird hits are a perennial problem at the airport, which Rawal has promised to take up with the authorities concerned at the Centre.
Rawal recently visited the Kalupur railway station in Ahmedabad to understand what the station must do to improve its efficiency. The Sabarmati Railway Station is in dire need of expansion. He flagged off a special train from Ahmedabad to Allahabad. He has also held meetings with Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation commissioner, Ahmedabad's mayor and other officials to take up issues with the central government.
Locals have been hobbled by the shutting down of a connecting road through the cantonment by the Army. Rawal has brought this to the defence minister's notice. He also approached state minister Nitin Patel to solve the issue of water shortage at Dehgam.
Raval accepts that the MP has so far only taken up issues on behalf of his constituents. What is missing is a major project. But he reasoned that six months is too less a time to decide on the exact need of the constituency as regards a project. Rawal, he said, will not disappoint as an MP.
Of the annual Rs 5-crore MP fund, Rs 2.5 crore has been released by the Centre already. Rawal plans to use Rs 1.5 crore for Ahmedabad and the rest for the rural pockets of Degham and South Gandhinagar.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top 10 must-listen podcasts by iTunes rankingsTop 10 podcasts by iTunes rankings
14 Dec, 2014
Tweet
Text: G Seetharaman, ET Bureau
At a time when podcasts are believed to have peaked in popularity has come Serial. And people can't stop discussing it online.
Re-investigating the murder of a high-school girl in Baltimore in 1999 and the conviction of her ex-boyfriend for the crime in its first season, the weekly podcast has already got five million downloads on iTunes.
Serial reached that number faster than any other podcast. Many believe Serial 's runaway success could get millions to binge-listen and do for podcasts what Game of Thrones did for TV series.
Here's a look at the 11-year-old medium and the podcasts you should be listening to...

Some beautiful images of first snowfall in ShimlaBeautiful images of first snowfall in Shimla
14 Dec, 2014
Tweet
Text: PTI
Several parts of Himachal Pradesh including key tourist resorts Shimla and Manali received the first snowfall of the season resulting in intense cold wave with Keylong coldest at 3.0 degree Celsius.
The high altitude tribal areas and other higher reaches in the state had another spell of moderate snowfall while the mid and lower hills experienced widespread rains breaking the prolonged dry spell ringing cheers to farmers.
In pic: Vehicles move slowly over mountain roads during the season's first snowfall at Kufri, some 17 Kms from the northern hill town of Shimla.

Lumia 535 smartphone review: Is it worth your moneyLumia 535 review: The 'first' Microsoft Lumia
14 Dec, 2014
Tweet
Text: Anupam Saxena,TOI Tech
The Lumia 535 is the first Windows Phone handset from Microsoft to not feature the Nokia branding. But what's more significant is that it's also the most feature-complete budget smartphone from the Redmond giant's mobile devices stable, addressing a number of deficiencies of its predecessors.
Microsoft is now aggressively targeting the entry-level and the budget smartphone segments as it loses grip on mature markets and higher end of the spectrum.
Is the Lumia 535 its best shot yet? We try to find out in our review...

Sanskrit  taught well  can be as rewarding as economicsSanskrit, taught well, can be as rewarding as economics
By Gurcharan Das,  | 14 Dec, 2014, 10.58AM IST
0
Share More
With this conviction I decided to read Sanskrit a few years ago. I knew a little from college but now I wanted to read the Mahabharata. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
There was a time when I used to believe like Diogenes the Cynic that I was a citizen of the world, and I used to strut about feeling that one blade of grass is much like another.
Now I feel that each blade has its unique spot on the earth from where it draws its life and strength. So is a man rooted to a land from where he derives his life and his faith. Discovering one's past helps to nourish those roots, instilling a quiet self-confidence as one travels through life. Losing that memory risks losing a sense of the self.
With this conviction I decided to read Sanskrit a few years ago. I knew a little from college but now I wanted to read the Mahabharata. Mine was not a religious or political project but a literary one. But I did not want to escape to 'the wonder that was India'. I wanted to approach the text with full consciousness of the present, making it relevant to my life. I searched for a pundit or a shastri but none shared my desire to 'interrogate' the text so that it would speak to me. Thus, I ended up at the University of Chicago .
I had to go abroad to study Sanskrit because it is too often a soul-killing experience in India. Although we have dozens of Sanskrit university departments, our better students do not become Sanskrit teachers. Partly it is middle-class insecurities over jobs, but Sanskrit is not taught with an open , enquiring, analytical mind. According to the renowned Sanskritist, Sheldon Pollock , India had at Independence a wealth of world-class scholars such as Hiriyanna, Kane, Radhakrishnan, Sukthankar, and more. Today we have none.
The current controversy about teaching Sanskrit in our schools is not the debate we should be having. The primary purpose of education is not to teach a language or pump facts into us but to foster our ability to think — to question, interpret and develop our cognitive capabilities. A second reason is to inspire and instill passion. Only a passionate person achieves anything in life and realizes the full human potential. And this needs passionate teachers, which is at the heart of the problem.
Too many believe that education is only about 'making a living' when, in fact, it is also about 'making a life.' Yes, later education should prepare one for a career, but early education should instill the self-confidence to think for ourselves, to imagine and dream about something we absolutely must do in life. A proper teaching of Sanskrit can help in fostering a sense of self-assuredness and humanity, much in the way that reading Latin and Greek did for generations of Europeans when they searched for their roots in classical Rome and Greece .
This is the answer to the bright young person who asks, 'Why should I invest in learning a difficult language like Sanskrit when I could enhance my life chances by studying economics or commerce?' Sanskrit can, in fact, boost one's life chances. A rigorous training in Panini's grammar rules can reward us with the ability to formulate and express ideas that are uncommon in our languages of everyday life. Its literature opens up 'another human consciousness and another way to be human', according to Pollock.
Teaching Sanskrit under the 'three-language formula' has failed because of poor teachers and curriculum. Mythological comic books such as Amar Chitra Katha and TV cartoons in Sanskrit with captions might at least catch the imagination of children. But the debate is also about choice. Those who would make teaching Sanskrit compulsory in school are wrong. We should foster excellence in Sanskrit teaching rather than shove it down children's throats.
The lack of civility in the present debate is only matched by ignorance and zealotry on both sides. The Hindu right makes grandiose claims about airplanes and stem cell research in ancient India and this undermines the real achievements of Sanskrit. The anti-brahmin, Marxist, post-colonial attack reduces the genuine achievements of Orientalist scholars to 'false consciousness'. Those who defend Sanskrit lack the open-mindedness that led, ironically, to the great burst of creative works by their ancestors. In the end, the present controversy might be a good thing if it helps to foster excellence in teaching Sanskrit in India.

Would we ban autos or cycle-rickshaws if a rape occurred in oneThe government didn't go into the fact that some of the same government-approved, commercially licensed drivers could be rogues. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
So we banned Uber. And all other app-based taxi companies as well.
After all, one of the drivers registered with the mobile app company raped a girl in Delhi during a ride. The reason cited for the ban was that Uber did not register and follow the procedures as a radio taxi company should, and did not independently do enough verification checks on their drivers. Of course, the government never explained why the company was allowed to function for months before the rape incident. It also didn't mention that Uber only allowed government-approved, commercially licensed drivers to connect with users. The government didn't go into the fact that some of the same government-approved, commercially licensed drivers could be rogues, who could pro duce fake character certificates that have no digital archives or database. No, we didn't go into the real issues of there being a systemic failure of driver approval or police records of an individual not being readily available. We simply banned Uber and similar apps that connect licensed drivers with needy customers in Delhi.This, somehow, is supposed to make women safer.Thousands of drivers lost their jobs overnight.Women in Delhi (along with many men), who used such apps to go from one place to the other, will no longer have the option to do so. What exactly are these commuters supposed to do instead? Well, there is no answer. Perhaps they can try their luck in hunting for an auto. If they do find one, the driver will either not agree to go to your destination or not follow the meter, thereby breaking a law the moment you get in. How exactly that will be a safer ride is not something the government wants to get into. Ban Uber and the like. End of story . Move on.
Why do we do this? Why do we as a society refuse to act in a reasonable, rational manner and choose emotional reactions and try to find an easy scapegoat? After all, would we dare to ban autos, or cycle-rickshaws, if a similar incident occurred in one? We attack the likes of Uber to dump guilt. We don't like Uber because it's new and foreign, something that scares us and appeals to our anti-innovation, anti-foreigner and regressive `I told you so' mentality when anything new goes wrong.
However, more important is what we actually need to do, which is to reform our police and RTO systems. The two main changes needed there are digitization and easy retrieval of records as well as a smoothly functioning, noncorrupt and harassment-free police force. Of course, these are big asks. But until we fix this, such incidents will continue to happen. Police verifications in India, although recommended and available, are either associated with harassment or bribes. Ditto for any work related to the RTO. The processes are made so onerous that most people avoid it. This is why most people do not police-verify their domestic helps or drivers.The irony of course is a bribe can get you the verification in any case, making a mockery of the entire process. It is this loophole the perpetrator used to get his documents, which in turn earned him a job. He could have become a driver at another taxi stand or radio taxi company and done the same crime. Hence, it ain't Uber we need to ban, but fix our own systems.
So is Uber not to blame here at all? Well, no.There is one mistake they did and there is a lot to learn from it. And that is they relied on the government approval system to enrol a driver.A character certificate from the police and a commercial driving license as the backing documents to hire a driver may be okay in other countries. However, in India, such things are easily arranged with a modest bribe or jugaad.If Uber is serious about being world-class, relying on our jugaad approval systems is unfortunately, a big mistake. Other small private tourist taxi owners, with a fleet of a dozen cabs, keep an eye on their drivers -who is drunk, who looks a bit odd, what's the word about him etc.Uber, by its nature as a global app that connects drivers and users, cannot do that. But that doesn't mean Uber is not for India. We cannot let an industry stay in the unorganized sector due to bad systems, else we will never be able to scale up. We need apps like Uber quite badly to fill the gap in our transport infrastructure.
Let us not do jugaad short-cuts in our attempts to address women's safety . Let's drive this the long way, by overhauling our systems of policing and regulating to make them reliable and trustworthy. That's the big specific lesson from the recent incident. Overall, for heaven's sake, let us respect our women. And you don't need the government's approval or an app for that.

How do losers remember the past A lesson from GermanyHow do losers remember the past? A lesson from Germany
By SWAPAN DASGUPTA,  | 14 Dec, 2014, 11.04AM IST
It has become an unwritten convention for `national' history to be viewed through the prism of a `national' historian.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
My only encounter with Professor Christopher Clark was at a high-table dinner at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge , courtesy an invitation from his torian Shruti Kapila, a fellow of the college. An amiable Australian, Clark was in a jolly mood and, after a facinating discussion on some lesser byways of German history , he amused me with some robust songs of pre-Weimar Germany .
In recent months, Clark, whose publications include a biography of Kaiser Wilhelm II and a best-selling study of the convoluted origins of World War I, has been much in demand over the centenary of that devastating conflict. So far, the commemorations have been most marked in France, Belgium, Britain and a few Commonwealth countries whose soldiers saw active service in both Europe and in the war against the Ottoman Empire. Yet, while these countries suffered grievously and lost an entire generation in the horrible battles, they were also on the winning side. There have been relatively few reports of how countries such as Germany and Austria, who were the proclaimed losers, have chosen to remember the Great War whose unhappy end sowed the seeds of another horrible war.
It was, therefore, heartening to find that Clark has been commissioned by a TV channel to do a series on the origins of the war for a German audience. This was an unusual move. It has become an unwritten convention for `national' history to be viewed through the prism of a `national' historian. The speculation is that Clark was selected for the project not merely on account of his fluency in German but because his larger conclusion is palatable to a Germany trying to overcome its guilt complex. Clark does not subscribe to the `evil Kaiser' theory and has concluded that the war was a function of unintended consequences. As the title of his book suggested, Europe sleepwalked its way into a war that crippled both winners and losers.
It is entirely possible that the colourful tabloid press in Britain will accuse Clark of supping with the enemy . That's not a serious charge.Far more important is an incidental question raised by Germany's attempt to shed its squeamishness over both World Wars: how do losers remember the past? This is an issue that has a bearing on India.For far too long -indeed, till the victory in the 1971 war -Indians have invariably been on the losing side in conflicts. There has been the odd occasion when a Maharana Pratap, a Lachchit Borphukan and a Shivaji momentarily turned the tables against superior foes. Overall, however, defeat and submission are conditions that are seeped into the larger Indian consciousness.
It is the long tradition of defeat that made Mahatma Gandhi's non-violent battle all the more significant. Gandhi's achievement was two-fold.First, he neatly converted a political movement into a moral war that his adversary just could not win. Secondly , he removed fear from the minds of a people that had hitherto experienced subjecthood, not citizenship.
Indian nationalism won a decisive victory against the British Raj in 1947. At the same time, the division of the country diluted the full impact of this triumph. India won political rights but a mere Constitution could not by itself restore its long-lost self-esteem fully . The military debacle in the Sino-Indian conflict of 1962 was, for example, an emotionally regressive moment that was partly offset by the Pakistani surrender in Dhaka in 1971. Since then, with many ups and some downs, India has been slowly coming to terms with the mentalities of a free people.
The process of self-realization is calculated to be both troubled and contested. As Germany is discovering in its short journey from defeat and disgrace in 1945 to economic fulfillment today ,a history that emerged from the depression of defeat is ill suited as a national narrative. Between the triumphalist militarism of Bismarck and the Kaiser and the depiction of Germans as Nazi mass murderers is an awkward reality that can both instruct and inspire. It can also lead to prolonged dejection and bouts of self-flagellation.
A history that is born of defeat needs to be an unending work in progress. Indians should be mindful of this before debunking revisionist history.

IIP drop not as bad as it looks  inflation not good eitherLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IIP drop not as bad as it looks, inflation not good either
There were as many as 10 holidays in October, which depressed output
Post your opinion here
 
The 4.2% contraction in Industrial output in October is not as bad as it looks; likewise the consumer inflation falling to 4.4% in November may not be as great as it looks.
First let me analyse the more stomach churning 4.2% contraction in industrial output in October. We can all recall that this October we got the largest number of public holidays ever. Dassera, Id, Gandhi Jayanti, Maharashtra election and Diwali all added up to a good 10 days of holidays.
Which means industrial output was at least one-third less than it tends to be in normal months. In fact even in 2011 when Dassera and Diwali occurred in the same month, the month on month fall in output was 3.7%. This time around it is a little over 5%, which can be explained by few more days of holidays because of Id and elections. The Nokia factory closing down also took its toll on the number finally. Without the fall in telephone instruments, the IIP would have been only 0.2% down, say many economists. Short point, the IIP number for October is a one-off. Output may likely rise sharply in November, especially because we already saw PMI rise to a 21-month high of 53.3 in Nov. Also car sales clearly showed an improvement.
This not to argue that industry is in fine fettle. All I am saying is, any knee jerk effort to pressure the RBI to cut rates may be unwarranted, especially when we know that several projects like gas based power projects and mining are suffering total inactivity for policy reasons, not because of rates.
Now, coming to CPI, consumer inflation was always expected to be below 5% simply because of the base effect. Nov 2013 had an inflation of 11.2%. As the base normalizes in January, inflation will surely rise above 5%. But let me not give the impression that the inflation data is not good news. The fall in vegetables, sugar, edible oils, Transport (because of petrol) and household requisites (again because of fuel prices) could be an enduring trend. Likewise the mild rise in cereals (despite a poor kharif) and in eggs, meat and fish also indicate some reduction in demand pull inflation. This probably reflects the fall in rural wages and the lower consumer buying power because of weak growth. However the signs of demand pull inflation can still be seen in the month on month increase in the prices of clothing, medicines, and education. They may decline in the months to come as rural buying power remains modest due to the muted rise in MSP or minimum support prices for the rabi season and due to some rationalisation in NREGS expenses. Slowdown in construction is also weaning away less rural labour and keeping wages subdued.  But these trends still need to be watched. I will also worry about two heavy food items: milk and pulses. Global milk inflation continues and milk prices have been rising sharply in India in Oct and Nov. So are pulses, though less than milk. These two weighty elements in the CPI can play spoilsport. Also the acreage sown in the rabi season is widely feared to be lower and hence an upward pressure in the hitherto dormant prices of wheat and other cereals cannot be ruled out.
In sum, inflation still needs to be watched. And industrial output, while not a great picture, can't be tuned up with interest rates. The RBI governor was right in not cutting rates and he must not be hastened by the political authorities or India Inc. May be watching the inflation numbers till March will be a good idea. He would have some idea of the budget too by then. The credit policy likely on March 31 or on April 7 may be the right time.
RELATED NEWS

A new technology that could help your smartphone track sleep disordersDec 14, 2014 at 03:41pm IST
A new technology that could help your smartphone track sleep disorders
37
2
New York: Researchers are working on a smartphone-based technology which can help track sleep disorders, like sleep apnea, much easier than visiting a doctor.
Using earbuds, equipped with an in-line microphone and an Apple iPhone, researchers from Florida State University and New Jersey-based Stevens Institute of Technology analysed participants' breathing habits during a six-month study.
When compared to a chest-worn respiration monitor, the smartphone-based device monitored participants' breathing to within half a breath per minute, the MIT Technology Review, a magazine published by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, reported.
Researchers are working on a smartphone-based technology which can help track sleep disorders, like sleep apnea, much easier than visiting a doctor. ( File sharing , via Shutterstock)
#smartphone #sleep disorders #technology
The team tested the sensitivity of the microphone on the earbuds for recording breathing rate and also modified the earbuds to act as additional microphones.
While the breathing rate was measured most accurately when the earphone was worn or kept next to a participant's pillow and multiple microphones were used, the study also showed it worked well with just the unmodified earphones on a bedside table.
According to Yingying Chen, an associate professor at Stevens Institute of Technology, the team plans to release a smartphone app to study sleep disorders next year.
"Using the app would be an accurate and significantly cheaper method to track quality of sleep and could help identify sleep apnea and other potential health problems," the study's authors noted.
A paper on the technology is scheduled to be presented at the IEEE Infocom conference in April, 2015.
39

Vivo X5 Max: The world s slimmest phone coming to India on December 1552
0
New Delhi: Chinese smartphone maker Vivo is all set to launch what is touted to be the world's slimmest phone in India on December 15, Monday. At 4.75mm, the Vivo X5 Max dethrones the recently launched Oppo R5 as the world's slimmest phone that measures 4.85mm thick.
The phone that debuted on December 10 in China has a 5.5-inch full HD screen (1920x1080 pixels) display, Qualcomm 615 64-bit quad-core processor, 2GB RAM and 16GB of internal storage, a 13-megapixel rear camera, and a 5 megapixel front camera.
The company is touted to have designed a motherboard for the Vivo X5 Max that is merely 1.7mm thin. The dual-SIM phone house a micro SIM card and a nano SIM card. Its memory is expandable up to 128GB.
At 4.75mm, the Vivo X5 Max dethrones the recently launched Oppo R5 as the world's slimmest phone that measures 4.85mm thick.

Lima climate deal results in precious little; India satisfiedPM Narendra Modi raises solar investment target to $100 bn by 2022
The Lima climate talks finally produced an agreement, but only just. After protracted negotiations that continued into the morning of Sunday, almost 36 hours after its scheduled close on Friday, the over 190 countries at the conference grudgingly agreed on a minimalist text that some climate advocacy groups described as “disastrously weak”.
Most of what Lima was supposed to deliver on has been put off for the time being with the hope that they would get decided in the run-up to and during the next climate change conference, in Paris in 2015.
India said it was satisfied with the final outcome as most of its interests had been protected.
“The final text addresses almost all our concerns. We got what we wanted,” environment minister Prakash Javadekar said.
“This is not the best text that we could have had. But it is certainly the best that we could have secured in the circumstances. Of course, we have to act aggressively on climate change within our own country and the Narendra Modi government is doing exactly that,” Javadekar said.
The conference in Lima was supposed to deliver two things.
It had to decide on the kind of actions that countries must take in order to claim them as their “contributions” in the global fight against climate change.
These ‘contributions’, the magnitude of which were to be determined by the country itself, and hence called Intended Nationally-Determined Contributions, or INDCs, are to become the backbone of a new international legal architecture on climate change that are supposed to be finalised at the Paris conference next year. The international climate architecture, if agreed in Paris, would come into effect in 2020.
In addition, the Lima conference was also supposed to suggest the other features of this international legal architecture on which countries could negotiate and come to an agreement in Paris. In other words, it had to prepare the contours of a draft negotiating text for Paris.
On both these counts, the Lima Call for Climate Action, as the final outcome is being called, delivered little. The draft negotiating text has been left blank, and an agreement on what exactly should be counted as “contributions” in INDCs could not be reached. Developing countries had been fighting to include adaptation measures as well in the INDCs while the developed countries were insisting that only emission-reducing actions should be counted.
As a result the non-agreement, countries will be free to present their INDCs next year in the manner they want. Some countries would present only mitigation actions while others may include adaptation as well. Still others have insisted that they would also include money and technology they need to take climate action.
But the absence of finality on the INDCs was not the only problem with the agreement reached in Lima. It barely addresses the issue of increasing the ambition of emission cuts by developed countries prior to 2020, when the new agreement will come into effect, and ensuring loss and damage compensation for poor and vulnerable countries that get affected by extreme climate events.
But the most dangerous part of the agreement, according to several climate groups present at the conference, was the one relating to Common But Differentiated Responsibilities (CBDR), a basic principle enshrined in the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCC) that allows developing countries to be treated differently, and lightly, from rich and industrialised countries on matters related to climate action.
While India said it was happy that CBDR had found an explicit mention — it was absent in an earlier version of the text — climate groups said the addition of the phrase “in light of different national circumstances” to CBDR severely diluted the principle. The additional phrase has been a direct lift from a recent agreement between the US and China, and has the potential to weaken the divide between developed and developing countries as and when “national circumstances” are perceived to have been changed.
“This totally compromises the position of developing countries. Differentiation is at the heart of climate negotiations. Developing countries might have to repent for letting this clause pass,” said Harjeet Singh, International Manager for Climate Change and Resilience at ActionAid International.
The European Union and the United States welcomed the Lima outcome as did many of the other countries.
“Although the EU wanted a more ambitious outcome from Lima, we believe that we are on track to agree a global deal in Paris next year,” said Miguel Arias Canete, EU Commissioner for Climate Action and Energy.
Climate advocacy groups were almost unanimous in describing the agreement as “weak” and “unjust”. A group of about 50 activists protested outside the plenary hall just as negotiators started walking in for the final meeting and shouted “No justice, No deal”.
“The year before the Kyoto Agreement was signed in 1997, the climate conference had collapsed. May be we needed a collapse here as well in order to get a good final legal agreement in Paris next year,” said Siddharth Pathak of Climate Action Network.
Post Comments
More from economy

BJP plans phase-wise stir to bring down Akhilesh govtWritten by Prashant Pandey | Mirzapur |
Posted: December 15, 2014 1:50 am
Seeking to expand its political space in the run up to the 2017 Assembly elections, the Uttar Pradesh BJP has decided to launch “phase-wise agitation”, primarily on the issues of corruption and law and order, to bring down the Akhilesh Yadav government.
In this connection, state BJP president Laxmikant Bajpai Sunday announced the constitution of a committee under the convenorship of senior MLA Satish Mahana and Ashok Kataria to plan the agitation.  “The agitation programme would peak in a phase-wise manner and will stop only after bringing down the present government,” Bajpai said at the conclusion of the two-day state executive committee meeting at Deorahva Baba Ashram near Vindhyachal.
The committee will prepare the blue print of the agitation in a week, Bajpai said, adding many woman MLAs too have been made part of the panel.
While the party had raised the issue of tainted Noida official Yadav Singh on Saturday, on Sunday it harped on the “massive corruption” of state minister Gayatri Prasad Prajapati who is facing allegations of scam in construction of check dams.
“The CM has no moral authority left now to claim that he intends to follow honest practices in the government. The complaint against Prajapati, who held a BPL card in 2002 and now owns over Rs 1,000-crore worth of property, was of 1,900 pages. But the CM did not even take 19 minutes to give clean chit to his minister,” Bajpai said.
He said the BJP will simultaneously be working on its membership drive while harping on development plank that earned it majority in the Lok Sabha elections. “Rashtravad (nationalism), sushashan (good governance) and vikas (development) are the only three issues on which BJP will fight and win the 2017 state elections,” said Bajpai.

ATK draw with Goa in home leg of semi-finalsports
ISL: Atletico de Kolkata draw with FC Goa in home leg of semi-final
Atletico de Kolkata and FC Goa squared in the first leg of the second semi-final of the Indian Super League in Kolkata on Sunday. Kolkata was cheered by more than 50, 000 fans. (Source: ISL)
ATK might have been down with injuries to 3 key players in Arnab Mondal, Biswajit Saha and Fikru Teferra but Goa too played with a fragile defence. (Source: ISL)
Both teams tried their best but none could find the back of the net and the match ended in a 0-0 draw after the 90 minutes. (Source: ISL)
The Kolkata outfit failed to win from six matches with their last win coming against North East United FC. (Source: ISL)
From the Goa team's perspective, the away draw would certain be a morale booster as they just need to win by a solitary goal margin in their return semi-final leg at home December 17. (Source: ISL)
Skip this Advertisement

Relief for Infra: Road builders eye Rs 60k c...You are here: Home > Collections
Government likely to award road projects worth Rs 60,000 crore
Rachita Prasad, ET Bureau Dec 15, 2014, 01.21PM IST
Tags:
EPC
(India is likely to award…)
MUMBAI: India is likely to award road projects worth Rs 60,000 crore in the last quarter of the fiscal to March, providing much-needed relief to infrastructure companies that have been struggling with dwindling order books and muted cash flows amid the lull in government contracts for almost three years.
The government is likely to award projects totalling 8,000 km primarily as EPC (engineering, procurement and construction) contracts, officials said. These cash contracts promise a shot in the arm for infrastructure companies, most of which have underutilised or idle labour and equipment."Large EPC projects are coming up for bidding in January-March and we hope to bag some of them. But there will be some aggression in bidding for these projects because people have not got large jobs in two years and they want these to utilise capacity," said Satish Parakh , managing director of Ashoka Buildcon.
The contractors that had forayed into project development are now looking at beefing up their EPC orders book. Most infrastructure companies have highly leveraged balance sheets and do not have appetite to take on any more projects under the BOT (build-operate-transfer) model as they don't want to increase the debt obligation.
Of the orders being tendered as EPC contracts by the National Highways Authority of India , six-eight were to be bid out as BOT projects earlier but the government decided to award them as cash projects in view of the reluctance of the developers to take up these projects.
"The government is trying to make cement and other raw materials available at discounted rates for these projects to reduce the billing and help these companies manage liquidity better," said Vinayak Chatterjee, chairman of infrastructure consultancy Feedback Infra. "Infrastructure companies will want to take up orders to improve utilisation of machine and labour but they should be careful that they don't erode margins while bidding aggressively," he added.
The ministry of road transport and highways is in the process of tying up with cement makers and steel manufacturers to ensure supplies for concrete road projects for the next one year. In a recent report, rating agency Crisil noted that an unprecedented pick-up in execution amid a proactive government and faster approvals by implementing agencies is visible among road projects as work on almost 75 per cent of the ones awarded in 2013-14 has started compared with just 18 per cent in the year-ago period.
"If the government swiftly implements the measures already announced and continues with efforts to further streamline approvals, we expect average delays to come down to less than six months over a period of time," said Prasad Koparkar, senior director, Crisil Research.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indias first indigenous nuclear submarine s...India’s first indigenous nuclear submarine gears up for maiden sea trials
By Rajat Pandit, TNN | 15 Dec, 2014, 08.44AM IST
The much-awaited milestone on the INS Arihant front comes just a fortnight after Navy chief Admiral Robin Dhowan said it would "very soon" head for sea trials.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: India's first indigenous nuclear submarine INS Arihant is now finally all set to make its maiden foray into the wide open sea. The 6,000-tonne vessel, with an 83MW pressurized light-water reactor at its core for propulsion, is slated to begin its sea trials off Visakhapatnam within the next few days.
INS Arihant, or the "annihilator of enemies'', and its two under-construction follow-on vessels are the critical missing link in the country's long-standing pursuit to have an operational nuclear weapons triad - the capability to fire nuclear warhead from land, air and sea.
While the Agni ballistic missiles and fighter-bombers constitute the first two legs, the triad's missing underwater leg has for long troubled the country's strategic establishment. Nuclear-powered submarines armed with nuclear-tipped ballistic missiles (SSBNs), after all, are considered the triad's most difficult-to-detect and effective leg. There is also growing concern over China stepping-up its submarine activity in the Indian Ocean.
The much-awaited milestone on the INS Arihant front comes just a fortnight after Navy chief Admiral Robin Dhowan said it would "very soon" head for sea trials. "The submarine's miniaturized reactor, which went critical in August 2013, has now attained 100% power. The power had to be slowly stepped up, just 5-10% at a time, with systematic pressure and other checks on all pipelines and machinery being conducted every time," said a source.
Fingers are now being kept crossed that there are no major hiccups during INS Arihant's sea-acceptance trials (SATS), which can take around 18 months, after the long-drawn harbour-acceptance trials (HATs) at the ship-building centre at Vizag.
The submarine will first undertake several surface sorties before it dives for a full range of underwater sorties. The SATs will also include test-firing of its K-15 ballistic missiles (750km range), which has so far been tested only from submersible pontoons around a dozen times.
The K-15 SLBM - INS Arihant can carry 12 of them in its four silos -- is short-range compared to the well over 5,000-km SLBMs brandished by the US, Russia and China. But an over 2,000-km range K-4 missile, tested for the first time in March this year, is also in the works.
The next SSBN , S-3 or INS Aridhaman , is also now ready for "launch" into water, while the third called S-4 is at an advanced fabrication stage in the building blocks. Simultaneously, the proposed project to build six SSNs (nuclear-powered attack submarines without ballistic missiles) at Vizag is also being finalized, as earlier reported by TOI.
The Navy currently operates one SSN in the shape of INS Chakra, obtained on a 10-year lease for Russia for around $1 billion, while negotiations are underway to acquire another such boat. While these submarines have short-range cruise missiles, they are not armed with nuclear missiles because of international treaties like the Missile Technology Control Regime.

Top 10 stocks in focus in Monday morning tradeTen stocks in focus in Monday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 15, 2014, 08.20AM IST
Tags:
Alstom T&D India Ltd
("We will see more weakness…)
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Monday tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets.
"We will see more weakness on Monday and I do not see a bounce back of more than 30-35 points, which is around 8,250-8,260," says Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth.
"The Nifty closed at 8,225 on Friday. I would be surprised if that happens and on the downside, I would first talk of a level of 8,150. So I am looking at a very clear 70 to 80-point downside and we can probably see some consolidation around those levels," he adds.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
TCS Ltd: Tata Consultancy Services , India's largest information technology outsourcing company said it expects a seasonally weak third quarter, because of the holiday season in its key markets impacting some of its main verticals.
Tata Motors Ltd : Global wholesales, including those of Jaguar Land Rover , went up 2.4 per cent in November 2014 to 83,906 vehicles compared with the year-ago period.
ONGC: State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) announced three new oil and gas discoveries in Krishan Godavari Basin and Mumbai offshore and said it will pay its shareholders an interim dividend of 100 per cent.
Coal India: With the stock market appearing to lose steam in the past few days and key global financial markets headed for year-end holidays, the government has decided to defer big-ticket disinvestments in Coal India and ONGC until January.
Alstom T&D India Ltd: The company has received orders worth around 32 million euros (Rs 247 crore) from Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company to build 400/220 kV grid substations at Kudus, Alkud and Kondhwain in the state.
Oil India Ltd: Oil India Ltd , the second largest state explorer, has signed contract for two offshore oil and gas blocks it had bagged in Myanmar.
GMR Hyderabad International Airport Limited, a subsidiary of GMR Infrastructure Limited , has acquired remaining 44.61 per cent stake owned by Malaysia Aerospace Engineering SDN BHD (MAE) in MAS GMR Aerospace Engineering Company Limited (MGAE), as per stock market disclosure.
Whirlpool of India: Consumer durables major Whirlpool will open 15 showrooms for built-in kitchen appliances across the country in the next one year as part of its plans to log Rs 200 crore turnover by 2017-2018 for the new category.
Financial Technologies Ltd: Indian Energy Exchange is in talks with its erstwhile promoter FTIL, which is in the process of exiting the bourse, for buying out the application software and other solutions used for its trading platform.
Maruti Suzuki Ltd: Auto manufacturers are set to increase prices in January, blaming it on rising costs. Maruti Suzuki will increase prices after 14 months, the longest in the history of the nation's largest carmaker by sales.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil@5 1/2-yr low | Low prices may not be good for IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections
Oil plunges to 5 1/2-year low, Asian shares on defensive
Reuters Dec 15, 2014, 07.03AM IST
Tags:
Asian shares
(Oil prices sank more than…)
TOKYO: Oil prices sank more than two per cent to 5 1/2-year lows early on Monday on concerns about a supply glut and slower global growth, feeding fears for energy and commodities producers and exporters.
Investors were nervous after US shares posted their biggest weekly fall in 2 1/2-years last week on losses led by energy sector, and as they expect the US Federal Reserve to hint this week it is getting closer to raising interest rates.
US crude futures fell more than 2.5 per cent at one point to as low as $56.25 per barrel in quiet early Monday Asian trade, showing no sign of life even after a fall of almost 50 per cent from the June peak.
The world's energy watchdog late last week forecast even lower prices next year on weaker demand and increased supply, sparking a fresh waving of selling.
Oil's relentless slide pounded energy stocks and currencies exposed to crude exports on Friday, dousing the appetite for riskier assets.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.5 per cent to their lowest level since March in early trade as resource-heavy Australian shares fell 1.0 per cent.
Japan's Nikkei share average fell 0.7 per cent, drawing little momentum from Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's big election victory, which was a boost for his reflationary economic policies.
Energy-exporting emerging market currencies were strained, with the Brazilian currency hitting 9 1/2-year low and the Russian rouble hitting all-time low.
The Australian dollar dipped 0.2 per cent to $0.8215 , ticking down near its 4 1/2-year low of $0.8204 hit last week.
The currency has so far seen limited impact from a hostage incident linked to Islamic militants. Police have locked down the Australian central bank and the heart of Sydney's financial district..
  Falls in risk asset prices are pushing investors into the safety of government debt and other traditional safe havens such as the yen.
The dollar fell to as low as 117.78 yen, edging near two-week low of a 117.445 hit last week, though the yen cut gains after the Bank of Japan's tankan corporate sentiment survey showed business sentiment at big manufacturers declined in December. It dollar last stood at 118.50, down 0.3 per cent.
The dollar's index against a basket of six other major currencies slipped about 0.2 per cent to 88.169, moving further away from a 5 1/2-year high of 89.550 hit a week ago.
"The risk-off sentiment may support the yen against the dollar in the next couple of days, though I do think the market will become bullish on the dollar after the Fed's meeting," said Osao Iizuka, chief dealer at Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank.
US Treasuries also gained, with the 10-year yield slipping to two-month low of 2.071 per cent.
Still, improving US economic data has added to bets that the Federal Reserve is moving closer to raising interest rates next year.
Many investors expect that the US central bank may change its vow to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" when it meets for a two-day policy meeting starting on Tuesday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

House to Take up Insurance  Companies BillsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

ONGC notifies three discoveriesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Steve Smith becomes Australias 45th Test captainSteve Smith becomes Australia’s 45th Test captain
PTI
Steve Smith
Brisbane, Dec 15:  
Young all-rounder Steve Smith was today named Australia’s captain for the second cricket Test against India, replacing an injury-ravaged Michael Clarke who is unlikely to play in the remaining matches of the ongoing series.
“Cricket Australia has announced that Steven Smith has been appointed vice-captain of the Australian Test team effective immediately and will captain the Australian side in the absence of Michael Clarke,” CA said in a statement.
The 25-year-old, who smashed 162 not out in the first innings and was 52 not out in the second essay of the opening Test which Australia won by 48 runs, thus became the 45th Test captain of the side and one of the youngest ever to take up the role.
“Clarke is expected to miss the remainder of the Commonwealth Bank Test Series against India due to an injured right hamstring,” the CA said.
Current vice-captain Brad Haddin, who led the Australian side on the final day of the Adelaide Test, will serve as Smith’s deputy in Brisbane.
The appointment was recommended by CA’s National Selection Panel and was endorsed by CA’s Board of Directors last night.
When Clarke returns to the side he will do so as captain with Smith serving as deputy.
“These are difficult circumstances given Michael’s injury and the fact that we don’t know how long he will be out of the game,” National Selector Rod Marsh said.
“What we do know is that it won’t be an overnight fix so after a lot of thought we have taken the opportunity to appoint an emerging young leader as captain until such time as Michael regains fitness and returns to the side.
“We congratulate Steve on the wonderful honour of leading his country. On Wednesday, he will become Australia’s 45th Test captain and at the age of 25 will become one of our youngest leaders. He is an exceptional young man who is highly regarded by the National Selection Panel not only for his fine performances with the bat but also his maturity and clear leadership potential,” he added.
(This article was published on December 15, 2014)
Related

Apollo Tyres: In a sweet spotApollo Tyres
Rating: Buy
Apollo Tyres Ltd is the second largest tyre manufacturer in India. The company’s standalone business is in a sweet spot as the domestic CV segment (64% of standalone business) is on the cusp of a recovery while key raw material prices (rubber and crude) have softened substantially (Q2FY15 India gross margins up by 380 bps quarter-on-quarter.) Natural rubber prices are expected to remain muted, as supply will continue to outpace demand over the next two years. This will drive an EPS CAGR (earnings per share, compound annual growth rate) of 23% over FY14-17e for ATL.
The company is more than doubling its capacity in Europe to tap new geographies (Russia & Eastern Europe) and segments (CV & OEM), where it has already demonstrated capabilities by doubling its market share (1.7% to 3%). The domestic market dynamics and the company’s long-term strategy for overseas markets give us visibility that ATL will remain resilient in a largely cyclical industry.
Europe realisations and Ebitda (earnings before interest taxes depreciation and amortisation) per tyre are 3x vs Indian operations, which will lead to improved growth once enhanced capacity kicks in from FY17e. We initiate coverage with a ‘Buy’ and a target price of R300. ATL will be biggest beneficiary of domestic CV (commercial vehicle) cycle recovery and radialisation. It commands a 27% market  share in the CV segment.
Spurred by the revival in domestic economic activity, fleet utilisation levels have started improving, which is expected to translate into pent-up demand for CVs in the near future. That, in turn will aid ATL in growing its Indian operations’ revenue by 15%/20%/8% in FY15e/FY1e/ FY17e, respectively..
The company is expanding aggressively to capture incremental demand. With improvement in radial mix in the revenue pie, ATL is expected to report better margins going forward.
Expansion/dual brand strategy to drive growth in Europe: To achieve a global footprint, ATL acquired Vredestein in Europe. Post-acquisition, the company doubled the market share to 3% and its revenue grew at 19% CAGR due to geographic expansion and entry into new segments. ATL has adopted a dual brand strategy in Europe, positioning Vredestein as a premium tyre brand while launching Apollo-branded tyres to cater to the mid-market segment.
Further, the company is expanding its European presence by setting up capacity in Hungary to tap new geographies like Eastern Europe and Russia. Apollo-Vresdestein’s successful dual brand strategy and consistently better-than-industry growth rate give us confidence about ATL’s planned foray in Eastern Europe and Russia over the long term.
—Edelweiss
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

MNCs had a bumpy yearEarnings growth, policy, rate cut to shape market movement in 2015
We analyse the recently released FY14 financials of the Indian subsidiaries of the global auto majors. Since all these MNC subsidiaries are unlisted, their data come with a lag. The biggest players among these MNCs by market share in the Indian market,  from the largest to the smallest, are Hyundai, Honda, Toyota, Ford, General Motors, Volkswagen and Nissan. Of these, the smaller companies—Nissan and Volkswagen—export a large proportion of their local production (>60%); hence we only consider the five biggest MNCs (Hyundai, Toyota, Honda, Ford and GM). These five together have a 35% market share in the Indian passenger vehicle industry. Combined with the three Indian majors (Maruti, Mahindra and Tata Motors), the eight auto OEMs (original equipment manufacturers) together command a 95% market share in the Indian PV (passenger vehicle) space.
The past few years have been tough for the auto industry with the market having three straight years of subdued growth/decline. Moreover, Maruti, Honda and Hyundai are the only companies to have gained material market share in the last two years, while all other companies saw either flattish or declining market shares. Toyota, VW and GM (the three biggest OEMs in the world) have all had market share loss over the past two years, along with the big market share loss for the other two India-based OEMs, Tata Motors and M&M.
So, domestic volumes for all of these companies fell in the period. Most OEMs anyway have plans to make India an export hub; some of those plans got accelerated with the sharp  currency depreciation. While Hyundai (40%) and Nissan (70%) were already exporting a large portion, others such as Ford, Toyota and VW saw large increases in the share of exports. This helped the companies improve their utilisation levels, and profitability.
With the exception of Honda, profitability for the rest in FY14 was stagnant or declined; in contrast, Maruti saw a 200 basis point margin expansion. Hyundai is the only company with profitability close to Maruti and its margins were stable last year. This is a bit surprising given that Hyundai India exports 40% of its production and should have gained significantly from the INR depreciation.
Barring Hyundai, the rest were just about at break-even or loss-making even at the Ebitda level. Honda’s profits were severely impacted in FY12 and FY13 with margins falling to negative 20% as it was impacted by issues like the yen appreciation, calamities in Thailand (floods) and Japan (nuclear accident). it saw a big improvement in FY14, but still had negative Ebitda  margins. GM saw its profit margins contract, followed by smaller declines for Toyota and Ford.
Mirroring the Ebitda, Hyundai was the only one with healthy operating cash flows followed by Toyota. The rest all had negative operating cash flows. Free cash flow was negative for them.
Honda and Ford are the two companies in the middle of increasing capacity—Honda with the new Rajasthan plant and Ford with the new Gujarat plant. Consequently, the capex intensity of these was the highest. Hyundai has comparatively old capacity.  This, combined with the fact that the company is operating at near full utilisation, resulted in the highest net fixed  asset turnover for Hyundai, even higher than Maruti.
Another weak year: We notice that for the top MNCs in India FY14 was another weak year as the market remained muted and all the large companies barring Honda and Hyundai lost market share. With the exception of Hyundai, all other companies were just about breaking even or loss-making even at the Ebitda level. Honda’s profits improved from FY13’s depressed levels. GM saw a big decline in profits and return ratios followed by smaller declines for Ford and Toyota.
Currency movements largely beneficial: Both the INR and the JPY depreciated significantly during the year and these currency movements were largely beneficial for the Indian auto industry. Companies such as Maruti (300 bp) and Honda (800 bp) saw gross margin expansion on the back of the JPY depreciation.
Maruti’s margins higher than Hyundai’s: Hyundai is the only one with profitability close to Maruti and has been operating at near full capacity as it has not expanded its capacity significantly for some time, resulting in lower fixed costs. Royalty payments for Hyundai India were also 300 bp lower than Maruti’s. Despite this, Maruti’s margins averaged over 100 bp higher than Hyundai’s, primarily on 500 bp higher gross  margins due to higher volume scale, in house production and superior localisation. This is a key advantage for the company which competition will take time to replicate, in our view.
—Credit Suisse
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Long duration gilt funds best suited for investors: Sujoy DasLong-duration gilt funds best suited now among debt products: Sujoy Das
Chandan Kishore Kant | Mumbai Dec 15, 2014 10:49 PM IST
With anticipation of cuts in interest rates early in the coming calendar year, fixed income products are back in vogue. Sujoy Das, head of fixed income at Religare Invesco Mutual Fund, to Chandan Kishore Kant on the economic outlook and what investors should expect and do. Edited excerpts:
Can the next six to 18 months replicate the returns one has made in fixed income products over the past one year?
We have seen an approximate decline of 100 basis points in yields over a year. Over the next six to 18 months, we expect a measured decline of yields with the (expected) reduction in repo rates (at which the central bank lends to banks). The shift of benefits from producers to consumers, due to lower oil prices globally, will continue to support a benign imported (fuel) inflation for India, which depends heavily on imported crude.
Moderation in Minimum Support Price increases and a part amendment to the Agriculture Produce Market Committee law by keeping fruit and vegetables out of its ambit has effected a moderation in domestic (food) inflation. For these reasons, lower inflation is expected to continue for India in the forseeable future.
Which category of debt funds can really fetch investors the desired returns?
Long-duration gilt funds are best suited at this point. Investors are encouraged to select a duration of funds longer than their investment horizon. As the structural decline in inflation could take years to reverse, investors should ideally get into funds with a longer duration.
Where do you see the 10-year bond yield heading to, say, the next six to 12 months?
It will closely track the repo rate and move with it. The repo rate can decline progressively with the decline in Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation. The Reserve Bank is also expected to move towards a one per cent real interest rate over the CPI and the 10-year benchmark is expected to closely snug the repo rate decline. Depending on the markets' expectations, the 10-year yield can also briefly drop below the repo rate if the rate reduction expectation draws closer.
Any bottom in the foresight for crude oil prices?
The decline will continue till Opec (the petroleum exporters' cartel) members can continue production without getting into a budget deficit. As shale oil technology moves towards a lower cost of production, the tilt in the dynamics of oil prices appear to be at a very early stage of a protracted tussle. As these changes in commodity cycles can take years to reverse, we expect the present lower prices to continue till Opec member-countries can sustain these levels without tipping into budget deficits. Their foreign exchange reserves, of billions of dollars, will support the oil exporting countries’ potency in this price war.
Do not you think such low prices of crude might not augur well for the global economy, including India, beyond a certain limit? Falling crude prices indirectly also means retarding of growth.
It’s good for getting back growth, as the benefits of a lower price get transferred to consumers, without being stashed away in sovereign wealth funds. It can tilt the investments of sovereign wealth funds and alter the course of investments into global markets. As the benefits of lower commodity prices get transferred to consumers, India, for example, can save around two per cent of its gross domestic product (GDP) over a year. It is a big positive for getting back an economic growth-led recovery.
What risk factors could dash the market’s hopes for imminent interest rate cuts?
A spiralling rupee as the dollar strengthens due to slowing growth in Europe and quantitative easing in Japan. The risk aversion of foreign investors in favour of stronger currencies such as the dollar can keep them away for some time. The second big risk is of execution by the Government of India. The lower inflation target of RBI rests upon the government improving the fiscal position and reaching its targeted fiscal deficit of three per cent of GDP by FY17.
Recently, the issue of a current account deficit (CAD) resurfaced. Could it be a major risk for RBI if not controlled?
The increase in the deficit is likely to narrow once the benefit of an oil price decline begins to get absorbed . While there might be some resurfacing of risks, the benefit from the pass-through of lower prices is expected to be large enough to override such issues from the CAD.

A fitness band that aims to take on gymsA fitness band that aims to take on gyms
Sohini Das |  Dec 15, 2014 12:48 AM IST
A fitness tracker that comes for free; consumer pay only for advice. Stuff of dreams? Nah! Goqii fitness tracker - developed by entrepreneur Vishal Gondal - is one such product. It comes for free, consumers pay for the advice they get from a dedicated fitness coach.
As a teenager, Vishal Gondal created the popular gaming company Indiagames and released Kargil War - a bloodthirsty game on the eponymous conflict between India and Pakistan - earning him national fame and felicitation from the Indian Army. So, when he ventured into the wearable technology segment, expectations were high for him to gun down novelties.
He did just that.
The inspiration for Goqii came from Gondal's own experience with such wearable devices that gave him only data.
"It was just data, nothing else. Then I met a fitness coach who interpreted it. I realised we need not just data but someone to analyse it," said the 38-year-old, once known as "India's King of Gaming".
He added: "No one is going to change their lifestyle themselves."
Band of health
The Goqii fitness tracker is a band to be worn on the wrist.
It measures one's steps, calories burnt, distance travelled, and even tracks the sleeping patterns. The user has to connect the device with his smartphone or personal computer through bluetooth to download the data. At the time of purchasing Goqii one has to fill in details related to one's lifestyle and a suitable lifestyle coach is assigned to the user. One can stay in touch with the coach through daily chats and monthly audio or video calls. The coach has access to the statistics produced by the device and can suggest suitable changes to improve your overall health.
Gondal said: "How can Goqii help one to stimulate the mind, the body and the soul? The body is motivated by physical fitness and nutrition, the mind by habits and behaviour and the soul by 'karma'."
Goqii - meaning "be the force" in Chinese - has a strong 'karma' points system. For every 390 steps taken by the user, he or she gets one 'karma' point and a charity of his choice gets an equivalent amount of money. Goqii has tied up with international non-profit organisation Oxfam.
Competition
Gondal feels confident that Goqii is head and shoulders ahead of competition with existing wearable technology brands in the market, like Nike, Fitbit and Jawbone Up.
"Our competitor is the gymnasium. Our price - Rs 1,000 - is similar to a gym membership," he said.
People go to a gym for a few days and stop but with the Goqii band, one can walk around in one's office or home and track one's physical activity levels.
One has to pay around Rs 6,999 for a six-month membership and over Rs 11,999 for a 12-month pack.
Goqii's business model is subscription. There are plans to open the platform to other fitness devices as well who might want to use the Goqii eco-system of fitness experts.
Road ahead
Having recently started in India, the company has already has a few thousand users, and is looking to launch in the US around December. Goqii's headquarter is in California with offices in Mumbai and Shenzhen (China). Gondal feels that as people become more fitness conscious, and the adoption rates of gadgets increases, the future for platforms like Goqii is bright. The company, however, has no plans to integrate medical technology with the product.
"We are not a medical product, we are a lifestyle product," Gondal said.
Goqii is, however, planning to open its platform to other devices as well.
"Our thing is about how we coach all people who are wearing fitness devices. We will be opening our platform to other devices as well," he said.
Only recently has the company has tied up with e-commerce site Amazon to sell the Goqii band along with the Goqii plan around the personal coaches analysing the user's data. This is expected to expand its reach and visibility significantly.
While he did not wish to share details about the funds raised from investors, the company's website lists the following as leading angel investors; Amit Singhal (Google), Anil Godhwani (Habitera), Bharat Vasan (MyBasis), Dr Shriram Nene, Esther Dyson, Goutam Godhwani (Simply Hired), Kanwaljit Bombra (Dell), Madhuri Dixit-Nene (actress), Mahesh Samat (Epic), Mike McNamara (Flextronics), Prashant Gulati(TiE), Sanjay Parthasarthy (Indix), Sanjay Vaswani, Steve Luczo (Segate), Taher Khorakiwala and Vijay Vashee (Microsoft).
An industry expert, who did not wish to named, felt that one of the challenges for the start-up could be that its competitors are mostly established sports brands like Nike.
"While Gondal might be a name in the gaming space, and is also credited as an entrepreneur, however, Goqii is yet to make a mark as a sports brand. If he does not wish to position it as a healthcare brand, the other likely positioning would be of a sports brand, and association with an already established sports brand can prove to be an edge for its competitors," he said.
EXPERT TAKE: Rakshit Tandon
There has been many similar products gaining market recently like Jawbone and Microsoft.
I feel the best innovation for Goqii is the advice from the fitness expert it provides. In today's lifestyle, where people do join gyms but have no time to go regularly, this would be a great idea. Getting advice on your device will really help. This is a great idea to use technology for your health and fitness. The concept is great and should be promoted globally.
However, while getting advice is relevant, keeping a track on one's daily activities and routine is essential. A gadget cannot substitute your physical workout or diet. That has to be an individual's effort.
So this product will not exactly substitute gymming but will be like an assistant in advising and keeping one alert of one daily physical activities.
Rakshit Tandon is the director of A & R Info Security Solutions Pvt Ltd and consultant of Internet and Mobile Association of India

Gunman holds hostages in Sydney cafThree killed as Australian police end Sydney café siege
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bf07e224-83f5-11e4-8a84-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modis Diplomacy: Yoga  Democracy and Indias SoftPowerPosted: December 15, 2014 10:19 am
 
The United Nations General Assembly last week declared June 21 as the annual ‘International Day of Yoga’, following an appeal by Prime Minister Narendra Modi three months ago. This small but interesting step underlines the immense possibilities for projecting India’s soft power under Modi.
But the extremist Hindutva groups are undermining Modi’s soft power strategy with their aggressive promotion of a culture of intolerance and the politics of hate. It is not clear if the government is computing the external costs of lending political impunity to these groups at home.
When he addressed the UN General Assembly in September, Modi urged the United Nations to support the promotion of yoga around the world. Calling “yoga is an invaluable gift of our ancient tradition”, Modi argued that “yoga embodies unity of mind and body; thought and action; restraint and fulfilment”
Modi insisted that yoga is about “harmony between man and nature; a holistic approach to health and wellbeing. It is not about exercise but to discover the sense of oneness with yourself, the world and the nature”. “By changing our lifestyle and creating consciousness”, Modi suggested, yoga “can help us deal with climate change”, he said.
The Foreign Office quickly mobilised support for the proposal and won the support of 175 sponsors at the UNGA for the resolution on international day of yoga. The resolution was adopted through an acclamation.
The extraordinary support that the proposal won at the United Nations underlines the growing popularity of yoga worldwide. It is only in a few places that yoga is seen as a Hindu religious ritual and viewed with great suspicion.
Yoga’s international popularity has little to do with the government in Delhi. A variety of factors, including the spread of the Indian diaspora, the globalisation of popular culture and the recognition of its health benefits, helped generate near universal interest in yoga.
One can only hope Modi does not introduce the heavy hand of the Indian bureaucracy into the promotion of yoga around the world. Whether it is yoga or Bollywood, Indian soft power has steadily grown over the decades precisely because the government had nothing do with it.
The Modi government should also distance itself from the efforts of Hindu groups at home and abroad that want to “take back yoga”. The attempt to claim exclusive Hindu ownership will only invite a backlash, from state and non-state actors, elsewhere in the world.
Yoga is not the only focus of Modi’s soft power strategy. During his travels to Bhutan, Nepal, Japan, the United States, Myanmar, Australia and Fiji, Modi has consistently emphasized the importance of Indian democracy. Along with economic ‘demand’ and a youthful ‘demography’, Modi has affirmed, “democracy” makes India a valuable partner for the world.
To be sure, Modi is not the first Indian leader to identify democracy as central to India’s international identity. Soon after independence, non-alignment and anti-Western orientation continued…

Miss South Africa crowned Miss World  Koyal Rana in top10By: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: December 15, 2014 10:19 am
South African beauty Rolene Strauss was today crowned Miss World 2014 at a glittering ceremony in London as India’s Koyal Rana lost out, finishing in the top 10.
Miss Hungary, Edina Kulcsar, was the runner-up in the contest and Miss United States, Elizabeth Safrit, came in third as an estimated billion viewers watched the finale on television around the globe.
Priyanka Chopra was the last Indian winner of the coveted title in 2000.
21-year-old Jaipur-born Rana made it to the top 10 but failed to make it to the top five. Rana, however, bagged the sub-title of Best Designer of the world where she was seen standing gorgeously tall in a Falguni & Shane Peacock gown. She also shared the “Beauty With A Purpose” title with Kenya, Guyana, Brazil and Indonesia.
She was amongst top five in the Beach Beauty contest.
Rana, who is an active social worker and has an NGO, performed to a bollywood song at the start of the event. “I am extremely thankful to Miss India Organization, my family and friends for supporting me through this wonderful journey. It was a wonderful experience,” Rana said after the event.
She is currently the face of fbb, Neutrogena and many more fashion brands. She has also been a showstopper for top designers and jewellery brands.
22-year-old Strauss, a medical student, beat 121 contestants across the globe to the coveted title and was presented with the sash by the outgoing Miss World, Megan Young of the Philippines.
She then sat in the winner’s throne as the 2013 champion put the glittering crown on her head at the ExCeL exhibition centre in east London.
“South Africa this is for you. I think I will brace myself for what’s about to happen. It’s a huge responsibility,” she said.
The Miss World pageant returned to the British capital city for the 2014 edition after its inception 63 years ago. The events started on November 20, culminating in the grand finale tonight.
The event this year has been overshadowed by the murder of Miss Honduras, 19-year-old Maria Jose Alvarado, who was shot dead with her sister in their homeland last month on the day she was due to travel to London.
This year’s winner will travel to the violence-hit central American nation to build a school named in their honour.

Gunman takes several people hostage at SydneycafeBy: Press Trust of India | Sydney |
Posted: December 15, 2014 10:10 am | Updated: December 15, 2014 10:13 am
An armed man today took undisclosed number of people hostage at a popular cafe here and displayed an Islamic flag with Arabic script in the window, sparking a security alert in Australia.
Check Live updates here: Sydney LIVE
Authorities sealed off surrounding streets, evacuated people from buildings, and suspended rail services following the incident at the Lindt Chocolate Cafe in Martin Place, in the heart of the city’s business district.
Martin Place is a public pedestrian thoroughfare through the heart of Sydney, joining its parliamentary, legal and retail districts.
Television footage showed people inside the cafe with their hands pressed against the window holding the black flag known as Shahadah, a prayer spoken in mosques daily, and not a flag specific to the Islamic State.
Lindt Australia executive says there are about 10 staff and up to 30 customers trapped in the cafe. Police declined to comment on the number of hostages involved.
Andrew Scipione, the New South Wales Police Commissioner, said that there was only a single gunman involved.
“I can confirm for you that we have an armed offender in the premises holding an undisclosed number of hostages in the city, in the Martin Place area,” he said.
However, he has made clear that police are not in direct contact with the hostage taker.
“My advice is we haven’t had contact with the armed offender,” he said. “We’re still not in a position to determine where the individual is from”.
Scipione said at this stage police were treated it as a hostage situation but were “on a footing consistent with a terrorist act”.
“We are working as long as we need to to bring this to a peaceful outcome,” he said.
Martin Place, Sydney Opera House, State Library and all court houses here have been evacuated.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott convened a meeting of his security inner circle in his cabinet to discuss the response to the hostage-taking.
“This is obviously a deeply concerning incident but all Australians should be reassured that our law enforcement and security agencies are well trained and equipped and are responding in a thorough and professional manner,” Abbott said.
“We don’t yet know the motivation of the perpetrator, we don’t know whether this is politically motivated, although obviously there are some indications that it could be,” Abbott said at a short media briefing held in Canberra, Australia’s capital.
“There are people, even in a society such as ours, who would wish to do us harm”.
“The whole point of politically motivated violence is to scare people out of being themselves,” he said.
“Australia is a peaceful, open and generous society and othing should ever change that and that is why I would urge all Australians today to go about their business as usual.”
Abbott said security agencies had not detected any particular plots but the raised alert level meant there continued…

PM Narendra Modi describes Sydney terror attack as disturbingWritten by Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi |
Posted: December 15, 2014 9:57 am | Updated: December 15, 2014 10:11 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday described the ongoing hostage situation in Sydney as “disturbing”.
“Such acts are inhuman & deeply unfortunate. I pray for everyone’s safety,” Modi tweeted.
The hostage situation in Australia brings focus to the growing ISIS threat in the country, which New Delhi will be monitoring closely in the wake of the newly-agreed security framework between the two countries that was signed last month.
According to initial reports, armed men are holding up to 50 people hostage at a cafe in Martin place in Sydney. There are reports that two gunmen have taken hostages at the popular Lindt chocolate shop, which has several entrances.
This incident comes close on the heels of the Australian government accusing ISIS of using foreign fighters as “cannon fodder,” as the number of Australians killed while fighting alongside militants in Syria and Iraq rose to 20.
The Australian government estimates at least 70 Australians are fighting with terrorist groups in Iraq and Syria. Last week, Australian Attorney General George Brandis said in a report published Tuesday that members of ISIS are tricking Westerners into believing they are playing a key part of a religious crusade.
“They are simply using them as front-line cannon fodder, suicide bombers and propaganda tools,” Brandis had said. For India, this incident is likely to witness a closer cooperation with Australia on counter-terrorism.
Last month, Modi and Australian PM Tony Abbott had decided to establish a Framework for Security Cooperation to reflect the deepening and expanding security and defence engagement between India and Australia, and to intensify cooperation and consultation between Australia and India in areas of mutual interest.
Under the theme of “Counterterrorism and other Transnational Crimes”, the framework set up an annual Joint Working Group on Counter Terrorism and other Transnational Crimes.
The new pact calls for cooperation in CT training and exchanges between experts on countering improvised explosive devices, bomb incidents and technologies.
“Exchanges on counter-radicalisation” is one of the key areas, apart from cooperation between police on investigation of transnational crime.
In the ongoing hostage situation in Australia, some members of staff could be seen wearing their shop aprons and standing with their hands up at the windows. There is also a black and white flag being held up in a window. It is believed to be the Black Standard, a jihadist flag.
Lindt Australia CEO Steve Loane told the media he believes there are 40 to 50 people inside the cafe, including customers and staff. Police handcuffed a man 200m from the cafe siege but a police statement has since clarified the arrest was unrelated to the siege.
Last week, Australia used tough new counterterrorism laws to make it a criminal offense for Australians to travel to the Syrian province of Raqqa because of ISIS’s hold on the war-ravaged region.

Sydney siege: Hostages forced to hold Islamic flag |  Unclear if politically motivatedChristmas
(Australia, a staunch ally…)
SYDNEY: Five people have fled from a Sydney cafe where a gunman took an unknown number of hostages at the height of Monday morning rush hour. Two people inside the cafe were earlier seen holding up a flag containing an Islamic declaration of faith.
The first development came six hours after the hostage crisis began, when three men were seen running from a fire exit of the Lindt Chocolat Cafe in downtown Sydney.
Shortly afterward, two women, one after another, sprinted from the cafe and into the arms of heavily armed police. Both were wearing aprons with the Lindt chocolate logo, indicating they were cafe employees.
"We do not have any information that suggests that anybody is harmed at this stage," New South Wales Police Deputy Commissioner Catherine Burn said, after the first three hostages had emerged.
St. Vincent's hospital spokesman David Faktor said a male hostage was in a satisfactory condition in the hospital's emergency department. He was the only one of the freed hostages to be taken to a hospital.
"He's in a satisfactory condition, so he's sitting up and that's all we can give out. We can't talk about the reason for his presentation," Faktor said.
It was not clear how many people remained inside the cafe located at Martin Place, a plaza in the heart of the city's financial and shopping district that is packed with holiday shoppers this time of year. Many of those inside the cafe would have been taken hostage as they stopped in for their morning coffees.
New South Wales state Police Commissioner Andrew Scipione said police did not know the gunman's motivation.
"We have not yet confirmed it is a terrorism-related event," Scipione said. "We're dealing with a hostage situation with an armed offender and we are dealing with it accordingly."
Burn said that police negotiators have made contact with the gunman.
Hundreds of police flooded into the area, streets were closed and offices evacuated. The public was told to stay away from Martin Place, home to the state premier's office, the Reserve Bank of Australia, and the headquarters of two of the nation's largest banks. The state parliament house is a few blocks away.
Watch: Sydney hostage crisis: Black flag with Arabic writing spotted in cafe window
Television footage shot through the cafe's windows showed several people with their arms in the air and hands pressed against the glass, and two people holding up a black flag with the Shahada, or Islamic declaration of faith, written on it.
The Shahada translates as "There is no God but Allah and Muhammad is His messenger." It is considered the first of Islam's five pillars of faith, and is similar to the Lord's Prayer in Christianity. It is pervasive throughout Islamic culture, including the green flag of Saudi Arabia. Jihadis have expropriated the Shahada in their own black flag.
"We don't know whether this is politically motivated, although obviously there are some indications that it could be," Prime Minister Tony Abbott told reporters in the nation's capital, Canberra.
Heavily armed officers were lined up outside the cafe, and a man with a backpack inside the cafe could be seen walking back and forth in front of the glass doors.
"Police have been in attendance and have controlled the situation from very early this morning," said Scipione, the police commissioner.
Lindt Australia posted a message on its Facebook page thanking the public for its support.
"We are deeply concerned over this serious incident and our thoughts and prayers are with the staff and customers involved and all their friends and families," the company wrote.
The government raised Australia's terror warning level in September in response to the domestic threat posed by supporters of the Islamic State group. Counterterror law enforcement teams later conducted dozens of raids and made several arrests in Australia's three largest cities _ Melbourne, Sydney and Brisbane. One man arrested during a series of raids in Sydney was charged with conspiring with an Islamic State leader in Syria to behead a random person in downtown Sydney.
The Islamic State group, which now holds a third of Syria and Iraq, has threatened Australia in the past. In September, Islamic State group spokesman Abu Mohammed al-Adnani issued an audio message urging so-called "lone wolf" attacks abroad, specifically mentioning Australia. Al-Adnani told Muslims to kill all "disbelievers," whether they be civilians or soldiers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TCS cracks 4% | Goldman maintains buy; lowdown from analysts  meetChristmas
(The third quarter of the…)
NEW DELHI: Tata Consultancy Services Ltd (TCS) plunged as much as 4.04 per cent in intraday trade on Monday, after the country's largest software services firm expects its revenue in the October-December 2014 quarter to be 'in line with seasonal trends'.
The third quarter of the fiscal is traditionally weaker for IT firms as business is impacted by low volume growth amid Christmas and New Year holidays and furloughs in the US and Europe.
"Q3 2015 revenue expected to be in-line with seasonal trends. Retail , Manufacturing and Hi-Tech likely to see impact of holidays and furloughs," TCS said in an investor presentation.
It added that banking, financial services and insurance continue to be impacted. While, the company expects telecom and smaller verticals to grow better than the company average.
On geographies, TCS said the demand environment in North America is in-line, adjusted for seasonal weakness.
The IT major anticipates furloughs to take a toll on retail, high tech and manufacturing, while insurance and banking products will continue to remain soft. However, telecom and other smaller verticals are slightly better.
"Moreover, cross currency impact will dent USD revenue by 220bps, higher than earlier expected. US demand is in line, adjusted for seasonality, while Europe is slightly better," Edelweiss said in a report.
"We maintain our positive outlook on TCS owing to the ensuing economic recovery in the US and improving demand from Europe underpinned by the company's robust execution capabilities," added the report.
The brokerage firm maintains 'buy' rating on the stock with target price of Rs 2,848 (20x FY16E EPS).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Goldman maintains buy on TCS; top 6 takeawaysYou are here: Home > Collections > Tcs
Goldman Sachs maintains buy on TCS; top six takeaways from analysts' meet
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 15, 2014, 09.52AM IST
Tags:
BFSI
(Management reiterated…)
NEW DELHI: Goldman Sachs retains its 'buy' rating on Tata Consultancy Services post its analysts' meet held last week. TCS suggested that 3QFY15 revenue growth will witness normal seasonality due to planned shutdowns, holidays and furloughs.
Here are top six takeaways from analysts' meet:
1) Cautiously optimistic for 2H amid seasonally weak 3Q:
TCS suggested that 3QFY15 revenue growth will witness normal seasonality due to planned shutdowns, holidays and furloughs. Further, cross currency (CC) headwinds will impact US$ revenue growth by -220bp QoQ. However, due to INR depreciation the net impact on revenues will be restricted to -20bp QoQ.
2) FY15 may not be better than FY14, visibility on FY16 only post results:
Management reiterated that FY15 may not turn out to be better than FY14 as was also indicated post 2Q earnings. On 2015 budgets, there are no delays witnessed as of now but they will give FY16 outlook only after 3Q results, in line with their standard practice.
3) Europe remains strong:
Outsourcing penetration led demand remains strong in continental Europe while UK is weak due to insurance business. India maintained momentum from 2Q. US will see seasonal weakness while Japan continues to progress on expected run-rates in CC terms.
4) Seasonal weakness in some, momentum in others:
TCS expects BFSI to be impacted by weakness in insurance and banking products in addition to the seasonality seen in retail, manufacturing and hi-tech verticals due to furloughs. However, strong momentum in telecom and energy verticals will continue. While telecom is witnessing on-ground pick up, energy may be impacted due to oil price declines.
5) Margin band maintained:
TCS expects marginal tailwinds in EBIT margin (+20bp QoQ) due to INR weakness in 3Q. However, management maintained their target margin band of 26%-28% for the long term.
6) Higher other income:
Management said other income would be marginally higher QoQ on better forex gains and higher cash balances.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Baichung Bhutia s PRIVATE life revealedPhoto uploaded by Pushti Joshi
on Dec 13, 2013 , 03:13 pm
4908 Views  |  4  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Footballer Baichung Bhutia is one of those very few Indian sportsmen who enjoy almost equal popularity, name and fame as a Team India cricketer.
Footballer Baichung Bhutia is one of those very few Indian sportsmen who enjoy almost equal popularity, name and fame as a Team India cricketer.

Cover-All to merge with MajescoDec 15, 2014, 10.00 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cover-All to merge with Majesco
Majesco today announced that it has entered into a definitive merger agreement with Cover-All Technologies Inc., an insurance software company based in Morristown, NJ, in a 100% stock-for-stock transaction.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cover-All to merge with Majesco
Majesco today announced that it has entered into a definitive merger agreement with Cover-All Technologies Inc., an insurance software company based in Morristown, NJ, in a 100% stock-for-stock transaction.
Post your opinion here
 
Mastek Ltd has informed BSE that a press release issued by Majesco , ( formerly known as Majesco Mastek) the Insurance arm and a wholly owned subsidiary of Masterk Limited announcing plans to merge Cover- All Technologies with itself in a 100% stock for stock transaction and plans to list Majesco on the NYSE-MKT subject to regulatory and Shareholder approvalsEnclosing herewith the investor and analyst presentation in this regard.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Youngsters stage mock harassment to see who stands up for women in DTC busesDec 15, 2014 at  04:03pm IST
Youngsters stage mock harassment  to see who stands up for women in DTC buses
4
0
A group of young theatre artists have come together to gauge Delhi's response to harassment in DTC buses. They stage mock harassment incidents to see who stands up to fight for women.
2
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

How safe are you in your cityHow safe are you in your city?
CNN-IBN | Dec 15, 2014 at 09:20am
The December 16 gangrape raised several questions about the safety of women in public transport. At CNN-IBN, experts discuss the measures to be kept in mind while traveling in a public transport vehicle.
Four Pakistan Rangers killed in retaliatory fire by BSF along International Border in Jammu
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Markets open in red; Sensex weak on global cuesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Australia shares fall for 5th session as oil slumpsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Madan Mitra s arrest: Kolkata braces for Trinamool s mega rallyMadan Mitra (file photo)
Kolkata, Dec 15:  
City life is set to be thrown off gear on the first day of the week today with the ruling Trinamool Congress taking out a "mega rally" to protest the arrest of State Transport Minister Madan Mitra.
Mitra, a close aide of the Chief Minister, Mamata Banerjee, was arrested on December 12 by the CBI in connection with the Saradha scam. He is the most high-profile arrest by the central agency so far.
The rally is expected around 1 pm.
The party had taken out a protest rally on December 13, which was attended by the Chief Minister.
Banerjee, has stood by her Cabinet colleague and stated that she "does not believe Madan (Mitra) to be a thief." She has also not accepted his resignation letter (from the Cabinet).
Apart from expressing support for the minister, Trinamool will also protest the CBI's alleged "high handedness" and "deliberate attempts to malign the party".
Mitra's supporters had on Friday evening (the day of his arrest) and Saturday (a day later) put up blockades and held the city at ransom. Transport unions, which Mitra used to head once, have reportedly been asked to withdraw their vehicles.
(This article was published on December 15, 2014)
Related

Asian shares fall to 9-month low as oil prices sinkAsian shares fall to 9-month low as oil prices sink
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Dec 15:  
Asian shares slipped to nine-month lows on Monday as oil prices sank to fresh 5-1/2 year lows on concerns about a supply glut and slower global growth, hitting the stocks of energy and commodity producers and exporters.
Investors were nervous after US shares posted their biggest weekly fall in 2-1/2-years last week on losses led by energy sector, and as they expect the US Federal Reserve to hint this week that it is getting closer to raising interest rates.
MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 1.1 per cent to its lowest level since March.
Japan’s Nikkei share average fell 1.3 per cent, drawing little momentum from Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s big election victory on Sunday, which was a boost for his reflationary economic policies.
US crude futures fell more than 2.5 per cent at one point to as low as $56.25 per barrel before rebounding. By late morning, they were up 1.3 per cent.
The world’s energy watchdog late last week had forecast even lower prices next year on weak demand and increased supply, sparking a fresh waving of selling.
Oil’s relentless slide pounded stocks and currencies exposed to energy exports on Friday, dousing the appetite for riskier assets.
Emerging market currencies hit
Energy-exporting emerging market currencies were strained, with the Brazilian currency hitting a 9-1/2-year low and the Russian rouble hitting an all-time low. The Indonesian rupiah fell to its lowest since August 1998.
The Australian dollar hit a -1/2-year low of $0.8204 .
The currency has so far seen limited impact from a hostage incident in a cafe in the heart of Sydney’s financial district. .
Falls in risk asset prices are pushing investors into the safety of government debt and other traditional safe havens such as the yen.
The dollar briefly fell to as low as 117.78 yen, edging near two-week low of a 117.445 hit last week, though the yen cut gains after the Bank of Japan's tankan corporate sentiment survey showed business sentiment at big manufacturers declined in December.
The dollar last stood at 118.67, down 0.1 per cent.
The dollar's index against a basket of six other major currencies stood at 88.169, moving further away from a 5 1/2-year high of 89.550 hit a week ago.
“The risk-off sentiment may support the yen against the dollar in the next couple of days, though I do think the market will become bullish on the dollar after the Fed’s meeting,’’ said Osao Iizuka, chief dealer at Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank.
US Treasuries also gained, with the 10-year yield slipping to a two-month low of 2.071 per cent.
Fed policy meet
Still, improving U.S. economic data has added to bets that the Federal Reserve is moving closer to raising interest rates next year.
Many investors expect that the US central bank may change its vow to keep interest rates near zero for a “considerable time’’ when it meets for a two-day policy meeting starting on Tuesday.
(This article was published on December 15, 2014)
Related

Sydney terror: Gunman takes several people hostage at Lindt cafeSydney terror: Gunman takes several people hostage at Lindt cafe
Press Trust of India | Sydney Dec 15, 2014 10:00 AM IST
An armed man today took undisclosed number of people hostage at a popular cafe here and displayed an Islamic flag with Arabic script in the window, sparking a security alert in Australia.
Authorities sealed off surrounding streets, evacuated people from buildings, and suspended rail services following the incident at the Lindt Chocolate Cafe in Martin Place, in the heart of the city's business district.
Martin Place is a public pedestrian thoroughfare through the heart of Sydney, joining its parliamentary, legal and retail districts.
Television footage showed people inside the cafe with their hands pressed against the window holding the black flag known as Shahadah, a prayer spoken in mosques daily, and not a flag specific to the Islamic State.
Lindt Australia executive says there are about 10 staff and up to 30 customers trapped in the cafe. Police declined to comment on the number of hostages involved.
ALSO READ:  Tony Abbott calls for calm amid Sydney hostage situation
Andrew Scipione, the New South Wales Police Commissioner, said that there was only a single gunman involved.
"I can confirm for you that we have an armed offender in the premises holding an undisclosed number of hostages in the city, in the Martin Place area," he said.
However, he has made clear that police are not in direct contact with the hostage taker.
"My advice is we haven't had contact with the armed offender," he said. "We're still not in a position to determine where the individual is from".
Scipione said at this stage police were treated it as a hostage situation but were "on a footing consistent with a terrorist act".
"We are working as long as we need to to bring this to a peaceful outcome," he said.
Martin Place, Sydney Opera House, State Library and all court houses here have been evacuated.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott convened a meeting of his security inner circle in his cabinet to discuss the response to the hostage-taking.

India tour of Australia: Steve Smith to lead Australia in Brisbane againstIndiaBy: Press Trust of India | Brisbane |
Posted: December 15, 2014 10:45 am | Updated: December 15, 2014 12:59 pm
Young all-rounder Steve Smith was named Australia’s captain for the second cricket Test against India on Monday, replacing an injury-ravaged Michael Clarke who is unlikely to play in the remaining matches of the ongoing series.
“Cricket Australia has announced that Steven Smith has been appointed vice-captain of the Australian Test team effective immediately and will captain the Australian side in the absence of Michael Clarke,” CA said in a statement.
The 25-year-old, who smashed 162 not out in the first innings and was 52 not out in the second essay of the opening Test which Australia won by 48 runs, thus became the 45th Test captain of the side and one of the youngest ever to take up the role.
“Clarke is expected to miss the remainder of the Commonwealth Bank Test Series against India due to an injured right hamstring,” the CA said.
Current vice-captain Brad Haddin, who led the Australian side on the final day of the Adelaide Test, will serve as Smith’s deputy in Brisbane.
The appointment was recommended by CA’s National Selection Panel and was endorsed by CA’s Board of Directors last night.
When Clarke returns to the side he will do so as captain with Smith serving as deputy.
“These are difficult circumstances given Michael’s injury and the fact that we don’t know how long he will be out of the game,” National Selector Rod Marsh said.
“What we do know is that it won’t be an overnight fix so after a lot of thought we have taken the opportunity to appoint an emerging young leader as captain until such time as Michael regains fitness and returns to the side.
“We congratulate Steve on the wonderful honour of leading his country. On Wednesday he will become Australia’s 45th Test captain and at the age of 25 will become one of our youngest leaders. He is an exceptional young man who is highly regarded by the National Selection Panel not only for his fine performances with the bat but also his maturity and clear leadership potential,” he added.
Explaining the reasons behind not opting for Haddin , Marsh said, “Brad Haddin has done an exceptional job as vice-captain since assuming the role last year and will provide strong support to Steve just as he has done for Michael.”
“There was a strong argument for Brad to assume the captaincy until Michael returns, but given we don’t know how long that will be, we felt the time was right to take a longer-term view and give a young player this chance.”
Commenting on the announcement, CA Chairman Wally Edwards said: “The Board fully endorsed continued…

Bihar: 4 fishermen with alleged Peoples War Group links killed by criminalgangWritten by Santosh Singh | Patna |
Posted: December 15, 2014 10:40 am | Updated: December 15, 2014 10:57 am
Four fishermen belonging to Scheduled Caste and allegedly linked to PWG were killed late on Sunday night by a criminal gang led by one Jumman Mian at Paliganj in rural Patna.
Police said the incident took place at around 12 midnight at Kodihra villlage under Khirimore police station when four Dalit fishermen – Uday Bind, Ram Pravesh Bind, Manish Bind and one more person had gone for fishing at disputed Bhaisasur Nala. Jumman Mian gang operating in Patna, Arwal and Gaya objected to it and shot dead all four fishermen after a brief altercation. The gang had warned local fishermen against fishing in the Nala before.
Patna Senior Superintendent of Police JS Rana said it was a turf war between a criminal gang and local fishermen. The case has been registered against seven people including Jumman Mian.
Patna Zonal IG AK Ambedkar said the criminal gang had people from OBC, upper castes and Muslims. He, however, said he had no knowledge of the victims’ alleged affiliations with PWG as suggested by local sources and intelligence agencies.

Audio-Technica ATH-MSR7 premium headphone at Rs16 299Posted: December 15, 2014 10:38 am | Updated: December 15, 2014 10:52 am
The new Audio-Technica ATH-MSR7 headphones combine pro-grade sonic skills with premium design.
Designed for home and on-the-go listening, the MSR7 headphones have soft memory-foam ear pads that fit around the ears maximizing comfort during long listening sessions. The housing has also been specially shaped with Ear-profiled grills to ‘mirror’ the whole ear and enhance the rich, lower end sounds, while the highly flexible swivel design helps to find the most comfortable fit instantly.
The MSR7 headphones feature 45mm “True Motion” Hi-Res Audio Drivers and combine a precision diaphragm with extra light-weight voice-coil reducing response times and minimizing sound distortion.
They also feature a dual-layer Air-Control Technology and housings made from an exclusive mixture of aluminum and magnesium are layered to provide a lightweight but rigid structure, reducing unwanted vibration that can taint the sound.  The MSR7 comes a standard 1.2 meter cable featuring in-line controls and a microphone.
ATH MSR7 will be available at Rs 16,299.
ATH-MSR7
Maximum Input Power: 2000 mW
Frequency Response: 5 ~ 40,000 Hz
Sensitivity: 100 dB

Street rangebound; Tech Mahindra slips over 3%  Jaypee Infratech gains 4%; top 10 betsSensex rangebound; tech, metals, capital goods down; top 10 stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 15, 2014, 11.04AM IST
Tags:
IIFL
(The Nifty will look at taking…)
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex is tradng in a range with a negative bias led by losses in technology, metals and capital goods sectors. The trend is expected to remain rangebound with negative bias in absence of cues from global peers.
"The weakness which was witnessed last week is likely to continue at least at start. Oil prices fell over 2 per cent on concerns about a supply glut and slower global growth. Weak oil prices could eventually affect even countries like India, says a report," said IIFL report.
The Nifty will look at taking support around the 8,177 levels. Macro data released after market hours on Friday will have some impact," the report added.
At 11:02 am, the Sensex was at 27,315.61; down 35.07 points.
The Nifty was at 8,220.65; down 3.45 points.
Tata Consultancy Services plunged as much as 4.04 per cent in trade on Monday, after the country's largest software services firm expects its revenue in the October-December 2014 quarter to be 'in line with seasonal trends'.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
TCS Ltd: Tata Consultancy Services, India's largest information technology outsourcing company said it expects a seasonally weak third quarter, because of the holiday season in its key markets impacting some of its main verticals.
Tata Motors Ltd: Global wholesales, including those of Jaguar Land Rover, went up 2.4 per cent in November 2014 to 83,906 vehicles compared with the year-ago period.
ONGC: State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) announced three new oil and gas discoveries in Krishan Godavari Basin and Mumbai offshore and said it will pay its shareholders an interim dividend of 100 per cent.
Coal India: With the stock market appearing to lose steam in the past few days and key global financial markets headed for year-end holidays, the government has decided to defer big-ticket disinvestments in Coal India and ONGC until January.
Alstom T&D India Ltd: The company has received orders worth around 32 million euros (Rs 247 crore) from Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company to build 400/220 kV grid substations at Kudus, Alkud and Kondhwain in the state.
Oil India Ltd: Oil India Ltd, the second largest state explorer, has signed contract for two offshore oil and gas blocks it had bagged in Myanmar.
GMR Hyderabad International Airport Limited, a subsidiary of GMR Infrastructure Limited, has acquired remaining 44.61 per cent stake owned by Malaysia Aerospace Engineering SDN BHD (MAE) in MAS GMR Aerospace Engineering Company Limited (MGAE), as per stock market disclosure.
Whirlpool of India: Consumer durables major Whirlpool will open 15 showrooms for built-in kitchen appliances across the country in the next one year as part of its plans to log Rs 200 crore turnover by 2017-2018 for the new category.
Financial Technologies Ltd: Indian Energy Exchange is in talks with its erstwhile promoter FTIL, which is in the process of exiting the bourse, for buying out the application software and other solutions used for its trading platform.
Maruti Suzuki Ltd: Auto manufacturers are set to increase prices in January, blaming it on rising costs. Maruti Suzuki will increase prices after 14 months, the longest in the history of the nation's largest carmaker by sales.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Consultancy Services Falls Nearly 4%; Brokers Cut EstimatesYou are here: Home Market
TCS Falls Nearly 4%; Brokers Cut Estimates
Reuters | Updated On: December 15, 2014 10:30 (IST)
Cyient Gains 3% on Acquisition
Tata Consultancy Services slumped 3.9 per cent on Monday, its lowest intraday level since July 17. The company had said on Friday that seasonal trends will impact its Q3 revenue.
Jefferies cut the target for TCS to Rs 2,770 from Rs 2,970 and maintained the buy rating. The investment bank lowered company's FY16/FY17 EPS estimate by 2.1 per cent on cross currency impact.
The bank also said in its note that cross currency is likely to have a 220 bps negative impact on the Q3 dollar reported growth.
Jefferies lowered its target multiple to 20x from 21x to incorporate management's weak commentary.
Barclays cut the EPS estimates for FY15/FY16 by 2 to 3 per cent.
($1 = Rs 62.2000)

Stock market prediction for Dec 15-19: Satish GuptaAuto sector will continue receiving astrological support. Buy Maruti Suzuki India , TVS Motor Compan y, Ashok Leyland , Eicher Motors , Mahindra and Mahindra  and Hero Motocorp  on every dip.
Plastic sector will continue receiving astrological support. Buy Sintex Industries ,  Nilkamal , Safari Industries , VIP Industries  etc on dips. This sector was predicted last week also & during the week, Safari Industries, Nilkamal, Multibase India  & Prime Petro Products  went up by 16-40 percent.
Auto ancillery sector will continue receiving astro support.
Every year with commencement on new Samvat (Hindu New Year), astrologically, based on planetary position, certain new sectors start getting astrological support & outperform, while others remain laggard.
During last samavat 2070 among other sectors, pharma and IT sectors received strong astrological support & outperformed. Always be very cautious, when some main planets i.e. Rahu, Ketu, Jupiter & Lord Saturn are changing their houses. It may be that certain sectors which were continuously getting support for long time may stop receiving support due to change in position by above planets & stocks of those sectors starts coming down, resulting in losses. This is common reason, why most people loss money.
One should trade only in the stocks of that sectors which are getting very strong astrologically support.
Sectors which get very strong astro support are not normally affected by downfall in the market.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

India s 10 biggest companiesHi Guest
India's 10 biggest companies
Oil companies continue to reign supreme in India.    Image: IOC is India’s biggest company     Five out of the top 10 companies in Fortune 500 list of Indian companies are from the oil sector.  Fortune's Indian edition, said there has been a 9.5 per cent annual growth in total revenues, while in terms of profit it is 4.5 per cent. The government-owned companies, which account for 38 per cent of the total revenue, have seen a 6.6 per cent growth, while private ...

Rupee plunges to over 10-month low of 62.51 Vs USDThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PM Congratulates Prime Minister of Japan  Shinz Abe on his victory in the electionsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

ONGC gains on disinvestment deferral reportThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Is gold a good investment right nowNew Member
0 Follower
yes . gold has already fallen 40 % from peak since Oct 2012 from the high of 1920$/ounce. Crude started falling later and reached 57$ and it is anticipated it will go to 45$ but i think since gold has already fallen and all loose hands have already gone from market it will not go down further. On the contrary typically for indian scenario , the ruppee has weakened from 45 to 60 level , and if u see the level of MCX gold , It has taken support from 25000 odd levels. I think gold is gonna come back with vengeance. BUY IT
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
11.19 AM Dec 15th 2014

Tcs correction phase: a: 2839-2415  b: 2415-2711  c:...New Member
49 Followers
Keep holding your short in DLF, it is correcting the whole move 100-166, first target should be 140 (38% level), followed by 136 (wave 4 low while going up) and then 133 (50%), keep trailing stop loss for your PEs since a bounce may come in this from around 140 itself along with nifty before hitting lower targets---
In reply to : devd_rdd message
5.41 PM Dec 15th 2014

Urti khabar aditya birla out of race from punjab alkali raceNew Member
0 Follower
No one is out of race. All four are there. Wait for Financial bids which I thing will be submitted within 3 weeks of 3rd December i.e. 24th December.
In reply to : mlkapoor6 message
11.47 AM Dec 15th 2014   |         |   Rated by

Moving because of arunthestockgurus buy call to his paid members yeste...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Singer is rocking buy for target 246Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Heart-rending photos from Hughes farewellCricket Photos of The Week 7.12.14
England in Sri Lanka, India down under, and Phil Hughes, Phil Hughes, Phil Hughes...
Prev Next
DUNEDIN, NEW ZEALAND - NOVEMBER 30: The Otago Volts and Wellington Firebirds place a bat, cap and black armband on the University Oval in memory of Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes who passed away as a result of head injuries sustained during the Sheffield Shield match between South Australia and New South Wales at the SCG on Tuesday above number 408 which was his selection number for Australia during the Georgie Pie Smash T20 match between ... more 
DUNEDIN, NEW ZEALAND - NOVEMBER 30: The Otago Volts and Wellington Firebirds place a bat, cap and black armband on the University Oval in memory of Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes who passed away as a result of head injuries sustained during the Sheffield Shield match between South Australia and New South Wales at the SCG on Tuesday above number 408 which was his selection number for Australia during the Georgie Pie Smash T20 match between the Otago Volts and the Wellington Firebirds at University Oval on November 30, 2014 in Dunedin, New Zealand. (Photo by Rob Jefferies/Getty Images) less 
India in Australia, 4 Test...
vs.
South Africa vs West Indies, 3rd Test
6 hours ago
Action images from the third Test between South Africa and West Indies played at Cape Town between January 2-6, 2015. Scorecard More » South Africa vs West Indies, 3rd Test
Exit, the Coolest One - MS Dhoni
Tue 30 Dec, 2014 5:06 PM IST
MS Dhoni's decision to retire from the longest format with immediate effect after the MCG Test has come as an outright shocker. Here's a look at some images from the coolest captain's career. (Text: Reuters/ Amlan Chakraborty; editing by Patrick Johnston) More » Exit, the Coolest One - MS Dhoni
Australia vs India, 3rd Test
Tue 30 Dec, 2014 1:07 PM IST
Action images from the 3rd Test at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, played between December 26-30, 2014. Scores More » Australia vs India, 3rd Test
South Africa vs West Indies, 2nd Test
Fri 26 Dec, 2014 3:12 PM IST
Action images from the 2nd Test between South Africa and West Indies played at Port Elizabeth between December 26-30, 2014. Scores More » South Africa vs West Indies, 2nd Test
New Zealand vs Sri Lanka, 1st Test
Mon 29 Dec, 2014 11:07 AM IST

Rupee falls against dollar in early tradeForex Update: Rupee closes 5 paise down against dollar at 61.88
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 18:14 IST
Photo: Reuters
The rupee weakened further by 5 paise to end at 61.88 against the Greenback on sustained demand for the American currency from importers amid a broader sell-off in equities.
Widening current account deficit (CAD) due to soaring gold imports mainly put pressure on Indian unit despite weak dollar overseas.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex), the domestic unit commenced lower at 61.89 compared to overnight closing level of 61.83. It hovered in a wide range owing to volatile domestic stocks between 61.9175 and 61.8475 before concluding at 61.88, showing a loss of 5 paise, or 0.08 per cent.
"Robust capital inflows along with profit-taking in US currency after its recent rally some what cushioned the rupee sentiment," a forex dealer said.
Country's current account deficit (CAD) widened to $10.1 billion or 2.1 per cent of gross domestic product in the second quarter of this fiscal, up from 1.2 per cent a year-ago primarily led by a steep rise in gold imports.
Though the deficit concerns were lagely offset by buffering foreign capital inflows against the backdrop of plunging global oil and commodity prices.
Meanwhile, equities plummeted for the second straight day with both the indices - Sensex and Nifty sliding over 1 per cent to hit one-month low spooked by global financal markets rout and growth concerns.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a massive Rs 4,984.60 crore on Monday as per provisional data.
Benchmark Brent crude slipped to a five-year low, sliding below $66 a barrel on growing worries over a deepening supply glut.
The dollar index, which measures the Greenback against a basket of six major currencies, was down by 0.36 per cent.

E-commerce: Reliance Capital to sell 16% stake in Yatra.com for Rs 500 crBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 3:26 pm
Looking to cash in on e-commerce boom, Reliance Capital is all set to sell its 16 per cent stake in leading travel portal Yatra.com for an estimated Rs 500 crore and is in talks with 2-3 international investors.
The deal would mark an over 12-times appreciation for this investment by Reliance Capital, the financial services arm of Anil Ambani-led business conglomerate Reliance Group, which had acquired a 16 per cent stake in the online travel company for Rs 40 crore in 2006.
Sources said that Reliance Cap is in talks with 2-3 leading international investors to sell this 16 per cent stake for an estimated USD 80 million (about Rs 500 crore). The identity of the interested buyers could not be ascertained.
When contacted, a Reliance Capital spokesperson said: “We continuously evaluate opportunities to unlock the value of our minority investments to enhance shareholders value.”
While the spokesperson did not give any further details, sources said that Reliance Cap aims to close the transaction in 4-6 weeks and the deal would put the total valuation of Yatra.com at around USD 500 million or about Rs 3,000 crore.
Other existing investors in Yatra.com, which has film star Salman Khan as one of its brand ambassadors, include Norwest Venture Partners (30 per cent), TV-18 group (10 per cent), Intel Cap (7 per cent) and Valliant Capital (10 per cent). The management team has also got 6 per cent ownership.
Among these, TV-18 group is now majority owned by Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries group.
In the fast-growing Indian online travel business, Yatra.com competes with Nasdaq-listed MakeMyTrip, which commands a market value of USD 1.2 billion.
During the last fiscal 2013-14, MakeMyTrip is estimated to have clocked total transaction value of USD 1.38 billion on its platforms, as against USD 763 million by Yatra.
The operating income of MakeMyTrip and Yatra stood at USD 116 million and USD 51 million, respectively, for the year.
Reliance Capital recently announced its plans to focus on core business and is in the process of encashing its minority investments.
It also recently exited from day to day operations of its global film and media services business, by merging its global film and media services business with Prime Focus.
The deal created the world’s largest media services power house, with an order pipeline of Rs 2,000 crore, over 5,500 employees and operations in the US, UK, Canada, China and Singapore, besides India.
Reliance MediaWorks and Prime Focus promoters infused fresh equity capital of Rs 120 crore each into Prime Focus.
A number of international investors have recently pumped funds in Indian e-commerce or e-retail companies. These include Singapore’s state-owned investment company Temasek Holdings and asset management firm BlackRock along with other investors investing continued…

Parliamentary panel report on insurance pitches for 49 pct foreign investment capBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 3:38 pm
A Parliamentary Committee today recommended a composite foreign investment cap of 49 per cent in the insurance sector and supported a government Bill to amend the Act.
At present, a limit of 26 per cent is allowed only through the FDI route.
“The Committee recommends that the composite cap of 49 per cent should be inclusive of all forms of foreign direct investment and foreign portfolio investments,” said the report tabled in the Rajya Sabha.
The Rajya Sabha had in August appointed a 15-member Select committee to scrutinise the long pending Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2008. The Bill was held up for nearly six years on account of political differences.
The government is likely to bring the Bill for consideration of the Upper House as early as next week.
The panel report, however, contains dissent notes from four members — P Rajeev (CPI-M), Derek O’Brien (TMC), Ram Gopal Yadav (SP) and K C Tyagi (JDU).
The panel, headed by Rajya Sabha MP Chandan Mitra, has suggested inclusion of a person from the insurance industry in the Securities Appellate Tribunal as an expert.
It has recommended suitable amendment to the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act for the inclusion.
The panel also recommended that penalties on insurance companies be linked to seriousness of offences committed by them. It has suggested mechanism to ensure that there is minimum scope for subjective interpretation.
The Standing Committee on Finance headed by senior BJP leader Yashwant Sinha in 2011 had rejected the proposal to hike FDI to 49 per cent in the insurance sector, saying it may not have the desired effect and could expose the economy to global vulnerability.

Government decriminalises attempt to commit suicideAttempt to suicide should not be a crime, recommends panel
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Wed 10 Dec, 2014
Print
New Delhi, Dec 10 (IANS) The Law Commission of India has recommended that attempt to suicide must be decriminalised, the home ministry told the Rajya Sabha Wednesday.
"The Law Commission of India, in its 210th Report, had recommended that Section 309 (attempt to commit suicide) of IPC needs to be effaced from the statute book," Minister of State for Home Affairs Haribhai Parthibhai Chaudhary said in a written reply to a question in the Rajya Sabha.
"As law and order is the state subject, views of states/UTs were requested on the recommendations of the Law Commission," the minister said.
As many as "18 states and four Union Territory Administrations have supported that Section 309 of IPC may be deleted", the minister said.
Among the states opposing the deletion, Bihar has said that the section should not be omitted as these days there are suicide bombers who fail in their attempt to blow themselves up and other terrorists who consume cyanide pills with the intention to wipe out evidence.
Bihar, instead, said that the section should be modified. There should be a separate legislation in case of people who are suffering from such types of disease which makes them attempt to take their life.
Madhya Pradesh said deleting Section 309 will also dilute Section 306 (abetment of suicide).
Sikkim said repeal of the section may create problems for the state where suicide is being attempted by a public person in pursuance of a professed public cause.
The Delhi government agreed with the recommendation of the Law Commission but suggested that it should be made compulsory to report attempt to commit suicide to authorised officer or authorised hospital and compulsory medical treatment in special medical institutes should be made available.
Recommend

BSE Sensex snaps 3-day fall  NSE Nifty above 8350 as SBI  ONGC riseBy: PTI | Mumbai |
Posted: December 10, 2014 4:38 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 5:10 pm
Rebounding from over one-month lows, benchmark Sensex today closed 34 points higher to end at 27,831.10, snapping its three-day losing trend, on gains in SBI and ONGC shares, amid a firm European trend.
The wide-based 50-issue NSE Nifty also recovered by 14.95 points, or 0.18 per cent, to close at 8,355.65.
While session was markedly choppy in the absence of strong local cues, buying in key counters supported Sensex and Nifty. Two-tier stocks attracted buying from retail investors, helping their indices outperform broader benchmarks.
Rise in SBI, ONGC, Tata Motors, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Dr Reddy’s Lab, Cipla, Hero MotoCorp and Tata Power helped markets end in the positive terrain. However, fall in L&T, RIL, HUL, Bajaj Auto, BHEL and Gail India capped the rise.
The BSE 30-share barometer resumed lower in line with mixed cues from Asian peers and moved erratically in a range of 27,905.25 and 27,710.03 before concluding at 27,831.10, showing a rise of 34.09 points or 0.12 per cent. In previous three sessions, it had tumbled 765.81 points or 2.68 per cent.
“PSU banking counters remained upbeat throughout the session…,” Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Shares in jewellery makers surged on hopes government will announce changes to gold-import rules for trading houses.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 221.52 crore yesterday as per provisional data.
Asian markets ended mixed, tracking an uninspiring finish on Wall Street overnight triggered by global growth concerns. Fresh political uncertainty in Greece, a rout in oil prices and a selloff in Chinese shares in the previous session continued to cast their shadow.
“Outcome of the Greece crisis and the way they come to an agreement over the credit line instead of the bailout, would drive the market direction in the short term,” said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
Key indices from China, Hong Kong and Singapore closed with gains while those from Japan, South Korea and Taiwan finished with losses. Indices in Germany, the UK and France were up by 0.29 per cent to 0.79 per cent.
US stocks ended mixed yesterday with the Nasdaq Composite rallying after stiff losses, as investor concern about the global economy ebbed.
Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking said, “Concerns over global growth, political uncertainty in Greece and India’s CAD issue forced local indices to trade weak for the past three days in a row. However, local equities today gained with the help of some bluechips.”
In the domestic market, 13 scrips out of the 30-share Sensex pack ended higher while 17 others declined.
Major Sensex gainers were SBI (3.06 per cent), ONGC (2.44 per cent), Tata Power (1.87 per cent), Tata Motors (1.53 per cent), Cipla (1.48 per cent), Dr Reddy’s Lab (1.37 per cent) and Hero Motocorp (1.13 per cent).
However, BHEL fell by 2.30 per cent followed by Gail 2.01 per cent, HUL 1.79 per cent, Bajaj Auto 1.45 per cent and Larsen & Toubro 1.01 per cent.
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, Consumer Durable index rose by 2.43 per cent, followed by Bankex 1.01 per cent and continued…

Deepika and Aamir play tennis with FedererAxe Signature FHM Bachelor of the Year Awards, 2014
Tue 30 Dec, 2014 3:21 PM IST
Every list has its own signature and this year, the Axe Signature FHM Bachelors of the Year had a star-studded one like never before! More » Axe Signature FHM Bachelor of the Year Awards, 2014
Meet Nargis Fakhri, the cover girl
Thu 11 Dec, 2014 1:16 PM IST
Gorgeous actress Nargis Fakhri  features on the bridal cover of Harper’s Bazaar magazine- the December issue. The  actress looks beautiful in an Alexander McQueen creation. More » Meet Nargis Fakhri, the cover girl
Deepika Padukone and Aamir Khan play a tennis match
Wed 10 Dec, 2014 3:10 PM IST
True heroes who battled cancer
Thu 16 Jun, 2011 5:04 PM IST
Steve Jobs, the visionary who transformed the worlds of personal computing, finally lost his years-long battle with pancreatic cancer. Six years ago, Jobs had talked about how a sense of his mortality was a major driver behind that vision. It takes real courage to swim against the current and smile even when you are writhing in pain. A look at the celebrity figures who showed great grit in their battle against cancer. Meet the real heroes. More » True heroes who battled cancer
Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
Fri 23 Dec, 2011 2:09 PM IST
From yummy to weird, here's a look at the menu of our pregnant celebs. Read on More » Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
She can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
Moon gazing on Karva Chauth
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 12:13 PM IST
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
The stunning stars at GQ Men Of The Year Awards
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 1:00 PM IST
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Kareena's goof up and all the other things we heard our celebrities say this week. Take a look More » Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Today on Yahoo

Falling crude oil prices will pump USD 1.4 trillion in to Indian economy: RIL officialBy: Express News Service | Gandhinagar |
Posted: December 10, 2014 6:00 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 6:57 pm
The crude oil prices that has nosedived from the highs of $ 110 per barrel in June 2014 is expected to pump in USD 1.4 trillon in to the Indian economy, said Rajen Udeshi, president (polyester chain), Reliance Industries while addressing an event at Gandhinagar on Wednesday.
“Today, this money is lying with the government and the oil companies. I think it will soon come in to the system and will change the purchasing power of the people,” said Udeshi at the inaugural function of a 3-day pre-Vibrant Gujarat summit titled: India-Opportunities for Global Investment in Textiles.
Around June 2014, India was importing crude at over $ 110 per barrel. Today the prices of brent crude stand around $ 65. This dip in prices, Udeshi felt, will benefit the Indian economy.
“The buying habits of people has already changed. From a single pair of cloth, today a person wears 3-4 pairs during the day. One for a morning jog, office wear, evening dress and a party wear,” he said while predicting a huge growth in polyester fabric in the near future.
Meanwhile, experts from the textile world who had gathered for the event rued the “low credibility” that the textile sector has among lending institutions. “As an industry, the credibility of the textile sector within the financial world in India is very low,” said Hrishikesh Mafatlal, chairman and chief executive, Arvind Mafatlal Group of Companies.
According to Mafatlal, the share of funding from both the private and public sector banks was very low as far as the textile sector was concerned. “There is a need to focus energies on product development and innovation,” he remarked.
Giving reasons for the low attractiveness of the textile industry among investors, Sunil Singhania, CIO (Equity Investments), Reliance Mutual Fund said, “In the last 50-70 years, very few industries in the textile sector have created value.” He gave the example of Bangalore-based Page Industries as one of the few Indian companies who has created a lot of value in manufacturing innerwear and leisurewear in the country.
“Even if one Indian spends only Rs 10,000 on his clothes every year, India is easily a Rs 10 lakh crore market. Most of the companies have failed to tap this local market,” he said.
S Uma Shanmukhi, DGM (SME) State Bank of India minced no words when she pointed out how her bank has maintained a “neutral” outlook for the industry. “We are moderately negative on 100 percent export oriented units in the garment industry and moderately positive on the technical textiles,” Shanmukhi said at the event.
Meanwhile, Ahmedabad-based Sintex Industries was more upbeat about the new textile policy of Gujarat. “We have been in this (textile) business for the past 90 years. We used to have a small role; we were largely a boutique manufacturer. But after the state government announced a new textile policy we decided to set up a Rs 5500 crore spinning and weaving unit near to the port at Pipavav,” said Amit Patel, managing director of Sintex Industries.
“The unit will employ about continued…

Badaun case: CBI rules out gang rape and murderPrint
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has filed a closure report in the death of two teenage cousins in Badaun in western Uttar Pradesh, ruling out murder and rape and concluding that the pair committed suicide.
The incident created an outrage against the Akhilesh Yadav government in the state after it was suspected that the girls were raped before being killed.
The agency, in its final report, stated that there was no forensic or circumstantial evidence suggesting rape and murder, as alleged in the FIR registered by the Uttar Pradesh Police after the bodies of the two girls were found hanging from a tree in May earlier this year.
The agency concluded that the two girls committed suicide fearing a backlash from the family after the elder's girl's relations with a local boy from a different caste came to light.
The report also mentions the questionable actions of the girls’ fathers, uncles, and the main witness Nazru, a distant relative.
All of them had left it to the court to take further action in the case, sources said.
The bodies of the two cousins, both around 14 years of age, were found hanging in an orchard on May 28.
The girls' families had alleged that they were kidnapped and murdered by five youths from the village.
The gruesome incident sparked widespread outcry in the country and abroad, with questions being raised over law and order situation in the state.
Even United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon had expressed concern over the incident and the prevailing situation in the state.
The CBI said there was no evidence of rape or murder as there was no sign of struggle on their clothes and bodies.
The agency said forensic analysis also revealed that there was no male DNA or sperm found on their bodies.
The investigation agency closed the probe while dropping of charges against - Pappu, Awadhesh and Urvesh Yadav (brothers) and constables Chhatrapal Yadav and Sarvesh Yadav - who were named as accused by the state police for the alleged rape and murder of the girls.
However, sources said a recommendation to initiate an investigation against state police officers for botched up handling of the probe will be made.
The case will also serve as an example of how the process of postmortem can be improved to help investigators arrive at correct conclusions, the sources added.
The theory of rape and murder fell flat in view of the findings of forensic reports received from a three-member medical board, Central Forensic Sciences Laboratory, Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics, FSL, Gandhinagar among others.
Based on around 40 scientific reports, the CBI concluded that the two minor girls in the Badaun case had not been raped and murdered as had been alleged in the FIR.
Investigation has concluded that it is a case of suicide, CBI spokesperson Kanchan Prasad said.
Recommend

Weekly roundup: Markets weaken on global cuesRahul Oberoi      Follow @iamrahuloberoi    Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 20:31 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
The week ended December 12 remained depressing for equity investors as the key benchmark indices-BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty-tanked 675.80 points and 314.20 points respectively, to 27,350 and 8,224 against 19,350.30 and 8,538.30 on December 5. Market experts believe weak Asian markets and fears from the Euro region kept the markets under pressure during the whole week.
Among the sector indices, BSE Oil and Gas index retreated the most: 7.26% to 9,800 on December 12 against 10,567 on December 5. It was followed by BSE Capital Goods index (7.23%), BSE Realty index (7.20%), BSE Metal index (5.91%) and BSE Power index (5.71%). However, BSE Healthcare is the only sectoral index which ended the week on positive note with marginal gain of 0.11%.
Dipen Shah, head, private client group research, Kotak Securities, says, "Markets closed the week with losses of about 3-4% on the benchmarks. There was weakness across sectors that was brought about by the global concerns. Markets are concerned about a global slowdown, as reflected in demand from major oil producing organisations."
Vinod Nair, head, fundamental research, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services, believes that stocks sensitive to crude prices and global growth have taken a beating, including oil and gas and metals, weighing the concerns over global growth outlook. "Though unlikely, any positive news from the ongoing winter session can be possible trigger, else the market is largely taking cues from international events," he adds.
Vivek Gupta, director, research, CapitalVia Global Research, says, "In the overseas markets, European stocks edged lower before the European Central Bank revealed take-up of its lending auction, which could provide clues on the central bank's policy decisions. Stocks in the US suffered their worst declines in about two months this week, as a renewed slump in oil prices slammed energy companies while investors fretted that a stunning drop in oil prices signals a more worrisome global-economic slowdown."
During the week crude oil prices plunged nearly 10% to $59.45 per barrel on December 12 against $65.84 per barrel on December 5.
In the BSE 500 index, Kirloskar Oil Engines, SKS Microfinance, Bharti Infratel, Repco Home Finance, Page Industries, DCB Bank, Jagran Prakashan, Jet Airways, Ajanta Pharma and Wockhardt touched their 52-week high this week. The BSE Small-Cap and Mid-Cap indices also dipped 3.54% and 3.71%, respectively.
During the week, China's Shanghai Stock Exchange Composite Index, Japan's Nikkei 225, Germany's CAC and US Dow Jones index slid 0.5%, 4%, 4.3% and 2%, respectively till December 11.
Foreign institutional investors remained bullish on the Indian market as their net investment stood at Rs 4,238 crore in the equity and Rs 3,800 crore in the debt segment during the week.
For the week ended December 12, rupee plunged nearly 1% to 62.44 against 61.85 on December 5.
Debopam Chaudhuri, chief economist, ZyFin Research, says that 2014 remains a volatile year for the rupee exchange rate, despite some significant recovery in India's current account deficit.
"With an expected rise in US interest rate regime, there is a high probability of a significant decline in demand for rupee from FIIs in the short run, leading to further depreciation. In this context, the RBI's decision to not cut rates may help reduce the volatility in exchange rate until India regains its position as a lucrative investment destination," he adds.
The factory output (Index of Industrial Production) for October fell to 4.2% compared to the corresponding month last month and consumer price inflation for November declined to 4.38% year-on-year against 5.52% in October.
Market experts believe fiscal reforms in and outside the budget will act determine the market's movement over the next few weeks. Economic growth as well as interest rate movements will be determined by what measures are taken by the Government to put the economy on a high growth path. Developments in China and EU hold the key for the global markets, including India.
For the coming week, Jayant Manglik, president, retail distribution, Religare Securities, says, "We shall be seeing participants reacting on the macro-economic numbers in early trade on Monday and that would set the tone for the rest of the day."

Sensex tanks 251 points to close at 6-week lowMarket update: Sensex tanks 251 points to close at 6-week low, Nifty falls 68 points
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 20:32 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex on Friday, weighed down by a sluggish European opening amid release of macro-economic data later in the day, stumbled further by over 251 points to end at a fresh over 6-week low of 27,350.68.
Sustained selling by foreign funds ahead of Christmas holidays also aided the down trend, while foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth Rs 808.27 crore on Thursday, as per provisional data provided by the bourses.
The 30-issue BSE barometer resumed stable and improved to a high of 27,692.32 on firm Asian cues on the back of rally on Wall Street on Thursday.
Later, however, it met with strong resistance and fell back to settle at 27,350.68 on bearish European opening, showing a fall of 251.33 points (or 0.91 per cent).
On Thursday, the gauge had tanked by 229.09 points (or 0.82 per cent). On a weekly basis , the Sensex had tumbled 1,107.42 points (or 3.89 per cent).
Refinery stocks continued to suffer the most as RIL, ONGC, Gail India and Cairn India dropped further on sustained worries over the sustained fall in global crude oil prices.
Sensex-based RIL ONGC and Gail India contributed over 85 points to the sensex fall.
Brent crude oil prices fell to an over 5-year low of near US $63 a barrel.
Besides refinery, realty, consumer durable, capital goods, metal and power shares too were at the receiving end and put pressure on the BSE index.
Selling was mainly seen across-the-board as 11 of 12 sectoral indices finished in the red while only the Healthcare index ended in the green on defensive buying.
On similar lines, the broader 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) index Nifty also plummeted by 68.80 points (or 0.83 per cent) to 8,224.10.

Oil co stocks drag Sensex down 251 points; worst week in 3 yearsOil co stocks drag Sensex down 251 points; worst week in 3 years
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, December 12, 2014
First Published: 10:18 IST(12/12/2014) | Last Updated: 23:15 IST(12/12/2014)
Comments
The BSE benchmark Sensex fell for a fifth session in six on Friday to post its worst weekly loss in three years dragged down by losses in oil and gas, realty and metal shares as Brent crude prices slipped to below $63 a barrel.
The 30-share Sensex resumed stable and improved to a high of 27,692.32 on firm Asian cues on the back of rally on Wall Street on Thursday. Later, it met with strong resistance and fell back to settle at 27,350.68 on bearish European opening, a fall of 251.33% or 0.91%. On a weekly basis, the Sensex has plunged by 1,107.42 points, or 3.89% — the worst weekly drop since December 2011.
The broader NSE Nifty ended at 8,224.10, down 68.80 points or 0.8%.
Brent crude oil prices sliding below $63 a barrel has led to global economic growth concerns, which also dragged European stocks lower.
“Markets closed the week with losses of about 3-4% on the benchmarks. There was weakness across sectors as markets are concerned about a global slowdown, as reflected in demand from major oil producing organisations,” said Dipen Shah, head – private client group research, Kotak Securities.
As per the regulatory data, foreign investors sold $141.5 million worth of shares in the last three sessions. Analysts expect FII flows will fall further as the Christmas holiday season approaches.
The slump in crude prices could also affect FII flows as sovereign wealth funds-backed by major oil exporters like Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Norway among others would have limited capital for exports next year, Neelkanth Mishra, MD (equity research) at Credit Suisse had warned this week.
Among major losers on Friday, Oil and Natural Gas Corp tumbled 3.6%, followed by Essar Oil (3.2%), Reliance Industries (2.5%) and Gail India (4.5%). Real estate stocks like Godrej Properties, Puravankara, Unitech and DLF fell between 3-6%. Among metal stocks, Tata Steel plunged 4% and Hindalco and Jindal Steel and Power were down 1-2%.

Target hacking-case judge voices doubt on claim nobody hurt0
Target is asking Magnuson to throw out about six dozen consumer lawsuits filed across the U.S. after last year's incursion and consolidated before him. McElhinny told the judge card-issuing banks reimburse customers for fraudulent charges.
The Minneapolis-based company is one of several retailers, including Barnes & Noble, Home Depot and Neiman Marcus Group, that have been sued by customers after data thieves invaded their computer systems.
Federal judges in Chicago dismissed the cases against Neiman Marcus and Barnes & Noble, citing a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that Amnesty International couldn't challenge a U.S. government surveillance program unless those who feared they were being spied on at least faced "certainly impending" harm. Target has cited the same case.
The Neiman Marcus ruling is being appealed, and customers in the Barnes & Noble case have refiled their suit.
Lawyers for Target's shoppers contend fallout from the hacking forced their customers to contend with frozen bank accounts, late fees and other costs.
"We're not here today because Target got hacked," plaintiffs' attorney Vincent Esades told the judge today. "We're here because of Target's conduct, the failure to stop it from happening."

Rakhi Sawants friend slaps director on stageRakhi Sawant’s friend continuously slaps director on stage
Recommend
Link
21 days ago, India Newzstreet
At the music launch of film 'Mumbai Can Dance Saala', Rakhi's friend came forward and slapped the director Sachendra Sharma accusing of casting couch and cutting Rakhi’s scenes in the film.
More on India Newzstreet:

Xiaomi suspends sales of smartphones in IndiaSome AirAsia Flight QZ8501 victims found belted in seats
Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi has suspended its sales in India following directions of the Delhi High Court, restraining sales of its products.
“We have been committed to continue our sales of Redmi Note and Redmi 1S devices in India. In the last two days alone, we received over 1.50 lakh registrations for Redmi Note on (e-commerce site) Flipkart and the momentum has been terrific,” Xiaomi VP Hugo Barra said in a post on a social networking site.
However, following the order passed by the Delhi High Court, “we have been forced to suspend sales until further notice. As a law abiding company, we are investigating the matter carefully and assessing our legal options”, he said.
Recently, the Delhi High Court in an interim order has restrained Xiaomi as well as Flipkart from selling in India handsets of the Chinese mobile maker that runÂ on the technology patented by Ericsson.
“Our sincere apologies to all Indian Mi fans! Please rest assured that we’re doing all we can to revert the situation. We have greatly enjoyed our journey with you in India over the last 5 months and we firmly intend to continue it!”, he said in the post.
Post Comments
More from industry

White hair syndrome inhibits innovation  says Ratan TataWhite hair syndrome inhibits innovation, says Ratan Tata at the launch of XPrize India contest
By TNN | 12 Dec, 2014, 12.16PM IST
0
Share More
XPrize's first competition, the $10-million Ansari XPrize launched in 1996 and which had the objective of making private space travel commercially viable.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Ratan Tata said India's " white hair syndrome" had inhibited the emergence of an innovation ecosystem.
Indians, he said, tend to think "Your idea is never as good as mine". So though India was potentially a great place for innovations, it never got the opportunity, the chairman emeritus of Tata Sons said. Indians, he said, could solve problems given to them, but indicated they weren't so accomplished at identifying new problems to solve.
Tata was speaking here on Thursday at the launch of the India chapter of XPrize, a US-based non-profit that creates and manages incentivized prizes that encourage high-impact innovations in some of the world's most pressing areas.
XPrize's first competition, the $10-million Ansari XPrize launched in 1996 and which had the objective of making private space travel commercially viable, led eventually to the development of ventures like Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic.
Two on-going competitions include the Google Lunar XPrize, a $30-million competition to soft-land a privately funded craft on the Moon, and the Qualcomm Tricorder XPrize, a $10-million competition to create an affordable, wireless and portable medical device that can diagnose some 15 diseases. Both competitions have one Indian team among the leading teams, as established by certain intermediate milestones.
India has become the first country outside the US to have XPrize competitions designed specifically for domestic challenges. "India is a microcosm of emerging world problems and emerging world potential in terms of entrepreneurship, philanthropy and technology," XPrize founder & CEO Peter Diamandis said.
The choice of India was also influenced by the presence of Ratan Tata and Indian American entrepreneurs Naveen Jain and Paresh Ghelani among XPrize's trustees; all of them were keen to ignite an entrepreneurial ecosystem here.
In India, the focus will be on issues like water, waste management, energy, and learning. The first competition will be sponsored by Coca-Cola and will be in the area of water. "It is a scarce resource in India, and it is a precious resource for us," said Venkatesh Kini, president of Coca-Cola India . The precise problem to be solved will be determined and announced in the next six months.
Silicon Valley venture capitalist Asha Jadeja Motwani announced she would fund a multi-million dollar competition directed at solving an issue related to girls and women in India. "It's likely to be dedicated to women safety, or may be even legal rights of women, or their health and learning," she said.
Diamandis said history demonstrated that incentivized competitions often resulted in outstanding innovations. He noted that the $25,000 Orteig Prize offered in 1919 to fly non-stop from New York to Paris , or the other way, was what led to Charles Lindbergh accomplishing that feat in 1927.
He said the 20,000 pounds Longitude Prize offered by the British Parliament in the early 1700s was what led John Harrison , an English carpenter and clockmaker, to invent the marine chronometer, a long-sought after device for solving the problem of establishing the longitude of a ship at sea, thus revolutionizing and extending the possibility of safe long-distance sea travel.
Naveen Jain said small groups of people could today do what once could be done only by large companies, and noted how a number of 20-30 member teams were competing to land a craft on the Moon in the Google Lunar XPrize challenge.
* Tata said he had always visualized Indians solving global problems and XPrize now gave that opportunity. "Things that have been the subject of dreams for the most part are being converted to reality by XPrize," he said.

Shimla receives season s first snowfallpicture others
Shimla receives season’s first snowfall
Shimla and its nearby tourists spots –Kufri , Fagu, Naldehra and Narkanda on Saturday received season’s first and an early snowfall bringing cheers among locals and tourists planning their weekend at the hill stations. (Source: Express photo by Lalit Kumar)
A man walks on a snow covered road during snowfall at Kufri in Shimla on Saturday. (Source: Express photo by Lalit Kumar)
The snowfall, as predicted by the Shimla centre of the Meterological started early on Saturday morning at Kufri, Narkanda and Fagu beside places like Kharapathar and soon Shimla also received snowflakes coupled with shower during the day. (Source: Express photo by Lalit Kumar)
This has raised the hopes for a ‘White Christmas’ in Shimla—a thing of past for erstwhile capital of the British Raj days in India. (Source: Express photo by Lalit Kumar)
Reports of early snowfall were a joyful surprise for those who were visiting Shimla and Manali. (Source: Express photo by Lalit Kumar)
The movement of the vehicles was affected in places like Kufri, strangling many passengers, especially those travelling by bus. (Source: Express photo by Lalit Kumar)
The lowest temperature recorded at Keylong was -3.0°C and highest at Una 22.4°C. (Source: Express photo by Lalit Kumar)
School children walk on snow covered road during the season’s first snowfall in Shimla on Sunday. (Source:  Express photo by Lalit Kumar)
People walk on snow covered road during the season’s first snowfall in Shimla on Sunday. (Source:  Express photo by Lalit Kumar)
Tourists enjoying season’s first snowfall at Ridge in Shimla on Sunday. (Source: Express photo by Lalit Kumar)
Skip this Advertisement

Jaitley top performer   Make in India  best initiative: PollArun Jaitley
(The finance minister has…)
The finance minister has been the most impressive among his Cabinet colleagues in the past 200 days. Make in India trumps other government initiatives like Swachh Bharat and Smart Cities, the disbanding of the Planning Commission is touted as the most significant policy reform and prime minister Modi's visit to the United States is perceived to be the most successful of all his foreign trips.
Those are the findings of an ET Magazine poll to which some 6,775 visitors to economictimes.indiatimes.com responded between December 10 and 12.
Jaitley clearly has begun well, with a little over half of the respondents voting for him as the best-performing minister so far.
Piyush Goyal, minister of state with independent charge for power, coal and new and renewable energy, and Nirmala Sitharaman, minister of state (independent charge) for ministry of commerce and industry as well as minister of state for finance and corporate affairs, are a distant second and third, respectively.
Jaitley also gets a fair bit of support for his — and the BJP-led government's — crusade to bring back money from overseas; only 23% feel the government won't succeed in this endeavour whilst 44% are optimistic (the rest aren't sure).
Replacing the Planning Commission with a new body and increasing FDI limits in critical sectors are the reforms that have impressed the respondents the most.
Surprisingly, the relaunch of the savings scheme Kisan Vikas Patra (KVP) isn't really a big hit, with only 6% of the respondents seeing it as significant; perhaps many of them agree with the Congress view that KVPs could be used to launder black money.
The good news for the embattled Congress is that the party is still being considered the most effective Opposition. Well, the recent 'slips-of-tongue' in Parliament by the ruling party may be doing their bit to help the Grand Old Party get its mojo back.
FEATURED ARTICLES

View:  Make in India  can t be a policy  only an outcome`Make in India' can't be a policy, only an outcome
By Swaminathan S Anklesaria Aiyar,  | 14 Dec, 2014, 10.38AM IST
0
Share More
The Doing Business report of the World Bank and IFC for 2015 places India at just 142nd of 189 countries surveyed in ease of doing business.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
Narendra Modi has come to power by promising rapid economic growth that delivers millions of jobs. To achieve this, Modi has devised a `Make in India' policy .
Launched with a blaze of publicity , it seeks to make India a manufacturing giant and attract global investors.
It aims to raise the share of manufacturing in GDP from the current 13-14% to 25%. Modi is envious of the rise of China as a manufacturing giant. India has lagged far behind for decades, and he naturally wants India to catch up.
Problem: for all the hoopla and cheering at various Modi meetings and summits, the growth of manufacturing in the July-September quarter was 0.1%. The growth of fixed investment, the foundation of future production, was virtually zero. Alas, people are not "making in India", and are not investing to make in the future either. Probably things will improve a bit in the next quarter: early trends suggest that manufacturing growth may go up to 2.5%. But remember that during the much-derided Nehruvian licence-permit raj, manufacturing used to grow at 4-5% per year! One industrialist who does not want to be quoted asks, "Why will foreigners come to invest here when Indians are not investing?" During his foreign visits, Modi urged global giants to Make in India. They replied politely that they will surely consider this, but such politeness must not be confused with serious intent. A US businessman said during Modi's US visit, "There's lots of sizzle, but where's the steak?" He's still waiting.
Modi must accept an elementary fact: `Make in India' can only be an outcome, not a policy . If he creates conditions in which all sorts of investment will thrive, the outcome will be a rush to produce in India, by both Indians and foreigners. If the conditions are not conducive, no amount of sloganeering will create a Make in India rush. In such conditions, attempts to force the share of manufacturing up to 25% will fail, exactly as Nehru-Indira policies failed in the licence-permit raj. So will additional tax breaks or subsidies for Special Economic Zones.
The government has produced a list of items currently imported, and wants to make them in India. This importsubstitution approach is reminiscent of Nehruvian days.
Modi is implementing the Congress idea of forcing public sector units to procure 20% of their supplies from MSMEs ( micro , small and medium enterprises ). This is a partial return of the old, failed reservation for small-scale industries. Quotas, reservations and subsidies do not square with Modi's promise of "minimum government, maximum governance".
The Doing Business report of the World Bank and IFC for 2015 places India at just 142nd of 189 countries surveyed in ease of doing business. India used to be 116th of 155 countries a decade earlier.
Has Modi's coming made a difference? Well, say businessmen, corruption is down a bit and file clearances are faster, but the big picture hasn't changed much. Land acquisition remains moribund, state-level clearances are slow even if central clearances are given, labour laws remain unchanged, infrastructure remains a big bottleneck, the electricity sector is bust, banks are reeling under bad debts, and the public-private partnership model is broken. We have seen modest increases in FDI limits in insurance and defence, and minor reductions in ministerial discretion and inspectors' powers. These barely touch the fringes of the rules and procedures strangling business.
The Doing Business report ranks India 184th in ease of getting a construction permit, 134th in getting electricity connections, 121st in registering property , 156th in paying taxes, 122nd in ease of foreign trade, 137th in resolving insolvency , and 186th in enforcing contracts. This is pathetic.Modi has shown little or no action on these fronts. Many of these issues fall within the states' jurisdiction, and Modi has neither the means nor inclination to impose tough reforms on the states.
Modi in his election campaign said the government should not be in business. But he has no plans to privatize anything, not even white elephants like Air India. At the ET Now conclave, energy minister Piyush Goyal said he was proud of Coal India , a company whose productivity is one-tenth that of the best Australian and American mines.If you cannot see the problem, can you solve it?
Make in India is being confused with Make in Coal India, Make in Air India, Make in MSMEs, Make in SEZs and so on. Even as the BJP castigates Nehru, it is adopting what look like neo-Nehruvian ideas. Instead, Modi should focus on making business as easy and honest as possible, avoiding artificial props, curbing inflation and fiscal deficits, ensuring a realistic exchange rate, and letting the market decide which sectors should flourish. Investors from everywhere will then rush in to Make in India.

Gems & jewellery  SME  3 others to come under  Make in IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections
Gems & jewellery, SME, 3 others to come under 'Make in India'
PTI Dec 14, 2014, 11.40AM IST
Tags:
Auto
(The government has identified…)
NEW DELHI: Government is likely to expand the scope of 'Make in India' programme by including five more sectors like gems and jewellery to boost growth in the manufacturing sector.
The government has identified 25 sectors, including pharmaceuticals, automobiles, textiles , aviation , mining , chemicals , which have potential to make India a leader in their respective fields.
"Five more sectors are expected to be added, including gems and jewellery and SMEs (small and medium enterprises). The aim is to boost manufacturing sector's growth and increase its share in the country's GDP," an official said.
In these sectors, substantial work would be done to identify growth drivers, investment opportunities, FDI policy, sectoral policies and specific reasons to invest.
The manufacturing sector now contributes about 16-17 per cent and the government aims to increase it to 25 per cent by 2022.
The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) has already announced a series of steps to improve ease of doing business in the country and boost manufacturing.
The DIPP has also set up an 8-member expert panel for quick redressal of grievances and queries of global and domestic investors.
Dashing hopes of recovery, industrial production contracted by 4.2 per cent in October, the sharpest decline in at least two years, on poor show by manufacturing sector and dip in the output of capital as well as consumer goods.
Manufacturing output, which constitutes over 75 per cent of the index, contracted by 7.6 per cent in October, compared to a dip of 1.3 per cent in the same month a year ago.
For April-October, the sector saw an output growth of 0.7 per cent, compared to a contraction 0.1 per cent in the year-ago period.
Overall, 16 of the 22 industry groups in manufacturing showed negative growth in October.
Modi had launched the ambitious 'Make in India' programme in September to attract overseas investments and make the country a global manufacturing hub.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Narendra Modi shines as a reformer in online worldBJP
(The PM shines as a reformer…)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi versus superstar Rajnikanth — how is that for a match-up? Perish the delicious thought, for now we just have netizens comparing the two.
It was inevitable though, with the aura of invincibility around the two and the Modi government completing 200 days in office on the eve of the release of the Rajni starrer, Lingaa.
To mark 200 days of the Modi Sarkar, ET Magazine got big data research firm MavenMagnet to crawl the internet to gauge the mood on the day.
MavenMagnet's patented methodology for the survey gleans opinions out of public conversations without asking questions (see Methodology). Rajanikanth has company though; Modi is also being compared to Singham.
Never mind the scenes in Parliament, Modi still seems to be enjoying a honeymoon with the virtual world, with a net 22% positive vibe around him.
A large segment, or 61%, remains neutral or mildly positive. On the 200th day, that is Thursday, December 11, Modi also scored brownie points by congratulating President Pranab Mukherjee and tweeting in Russian to welcome president Putin.
Foreign relations, infusion of national pride, governance and his Kashmir pitch dominated the online discussions around him and his role as prime minister.
The discussions that focused on him personally hovered around his vision and his ability to engage with the masses.
The negative vibes were generated by the usual suspects. Positives and negatives split the vibes baskets down the middle in topics like 'communal harmony' and 'secularism'.
However, these topics themselves have not gathered enough traction yet to dominate the discussion around Modi and the most prominent words around him are "vision" and "shares" or "meets" followed by "developed". Even words like "RSS" or "Hindu" are not prominent.
The man-in-charge imagery clearly is winning the day as this comment from an anonymous commentator shows: "Powerful Modi can only solve all India problems and put the opposition and even his own ministers in place." Over to the next 200 days.
FEATURED ARTICLES

J&K s people have shown their faith in Indian democracy: PM ModiJammu and kashmir
("People of J&K have shown…)
KATHUA(J&K): Terming the ongoing Assembly election as "historic", Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said people of Jammu and Kashmir have shown their faith in Indian democracy by participating in large numbers in the polls which the world is closely watching.
"People of Jammu and Kashmir have shown full faith in the Indian democracy and given a strong message to the world. This has scripted history in independent India.
"This election has become very important for integrity and sovereignty of India. ...They (people of Jammu and Kashmir) have introduced Indian democracy to the world through the massive polling in Jammu and Kashmir elections. You have done a great work," Modi said.
Hitting out at the previous government in New Delhi for all the ills in Jammu and Kashmir, he said "the work which could not been done by governments sitting in New Delhi, you (J&K people) have done it by pressing a simple button of EVM".
Modi said that by pressing the electronic voting machine, people of the state have given a clear message to the world that the EVM is more powerful than the AK-47.
"Several elections, including Lok Sabha polls, have taken place in recent times in which Modi came out victorious. Recently Haryana, Jharkhand, MP elections were held. But in the entire world, the elections in J&K are being discussed."
"Why are only the J&K elections being discussed across the world. What is the reason? The reason is over 70 per cent of polling," he said.
Seeking votes for a majority government of BJP in J&K for overall development in the state, Modi said, "The destiny of Jammu and Kashmir will only change through development. J&K needs schools, roads, water, power and health services. For this we need your support".
FEATURED ARTICLES

International Yoga Day: PM Modi hailed for  lifting India s prestigeAmit Shah
("I salute PM Modi & his…)
NEW DELHI: BJP President Amit Shah today lauded Prime Minister Narendra Modi for "lifting India's prestige in the world", saying it was due to his efforts that United Nations had declared June 21 as 'International Yoga Day'.
In a congratulatory message, he said it was a matter of pride for Indians as it is an extraordinary achievement for the country.
"Congratulations to Prime Narendra Modi ji for getting June 21 recognised as International Yoga Day by UN," he said.
The BJP chief said that in his address at the United Nations General Assembly on September 27, Modi had mooted the proposal for having an international yoga day.
Shah said that over 170 nations had supported India's resolution in this regard and that was due to the efforts put in by the Modi government in the last three months.
"It is a matter of pride and honour for 125 crore Indians. I salute Prime Minister Modi and his team for lifting India's prestige in the world... Yoga is an invaluable contribution of India to the world," he said.
Less than three months after Modi proposed the idea, the UN General Assembly yesterday adopted an India-led resolution declaring June 21 as 'International Day of Yoga' as it recognised that "Yoga provides a holistic approach to health and well-being."
The resolution on 'International Day of Yoga' was introduced by India's Ambassador to UN, Asoke Mukerji , and had 177 nations joining as co-sponsors, the highest number ever for any General Assembly resolution.
It is also the first time that such an initiative has been proposed and implemented by any country in the UN body in less than 90 days.
FEATURED ARTICLES

128  vanishing companies  traced; under government s  watch listYou are here: Home > Collections > Companies
128 'vanishing companies' traced; under government's 'watch list'
PTI Dec 14, 2014, 11.21AM IST
Tags:
Corporate Affairs Ministry
(A total of 78 firms are currently…)
NEW DELHI: As many as 128 companies, which had vanished after raising funds from public, have been traced and are on the government's watch list, while another 32 such companies are undergoing a process of liquidation.
A total of 238 companies, which mobilised money via public issues, had been identified as "vanishing companies" by the government, as they stopped filing balance sheets with the regulators and were untraceable.
In a recent document, the government said that 128 out of the 238 "vanishing companies" were removed from this category and placed under a "watch list" after these firms started filing account statements.
Additionally, 32 firms are presently under the process of liquidation, it added.
With this, a total of 78 firms are currently placed under the category of 'vanishing'. These firms collectively raised more than Rs 310 crore from investors.
The Corporate Affairs Ministry has initiated action in case of these 78 'vanishing companies'.
"FIRs have been lodged against 78 such companies and their directors and to trace their whereabouts as well as to file cases against them under the provision of Indian Penal Code ( IPC )," the document said.
"Prosecutions have also been filed against these firms and their promoters/directors ... for non-filing of Statutory Returns and ... for mis-statement in prospectus/ fraudulently inducing persons to invest money/false statements made in the offer documents, etc," it added.
A number of steps have been taken by the government to protect investors from fraudulent activities.
These include a mandatory requirement for every existing or prospective directors to obtain a 'Director Identification Number (DIN)'.
DIN process requires detailed verification of particulars of a person so that traceability of the directors is ensured.
The provision makes it difficult for individuals promoting dubious companies to defraud investors by hiding or misrepresenting their identity.
In case of incorporation of a new company or change of address of an existing company, the government has also made it mandatory for professionals to verify details of the company and to personally visit their premises and certify that the premises are at the disposal of the company.
In such cases, proof of registered address has also been made mandatory to be furnished at the time of incorporation or change of registered office address.
Moreover, the government has issued instructions to the Registrar of Companies to scrutinise balance sheets and other records of the company who raise money through public issue and monitor the utilisation of such funds.
Besides, the government has taken various preemptive measures like sensitising people through investors awareness programmes.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How China s slowdown can adversely impact IndiaHow China's economic slowdown can adversely impact India
Avinash Celestine, ET Bureau Dec 14, 2014, 06.07AM IST
Tags:
Anupam Shah
(Trade deficit has soared…)
Roughly $4.2 billion and counting. That's the size of the deficit that India faces, in its trade with China as of October this year. That trade deficit has soared by 26 per cent over the same month last year, as exports from India to China have effectively dropped off a cliff. Exports in September and October were down by a third from a year earlier, while imports by India from China are still growing. Engineering exports alone to India's neighbour have fallen by 50 per cent, according to the Engineering Export Promotion Council (EEPC), an umbrella body of engineering exporters.
"While there is a contention that China's slowdown may not pinch us....it is clearly doing so as it also happens to be one of our main markets for exports," says Anupam Shah, chairman of EEPC India. The India-China relationship goes beyond trade in goods. Some 24 per cent of sales in volume terms by Tata Motors owned-Jaguar Land Rover ( JLR), for instance, were from China in 2013-14. Just a couple of months ago, JLR inaugurated its first overseas factory in China with an investment of over $1.7 billion.
But in macroeconomic terms, what matters is the trade in goods and services between the two economies. If a Chinese slowdown is news for the world economy, it is major news for the Indian economy. India-China trade accounted for about 9 per cent of India's total trade in goods so far this year. But that trade deficit with China accounted for about a third of India's overall trade deficit between April and October this year.
Bad Timing
As the first chart shows, by the standards of most other countries, including India, China is still growing strongly, at over 7 per cent. Yet that growth is down from 9 per cent earlier and the effects of slowdown have rippled through the world economy.
Quarterly growth rates in %
If engineering exports have dipped sharply, other major commodity exports from India to China have hardly been left untouched. Cotton accounted for a quarter of all Indian exports to China in 2013-14, and 60 per cent of all cotton exported goes to China. A recent report by CARE Ratings forecasts that Indian cotton exports to China will fall from 11 million bales in 2013-14, to 6-7 million bales in 2014-15. A major reason is a new cotton import policy introduced by the China, under which cotton import quotas have been slashed, to boost demand for domestic cotton.
  Imports above that quota are subject to a 40 per cent tariff. "China is the biggest consumer of the Indian cotton and with China cutting its imports, India may have to look for other markets," says the report. More generally, as Biswajit Dhar, director general of Research and Information System for Developing Countries, a think tank, points out: "We are now a large market for China for cheap mass-produced goods." And even as India has evolved into a destination for final goods, it is a major supplier of raw material to Chinese industry.
Beyond commodity exports though, India has built somewhat of a niche for itself in certain areas of the manufactured goods markets. "We are most competitive in the Chinese market in the medium volume segment," says Shah. This segment involves orders sized at a few thousand or tens of thousands per year.
At volumes larger than this, Indian companies cannot compete with Chinese counterparts given the latter's vastly better economies of scale and size. "But in the medium volume segment, which re-quires specialised machines, Indian firms are able to compete," he says. With a Chinese slowdown though, the small and medium companies will be hardest hit.
Indirect Effects
But as the OECD's recent Economic Outlook points out, the indirect effects of a Chinese slowdown on the world economy could be as serious as the direct effects. A 2 percentage point decline in Chinese growth would lead to about a 0.3 per cent decline in global GDP per year.
But add in the increased uncertainty caused by a slowdown in what is not just a workshop of the world but also increasingly a key market, and the decline would rise to 0.5 percentage points. "The full impact of the combined shocks would be relatively large in Japan as well as India and Russia," the report says. A decline in Chinese growth by 2 percentage points for 2015 and 2016, estimates the OECD, would lead to a more than 0.50 per cent decline in annual GDP growth by 2016 in the Indian economy.
But the indirect effects can have a positive as well. Prices of commodities from copper to iron ore have fallen in recent months, partly driven by the weak demand from China. "There are some gains from weak Chinese growth," says DK Joshi, chief economist with ratings firm CRISIL. "A slowdown will lead to lower commodity prices."
From an economy-wide point of view, lower prices of key inputs such as copper and iron ore reduce costs for a range of industries.
Indian firms dependent on commodity inputs, and selling largely in the domestic markets, could benefit. However Joshi adds: "On balance though, healthy Chinese growth is good for the world economy right now."
Going forward, Rupa Rege Nitsure, chief economist at the Bank of Baroda, points out: "Weak Chinese industrial growth offers an opportunity to Indian firms to take back export markets they had lost," she says. "The weak Chinese growth opens the door for Indian companies," she says.
"So in that sense, it is a positive for us." With Indian growth still stuttering, amidst a slowdown not just in China, but in other key markets, it will be the ability of Indian companies to seize the initiative that will be tested most.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Varanasi: A city that is smarting at the seams(If a Smart Varanasi encompasses…)
By Prerna Katiyar
VARANASI: It is 5:30 in the morning and, even as most of India has still to wake up, one part of an ancient city is bustling. People are offering prayers on the ghats of the river, a few are chanting Har Har Mahadev, others are bathing either themselves or their buffaloes, and still others are loudly discussing the inevitable — politics and the actions of their first-time MP, who is also the country's prime minister.
There's chaos of the controlled kind on the ghats of Varanasi as the early morning light skims across the surface of the Ganga. Two hundred days after Narendra Modi was sworn in as prime minister and 210 days after he was declared winner from Varanasi by a handsome margin of 3.37 lakh votes, the city's MP and the country's PM is still the tittle-tattle of the temple town. "The city, languishing in its past glory, has seen an awakening of sorts in the last six months. Work looks to be in progress in our city," says Narendra Singh, a small-time businessman, after offering prayers at the colourful Dashashwamedh Ghat.
If you're looking for a counter view, there are plenty lurking in the 80-odd ghats that lead up to the river. "Chavanni ka kaam nahi hua hai [not an iota of work has been done]," rues Yashpal Yadav, a resident of Ardali Bazar, pointing to a gali with a mound of garbage "The good areas are getting better and the bad are turning worse."
"Real Varanasi lives in the galis and bylanes while work initiated by the Modi government is happening in the VIP areas to make them now VVIP localities — we don't know if Modi is aware of the ground realities," adds a resident of Sanjay Gandhi colony, wishing to remain unnamed.
Mega Plans
In end-August, Modi, within hours of landing in Osaka in Japan, was witness to the signing of an agreement with his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe to transform Varanasi into a Kyoto-style smart city. Like Varanasi, Kyoto, which is called the city of 10,000 shrines, is a place of pilgrimage — and also has a river flowing through.
The promise of wide and clean roads and modern infrastructure — think high-speed rail networks and navigable waterways — on the lines of Kyoto contrasts sharply with Varanasi's filthy galis, polluted river and rickety ghats. Add to that overflowing sewage drains, power cuts, traffic jams and water shortage, and you wonder: do the people of Varanasi see hope for an ugly-duckling-toswan-queen like metamorphosis?
The answer from Ajay Rai of the Congress, who contested unsuccessfully from the constituency, is predictable. "People of Varanasi had a lot of expectations from Modi but unfortunately it is all talk and no action. There isn't much ground work happening in the city," he declares. "Kashi and Kashi vasi (citizens) will never like the idea of transforming the city into some other world city like Kyoto."
So, along with difficulty in grasping the sheer scale and ambition of the smart city initiative, there's also a fear among the local community of the makeover erasing Varanasi's timeworn character. As Gopal Seth, a shopkeeper in Chetganj, wonders: "What will we do with a new Varanasi if we lose our own identity?" "Our needs are pretty basic," adds Saroj Singh, a resident of Chowka Ghat. "Give us power, good roads and our basic necessities, and we don't care for any talk of a smart city or the Kyoto model."
Even for good electricity connection and roads, Varanasi needs a makeover, and mayor Ram Gopal Mohale points to projects like a solid waste treatment plant, multi-level parkings at Beniya Bagh, Bisheshwarganj and Lahurabir that if completed will make life easier for citizens. The operative word here of course is 'if'. The mayor sees the Samajwadi Partyruled state government as an impediment. "A lot of projects are in the pipeline to improve the basic amenities of the city but we aren't getting enough support from the state government," says Mohale.
The good news, though, is that Modi's initiatives — some nationwide and others aimed squarely at Varanasi — are breeding a sense of hope amongst the people. Says a local photojournalist who this writer bumped into on Lahurabir Square: "People now have a sense of ownership. They are not ashamed to step out in the open with brooms in their hand and become part of the Swachh Bharat mission to do something that till yesterday they were doing only in their respective houses."
Of course, not all journos in Varanasi speak in the same voice. "All this talk of Swachh Bharat and working with the brooms is an eye wash," says another. "The other day, when the Prime Minister had launched the mission, a bunch of advocates almost snatched the brooms from the safai karamcharis for a 'photo-op' after which they literally threw the brooms back to the workers."

Files on 47 SEZs go missing  cloud over land allotmentsFiles on 47 SEZs go missing, cloud over land allotments
By Pradeep Thakur, TNN | 14 Dec, 2014, 10.47AM IST
The CAG has said that 47 files related to government land allotments to corporate houses for SEZs have gone missing in the commerce ministry, raising doubts on the fairness of the allotments. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Raising doubts on the fairness of allotment of government land to some top corporates for special economic zones (SEZs), the comptroller and auditor general (CAG) has said that 47 files related to them have gone missing in the commerce ministry and were not made available to the audit team despite requests.
The auditor has published names of all the 47 SEZ developers who were allocated concessional government land at important locations in different cities whose files the commerce ministry refused to share for scrutiny. The CAG audit report on performance of SEZs was recently tabled in Parliament and will now be taken up for discussion by the public accounts committee (PAC).
Sources said when the audit team insisted on verifying details of these allotments and status of the projects, the ministry officials said these files were not traceable. "We wrote letters demanding these files, but were told they are not available," said a senior audit official.
These key files involved big SEZ developers such as Moradabad SEZ/Handicraft, two files of DLF Commercial, three files of Infosys related to their SEZs in Mysore, Bangalore and Mangalore and two files of Wipro Ltd. "No details of these SEZ units were available such as whether complete application was made by the developers, whether all the conditions required for approval were met, whether the board of approval carried out proper due diligence on the developers, etc," the official said.
The list of 47 also includes Adani Port and SEZ, Essar Hazira, Moser Baer India in Greater Noida, Mahindra Worldcity, Chengalpattu, Suzlon SEZ, Bengal Shapoorji Infrastructure Development Pvt Ltd, Diamond and Gems Development Corporation (SURSEZ) and L&T hi-tech city among others.
CAG has said these cases could not be audited for lack of cooperation from the commerce ministry. The ministry also did not provide the auditor with the current status of these projects, whether the developers started the SEZ projects or the land was diverted for commercial exploitation as has been revealed in several cases during the audit.
The CAG report had revealed that several hectares of land acquired for SEZ invoking public purpose were later sold off or used for other purposes. Among the groups that diverted land acquired for SEZs are Reliance Industries and Essar Steel, according to the audit report.
The CAG said that SEZs of Essar Steel in Hazira and Reliance Industries Ltd in Jamnagar, Gujarat denotified area of 247 ha and 708 ha respectively, and allotted them to ineligible DTA (domestic tariff area) units.
In case of Sricity SEZ in Andhra Pradesh , audit found that 2,070 ha was not used for the intended purpose. This land was allotted by the SEZ operators to private companies such as Alstom, Pepsico, Cadbury, Colgate, Kellogg's etc.
"Land appeared to be the most crucial and attractive component of the scheme. Out of 45,635 ha of land notified in the country for SEZ purposes, operations commenced in only 28,488 ha (62%)," the audit pointed out.
The audit found that many developers approached the government for allotment of vast areas of land in the name of SEZ. "However, only a fraction of the land so acquired was notified for SEZ and later denotification was also resorted to within a few years to benefit from price appreciation," the CAG has said.
As much as 5,402 ha of land was denotified in six states and diverted for commercial purposes, the audit found. "Many tracts of these lands were acquired invoking the 'public purpose' clause. Thus, land acquired was not serving the objectives of the SEZ Act," the audit said.

Rs 5 trillion worth of infra plans to be taken up in 5 yrs: GadkariBJP
(Projects worth Rs 1.8 trillion…)
MUMBAI: Infrastructure projects worth Rs 5 trillion can be taken up in the next five years, Union Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari today said as the NDA Government moves to tackle land and environment clearance issues that have stymied such ventures.
"Nearly Rs 2.8 trillion worth projects were stuck before I took charge. We must do a lot in the infrastructure sector. We believe projects worth Rs 5 trillion can be taken up in the next five years," he said at an event here.
Projects worth Rs 1.8 trillion have already kick- started after the BJP-led Government took charge in May-end, he said this evening.
The Minister said projects have been delayed due to various issues, including land acquisition, environment clearance and public protests, among others.
"There are various issues that needed to be addressed to ensure speedy approvals. Besides, each project has its own set of issues. We are now seeking information about each project and trying to address them individually."
Gadkari said the Government will take measures to ensure projects become cost effective so that they can be undertaken on PPP (public-private partnership) model.
"We need to make projects cost and quality effective. If measures can be taken to reduce the cost of construction and the States and the Centre give some relaxation on taxation at certain levels, projects can become viable and we can do them on PPP model. We want to do ports and water transport projects under the PPP model."
Development of inland water transport and ports will itself help increase GDP grow by an additional 2 per cent, he said, adding it will also generate employment.
During the previous Manmohan Singh administration as many as Rs 28 trillion worth infra plans were stuck due to policy inaction and land acquisition issues, among others.
In June 2013, the UPA Government set up a monitoring cell under PMO which cleared projects worth Rs 8 trillion. But banks still say there is no demand for project loans.
Gadkari said his Ministry's focus will be to give priority to water-ways followed by rail and roads. "Inland water transport is the cheapest and pollution-free among all the other means of transport. We want to encourage water transport system."
He hinted at forming a national waterways authority on the lines of the one existing for highways.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Proper mechanism in place to monitor terror groups: Kiren RijijuYou are here: Home > Collections
Proper mechanism in place to monitor terror groups: Kiren Rijiju
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 09.47PM IST
Tags:
Kiren Rijiju
(In its report, the British…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre today said a proper mechanism is in place to monitor the activities of terror groups after a British media report claimed the man behind the most influential pro-Islamic State Twitter account followed by foreign jihadis is from Bengaluru.
"We have a mechanism in place. We see everything," Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju told reporters here reacting to the British news broadcaster 'Channel 4' report.
Rijiju said he was not in a position to comment on the report immediately.
"We have various agencies working on various directions at various positions," he said.
In its report, the British news broadcaster said that the man operating the account is an executive working for an Indian conglomerate in Bengaluru.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jamait Ulema-e-Hind slams BJP leader over terror chargeAshish Shelar
(Jamait-e-Ulema said…)
MUMBAI: Jamait Ulema-e-Hind (JUH), which provides free legal aid to Muslim youths held in terror- related cases, today rejected a BJP MLA's charge that it was promoting terrorism and criticised him for demanding a ban on the organisation.
The outfit said charges levelled by Ashish Shelar , BJP legislator who is also President of the party's Mumbai City unit, were completely "false, baseless and defamatory".
The organisation was referring to allegations recently made by Shelar on the floor of Maharashtra Assembly, currently having its winter session in Nagpur, that JUH collects "huge" donations to fight cases for people arrested on terror charges and should be banned as it "promotes" terrorism.
"It (Shelar's charge) is completely false, baseless, defamatory, shameful and needs to be condemned in strongest words," Jamiat President Maulana Mustaqeem , and Secretary of its Legal Cell, Gulzar Azmi, said in a statement here.
Jamait-e-Ulema said it was providing legal assistance not only to members of its community but also to non-Muslims held in serious crimes, including terrorism, who it believes are "innocent". The outfit denied it was providing legal aid to Abu Jundal, LeT operative arrested in 26/11 attack case.
"We are providing legal aid to 400 people booked in 55 cases across India. But before deciding to take up a case our organisation makes sure that it vetted by expert lawyers and antecedents of the accused/victims are also checked", the Jamait's office-bearers added.
Jamait also provides help to riot-hit people and those affected by natural calamities, the statement said.
"It has come to Jamait's notice that several times innocent Muslim youths are arrested by police on the pretext of conducting investigations and in the interests of national security. It is a serious issue....a moral and social issue, and hence, if we are satisfied that the person is innocent, we take up the case," it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil at $40 seems a possibility. Here s what it means for IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections > India
With $60 for oil, $40 seems a likely possibility. Here's what it means for India
ET Bureau Dec 13, 2014, 12.14PM IST
Tags:
Crude oil
The price of crude has plummeted to $60 a barrel, which should be good news for everyone except oil producers, right? Well, yes and no. Here's a look at what the oil slide means for India—both the good and the bad:
FEATURED ARTICLES

Achche Din for jobs: Cos to hire more  pay more in  15achche din
(On the platter for the job…)
NEW DELHI: In preparation for 'achche din' promised by the new government, India Inc has big plans for 2015 when it comes to hiring people and doling out pay hikes.
On the platter for the job market, the companies are promising an estimated 3-5 lakh new jobs, an increase of 15-20 per cent in headcount and average pay hike of 10-12 per cent that can go up to 30 per cent for certain roles and sectors.
These ambitious plans, which experts mostly attribute to an upsurge in business sentiments since the new government took over around middle of the year, would make 2015 a much better year for the job market than 2014.
According to various human resource firms and job consultancy organisations, Indian companies recorded an average hiring growth of 10-12 per cent in 2014, while salary hikes stood at about 8-10 per cent.
With the economy showing signs of an upturn and the positivity continuing in the business sentiment, the experts believe that the hiring activities should get only better and the companies would dole out double-digit salary hike to attract the right talent.
The job market may get a further boost if foreign firms come to set shop here after certain sectors are opened up for further overseas investments, as promised by the government.
According to the global human resource solution provider, Aon Hewitt, the average salary increase for 2014 as projected by over 500 organisations in India stood at 10 per cent, with a range of 8.8 per cent to 12 per cent across industries.
Global major HayGroup says that the companies in India are likely to dole out an average pay hike of 10.5 per cent in 2015 -- much better than many other countries in Asia.
Another major global consultancy Mercer said that the Indian companies are likely to keep their average salary hike at 11 per cent in 2015, up from 10.6 per cent in 2014.
While hiring growth is expected to be robust across the sectors, IT, healthcare and pharma, manufacturing and engineering and retail could be the primary drivers of hiring followed by telecom, FMCG and financial services, staffing firm TeamLease Services' Senior VP Kunal Sen said.
In order to attract and retain key talent, apart from the general compensation increases, organisations would invest in wellness programs, retirement models, financial wellness, cohesive workforce and partnering with colleges to create specific talent pool. Attrition and growth may remain stable.
According to the Employment Outlook Survey by workforce solutions major ManpowerGroup, Indian employers are expecting a brisk hiring pace for the January-March period and India has also emerged one of the most optimistic nations in the world in terms of hiring plans for the next three months.
Campus placements are already in full-swing and hiring plans of many companies, whose expansion plans were stuck due to policy paralysis, are now getting green signals.
Sectors like infrastructure, power, energy, manufacturing, IT, ITES, retail, e-commerce, banking and non-profit sector would also see high demand.
A stable government at the Centre is likely to be a major trigger for robust growth in the job market in 2015 as there is likely to be faster passage of policies and legislations.
In addition, the emphasis of the government on the manufacturing sector is expected to create 100 million jobs in the next ten years in the manufacturing, mining and infrastructure sector.
  Moreover, initiatives like 'Make in India' would entail significant job creation in the manufacturing, automation sectors in the coming year. While, the plan to create 100 smart cities is expected to fuel job growth further.
According to Indian Staffing Federation, an apex body of staffing industry in India, the job growth is likely to touch 12 per cent fuelled by a growing market demand, while salaries can grow by 12-15 per cent in 2015.
Some sectors can see salary escalations in excess of even 30 per cent, ISF President Rituparna Chakraborty said.
The HR experts also said that the new year is expected to be a candidate-driven job market, when companies are likely to go out of their way to lute the perfect candidate.
"Organisations that will emphasise on non-monetised employee benefit programs with a focus to increase employee value proposition will have competitive edge to get key talent. In addition, hiring and retaining critical talent remains a challenge with companies trying to enhance pay for performance programs," said Sambhav Rakyan, Data Services practice leader, Asia Pacific at global professional services company Towers Watson.
Going by various employment indices, the Indian job market has shown an improvement on a month-on-month basis since the start of 2014 and this momentum is expected to continue in the coming year as well.
As per leading job portal Naukri.com, there has been a significant rise in hiring activity since the beginning 2014, while the momentum picked up significantly after May.

Can multiple celebrity endorsers help a brandDoes endorsement from multiple celebrities at the same time help a brand?
Ishani Duttagupta, ET Bureau Dec 14, 2014, 03.14AM IST
Tags:
Aishwarya Rai
(Though TAG Heuer currently…)
Recently, Swiss luxury watch brand TAG Heuer roped in Bollywood heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor as its brand ambassador. Nothing unusual about that, considering Ranbir endorses major brands such as Panasonic and Nissan; and TAG is known for opting for the best of Hollywood and Bollywood to back its label. To be sure, the brand has had stars from Steve McQueen and Uma Thurman to Leonardo DiCaprio and Brad Pitt.
Except that never has more than one film celebrity endorsed TAG at the same time. Currently, Cameron Diaz is the only actor on the brand's endorsement list — the rest are largely sportspersons, including Cristiano Ronaldo and Maria Sharapova. TAG annually changes its ambassadors, replacing older ones with fresher faces. For example, before Diaz came on board in 2012, Leonardo DiCaprio was the Hollywood face of TAG.
In Different Zone
India, though, may be an aberration — at least as things stand now — with two Bollywood superstars promoting the Swiss luxury label. Along with the 32-year-old Kapoor, there's also Shah Rukh Khan (SRK), now 49, who has been TAG's ambassador since 2003. The obvious question then: is the brand ambassadors' version of succession planning playing out at TAG in India? After all, it has happened in other categories; around five years back, Pepsi ended its decade-long associations with the likes of SRK and Sachin Tendulkar to bring on younger ambassadors. And, guess who led that youth brigade? Ranbir Kapoor!
TAG Heuer, for its part, denies that it is going down the same road. "Bringing the two biggest stars of Bollywood together is not just the first for our segment, it's also a first for us globally. As a company, it's in our DNA to break the rules and we wanted to bring together both the biggest names in Bollywood today — SRK and Ranbir Kapoor — to communicate our leadership," explains Puneet Sewra, marketing director, TAG Heuer.
Sewra adds that there are no plans to replace SRK, who has been a TAG brand ambassador for over a decade, with Ranbir, currently the hottest young gun of Bollywood. "Ranbir is not replacing SRK, and there's no clash between the two. Through Ranbir Kapoor, we are reaching out to young consumers in the 18-25 age bracket; in many ways both our brand ambassadors represent the same kind of values in their Bollywood career, of doing things differently and both have played anti-hero roles. It's about what differentiates the two of them and not about their age."
He also points out that the fact that India is the only country with two brand ambassadors from the film world points to the confidence TAG has in the Indian market. Brand gurus, however, are not as convinced, and find it difficult to concede that age has nothing to do with the brand appeal of a celebrity — even if the person in question is SRK.
"There are indeed very subliminal but robust ways of putting succession planning into place in the brand-endorsement space and it's a great thing to do really. In cases where the current brand ambassador was losing sheen in his/her space of work, be it cinema or cricket or whatever, a second and third face become a way of gradual succession planning," brand consultant Harish Bijoor told ET Magazine.
 
Happy Coexisting
And how does the new ambassador on the block himself see the situation? "I have grown up watching Mr Shah Rukh Khan's movies and his work has always inspired me. He was part of the TAG campaign for many years and it was so cool for me to wear a watch that he wears; and now to wear it with him is a dream come true," Ranbir Kapoor told ET Magazine in an exclusive interview while launching the brand's new campaign 'Don't Crack Under Pressure'.
Ranbir adds that he is careful when choosing brands to associate with and has often rejected offers. "Like my movies, my brands are my identity and people start identifying me with them. I will only become the face of those products that I use and love in my own life. It's important because the companies are talking to their target audience through me and I have to be sensitive to them."
Though TAG Heuer currently doesn't have any plans of featuring both its brand ambassadors together in any of its promos, Ranbir says he would love to be in the same frame with SRK. "It would be a dream come true — to do something with both TAG Heuer and Mr Khan. In fact, to work together in any capacity with him would be a dream come true." What's clear is that today SRK and Ranbir are pretty much at the top of the heap in terms of star value. US consultancy American Appraisal, which recently conducted India's first celebrity brand valuation study, found that amongst Bollywood stars only SRK and Ranbir have valuations north of $100 million.

Prime Property: Woman power in KarnatakaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Prime Property: Woman power in Karnataka
Karnataka State government is rolling out the red carpet to foster women entrepreneurship. CNBC-TV18's Poornima Murali has more details.
Post your opinion here

Norway Probes Spy Equipment Found in Central OsloThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

Rupee to be best Asian currency next year: HSBCRupee to be best Asian currency next year: HSBC
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 15, 2014  | 08:54 IST
Currency volatility will continue to plague Asian units as both global and local factors will exert pressure in 2015, but the rupee will be comparatively better off in the region, says HSBC.
Pegging the rupee at 62.5 to 63 to the US dollar next year, the leading brokerage said the domestic unit should only drift higher on the back of the fast weakening current account strains.
"Lower oil prices should mean a persistent improvement in the current account and inflation. The RBI is committed to lowering inflation expectations and now has the ability to curb excessive rupee weakness," HSBC's head of Asian forex research Paul Mackel said in the report.
"These factors could mean the rupee will be one of the more resilient currencies in Asia, although the RBI is wary of spot appreciation, given that its own REER measurement is showing signs of over-valuation and we see the rupee at 62.5 to 63 to the dollar in 2015," he said.
It has picked the rupee as the safest bet in the New Year amid soft growth and rising disinflationary pressures. It expects the rupee to be more resilient, as better terms of trade help bolster external balances via soft export volumes and commodity prices; and domestic growth can be supported by structural reforms and the ability to add leverage.
"This combination of global and local factors favours the rupee the most followed by the Indonesian rupiah and the Philippines peso...," the report said.
"In our view, the RBI's forex policy is still tilted towards exchange rate stability, particularly since it wants to move onto an inflation-targeting regime," Mr Mackel said.
The rupee had fallen to the lowest level of Rs. 68.80 against the dollar last year, but has recovered since then and among the more stable currencies.
He sees 2015 to be a tough year for most Asian currencies as a number of global and domestic factors will likely lead to meagre returns. He also sees every Asian currency weakening against the dollar as the US Fed's expected tightening cycle and further easing by the Bank of Japan and the ECB should create greater regional forex volatility.
"As fears of a currency war are likely to intensify we expect a number of Asian currencies to suffer due to their tight relationships with the yen and/or the euro," the report said.

Smartphone soon to track sleep disordersSmartphones may soon track sleep disorders
IANS     New York   Last Updated: December 15, 2014  | 11:36 IST
Researchers are working on a smartphone-based technology which can help track sleep disorders, like sleep apnea, much easier than visiting a doctor.
Using earbuds, equipped with an in-line microphone and an Apple iPhone, researchers from Florida State University and New Jersey-based Stevens Institute of Technology analysed participants' breathing habits during a six-month study.
When compared to a chest-worn respiration monitor, the smartphone-based device monitored participants' breathing to within half a breath per minute, the MIT Technology Review, a magazine published by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, reported.
The team tested the sensitivity of the microphone on the earbuds for recording breathing rate and also modified the earbuds to act as additional microphones.
While the breathing rate was measured most accurately when the earphone was worn or kept next to a participant's pillow and multiple microphones were used, the study also showed it worked well with just the unmodified earphones on a bedside table.
According to Yingying Chen, an associate professor at Stevens Institute of Technology, the team plans to release a smartphone app to study sleep disorders next year.
"Using the app would be an accurate and significantly cheaper method to track quality of sleep and could help identify sleep apnea and other potential health problems," the study's authors noted.
A paper on the technology is scheduled to be presented at the IEEE Infocom conference in April, 2015.

Gunman takes hostages in Sydney s Lindt cafe; Islamic flag put up on windowIndian coast guard intercepts Pakistan terror boat carrying explosives: Full text of Defence Ministry statement
An armed assailant was holding an unknown number of hostages inside a central Sydney cafe on Monday, police said, with local television showing some being forced to hold up a black flag with white Arabic writing in the window.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott, who has warned of militant plans to strike Australian targets, said there were indications the hostage situation at the Lindt Cafe was politically motivated.
“This is a very disturbing incident. I can understand the concerns and anxieties of the Australian people,” Abbott told reporters in Canberra, without providing any information on the unfolding siege.
Australia, a staunch ally of the United States and its escalating action against the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq, is on high alert for attacks by home-grown militants returning from fighting in the Middle East.
Police had not had any direct contact with the hostage taker, said Andrew Scipione, police commissioner for the state of New South Wales.
“We have moved to a footing that would be consistent with a terrorist event,” Scipione told reporters in Sydney.
 
 
A Lindt Australia executive said there were about 10 staff working at the cafe, Sky Business television reported. Chief Executive Steve Loane also said there were “probably 30 customers” in the cafe, according to Sky Business, although he stressed to another news outlet that he was guessing.
The hostage drama forced the evacuation of nearby buildings in Sydney’s central business district and sent shockwaves around a country where many people have started to turn their attention to the approaching Christmas festive season.
In September, Australian anti-terrorism police said they had thwarted an imminent threat to behead a random member of the public and days later, a teenager in Melbourne was shot dead after attacking two anti-terrorism officers with a knife.
EVACUATING BY LADDER
Dozens of heavily armed police surrounded the cafe in Martin Place around mid-morning. The area is home to the Reserve Bank of Australia, commercial banks and close to the New South Wales state parliament.
The cafe was directly opposite a commercial television studio and footage showed several people inside the cafe standing with their hands pressed against the windows.
Pictures showed a black and white flag similar to those used by Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria being held up by what appeared to be a staff member and another woman.
A couple of hundred people were being held back by cordons and a police SWAT team and the fire brigade’s hazardous unit were on the scene, a Reuters witness said.
Several hours into the siege, police led about two dozen people out of a building opposite the cafe and through the cordon. Others were evacuated from the building above the cafe by ladder, television pictures showed.
The Reserve Bank of Australia said staff had been locked down inside the building, and were all safe and accounted for.
The nearby U.S. consulate was also evacuated, according to an embassy spokeswoman, along with the Sydney Opera House. Tourists were being let back into the world-famous venue by early afternoon.
BANKS AND SHOPS CLOSE
Major banks closed their offices in the central business district and people were told to avoid the area. Shops in a four block radius were shut.
“If it was up to me, I would storm the building,” said John, a lawyer in his 50s who was evacuated from the building where the cafe was located. “I just feel angry about it.” He declined to give his full name.
Qantas Airways Ltd said planes were avoiding flying over the central business district but were landing as normal.
Traders in currency markets said the hostage news may have contributed to a dip in the Australian dollar, which was already under pressure from global risk aversion as oil prices fell anew. The local currency was pinned at $0.8227, having hit its lowest since mid-2010 last week.
The prime minister of Canada, which suffered an attack on its parliament by a suspected jihadist sympathizer in October, offered his support.
“Canada’s thoughts and prayers are with our Australian friends. #MartinPlace #SydneySiege” Stephen Harper said via social media.
Concerns about an attack in Australia by radical Islamists have been growing for more than a year, with the security agency raising its national terrorism public alert to “high” in September.
Security had recently been stepped up at the nation’s parliament, airports and at large scale public events.
 
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Priyanka Chopra gets eight million PC Maniacs on TwitterBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 14, 2014 4:42 pm | Updated: December 14, 2014 5:37 pm
Priyanka Chopra has crossed eight million followers on the micro-blogging site Twitter and is overwhelmed by the love of her fans, whom she calls PC Maniacs.
She tweeted:
I get so overwhelmed by the love you all give me..consistently,despite of my frailties.Thank you for the #8millionPCmaniacs .U r my strength
— PRIYANKA (@priyankachopra) December 13, 2014
The 32-year-old, who has described herself as “actor, recording artiste, dreamer and achiever” on Twitter, is also followed by stars like Amitabh Bachchan , Asha Bhosle, Sridevi and Madhuri Dixit.
Joined in January 2009, the ‘Mary Kom’ star uses the digital platform to connect with her fans, post updates about her projects, share quotes by popular people and share opinion on various subjects.

After Uber rape  Ola plans by women  for wo...After Uber rape in Delhi, Ola plans ‘by women, for women’ cabs
By Samidha Sharma, TNN | 15 Dec, 2014, 08.57AM IST
Ola currently has around 50-100 women drivers on its platform but to add up numbers of female drivers has held talks with non-profit organizations.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: In an attempt to address the mounting safety concerns of women riders across the country, Olacabs is in the process of launching a "by women, for women" line of taxis soon. This comes in the aftermath of the horrific rape of a young Delhi girl by an Uber driver leading to the ban of tech-backed taxi aggregators in some parts of the country.
Cab services with only women drivers including the likes of G cabs, Priyadarshini taxis and Viira cabs have been operational for the past few years but have struggled to scale up in size. While millions of dollars have been pumped in by investors like Japan's Softbank into new-age cab aggregators like Ola, the women-only cab companies have found it tough going due to lack of funding.
The Delhi rape which took place about a week ago gave rise to demands of having more woman-driven taxis across the country.
Ola currently has around 50-100 women drivers on its platform but to add up numbers of female drivers has held talks with non-profit organizations, sources said.
Delhi, Hyderabad and Karnataka have banned services of the San Francisco-based taxi-hailing smartphone app Uber along with other cab aggregators till they get their drivers, who possess tourist permits, thoroughly verified. The supply of drivers on the roads across cities for most of these tech-backed taxi players has come down dramatically during the past week.
Sources close to the development told TOI along with introducing a new category of woman-driven cabs , the Bengaluru-based Ola was also in the midst of verifying details of its 50,000 drivers using Aadhaar biometric recognition along with the Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIDAI ).
When contacted by TOI, an Ola spokesperson offered no comments on the launch of the new category catering specifically to women commuters. However, a company spokesperson said, " We are pro-actively getting GPS devices fitted in every car in addition to the phone based GPS device we already have. We have also initiated thorough background verification checks for every driver on the platform and are working with local police authorities to complete this very soon."

IS Twitter handler remanded to police custodyYou are here: Home > Collections
IS Twitter account handler Mehdi Masroor Biswas remanded to 5 days police custody
PTI Dec 14, 2014, 01.44PM IST
("Bengaluru CCB Police…)
BENGALURU: The alleged handler of the most influential pro-Islamic State (IS) Twitter account Mehdi Masroor Biswas has been remanded to five-day police custody.
"Bengaluru CCB Police has got five days police remand of Mehdi Masroor Biswas. He was presented before the Magistrate last night," DCP Crime Abhishek Goyal said.
Police had yesterday said that 24-year-old Biswas has "confessed" that he was handling the pro-jihad tweeter "@ShamiWitness" that became a source of incitement and information for new ISIS recruits.
He has been arrested under Sec 125 of IPC (whoever wages war against the Government of any Asiatic power in alliance or at peace with the Government of India or attempts to wage such war, or abets the waging of such war), Sections 18 and 39 of Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and Section 66 of the Information Technology act, they had said.
Meanwhile, Goyal has received a threat message in reply to his tweet about the arrest of Biswas.
"@goyal_abhei we will not leave our brothers in your hand Revenge is coming wait for our reaction," reads a reply from twitter handle @abouanfal6.
Responding to the threat, Goyal said he is not taking it much seriously.
"Personally I'm not taking the threat much seriously.... taking it in stride and not much alarmed," he said.
On the basis of "credible" intelligence inputs received on the presence of ISIS Twitter Ideologue @ShamiWitness in Bengaluru, the city police chief had formed a special team, which closed in on Biswas and arrested him from a rented one room apartment yesterday.
Bengaluru Police had launched a manhunt for Mehdi after Britain's Channel 4 News had aired the report regarding the country's IT capital's link with the Twitter account that is followed by foreign jihadis.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cops threatened after pro-IS Twitter account handler Mehdi s arrestCops threatened after Mehdi Masroor Biswas' arrest
Agencies  Bengaluru, December 15, 2014
First Published: 02:43 IST(15/12/2014) | Last Updated: 10:59 IST(15/12/2014)
A court in Bengaluru has remanded a young engineer behind a popular pro-Islamic State (IS) Twitter account into five-day police custody.
Screen grab of the now deactivated @shamiwitness Twitter account.
"Bengaluru CCB Police have got five days police remand (till December 18) of Mehdi Masroor Biswas. He was presented before the magistrate last (Saturday) night," deputy commissioner of police (crime) Abhishek Goyal said.
Meanwhile, there were reports that police received a few threat calls following Biswas's arrest on Saturday.
A tweet from an unknown Twitter account (@abouanfal6) threatened Goyal of revenge.
@goyal_abhei we will not leave our brothers in your hand Revenge is coming wait for our reaction
— abouanfal almaghribi (@abouanfal6) December 13, 2014
Goyal said he had forwarded the tweet to the cyber crimes wing of the crime branch for tracing its origin and the handler behind it.
"I have informed my senior officers about the threat message, though I am not giving much importance or taking it seriously," he said.
Britain's Channel4 revealed Wednesday night Biswas as the man behind the Twitter handle @ShamiWitness that was described as a "leading conduit of information between jihadis, supporters and recruits" with 2 million views each month.
A police team raided Biswas' one-room apartment in the northern suburb early Saturday and arrested him.
The mobile phone - the one that he apparently used to tweet thousands of jihadi posts to his 17,000 followers on Twitter - was confiscated along with a laptop and other documents for evidence.
After preliminary investigations, police had said 24-year-old Mehdi, a resident of a Kolkata suburb who is working with ITC in Bengaluru, probably didn't have any direct links with the Sunni terror group which controls swathes of Syria and Iraq and aims to create an Islamic caliphate.
Police have registered a case against Biswas under sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC), the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and the Information Technology (IT) Act.
"We are quizzing him on his virtual and actual relations with the terror group and checking his antecedents, including mobile calls, e-mails, chat sessions and postings in the social media like Facebook, blogs and Twitter," additional director general of police Hemant Nimbalkar told reporters.
Investigators are looking into "every possible" connection between Biswas and the IS, he added.
Probe has revealed Biswas was a propagandist of IS ideology and "has been instrumental in influencing minds against our friendly nations against whom IS is at war".
Nimbalkar said the investigation team was also looking into presence of any of the domestic connect or sleeper cell in India. "The follower network is being studied."
(with PTI and IANS inputs)

Course correction at Ashok LeylandRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
SLOWING economic growth over the last few years has impacted the fortunes of commercial vehicle (CV) manufacturers, forcing them to re-think their strategy. One such CV maker, Ashok Leyland, has used its experience of recent challenges to insulate itself against similar headwinds in the future, even as it strives to pare debt.
While monetisation of non-core assets is a big part of Ashok Leyland’s plans to repay debt, the flagship firm of the Hinduja Group has also taken key business decisions to revive its sales and earnings. Some of these measures have included new product launches and doing away with discounts, increasing focus on exports and the defence business, and improving operational efficiency.
The Chennai-based manufacturer of trucks and buses has sold non-core assets and cut working capital needs  to pare its net debt to Rs 4,200 crore as on September 30, down from a peak of Rs 6,600 crore in August 2013. Some of the cost cutting measures included reducing manpower and inventory levels.
Its debt to equity ratio has improved to 1.1 from a high of 2.2 in FY14, and it is looking at a further debt reduction of around Rs 400 crore by the end of FY15.
Some of the assets Ashok Leyland has put on the block include its international business, Albonair GmbH,  along with the German firm’s India unit, and Avia Ashok Leyland Motors, the Czech manufacturer of trucks it had acquired in 2006. It has already appointed a merchant banker to carry out the sales of these businesses and hopes to conclude these transactions by the end of the current fiscal. In November, Ashok Leyland announced the sale of its 38% stake in IT arm Hinduja Tech to Nissan International Holdings, an investment arm of Japanese carmaker Nissan, for an undisclosed sum. It also sold immovable assets and some long-term investments to garner around R600 crore.
“Today, Ashok Leyland has a much lower breakeven point than it did in the past. It can make profits even if sales are lower,” Vinod K Dasari, Ashok Leyland’s managing director, told FE. “With the initiatives taken over the last one-and-a-half years, the company is ready to exploit opportunities when the market revives, and yet remain healthy if the market turns more volatile.”
Dasari says that the company’s  leaner production model has led to Rs 750 croresavings in working capital needs.
Despite the turbulence in the CV market, it has launched new trucks such as Boss, Captain and Partner with different tonnage capacities. It also launched new trailers and tippers in the medium and heavy duty segments, and two new buses called MiTR and Janbus. But there are worries, especially for light commercial vehicles (LCV) such as Dost and the construction equipment areas, along with a couple of its passenger vehicles—Stile and Evalia—made in collaboration with Nissan. “We need to work out our strategy in these areas,” said Dasari.
Still, a revival in the medium and heavy vehicles segment, coupled with the number of offerings at different tonnage levels, has helped Ashok Leyland return to profitability in the July-September quarter.
Total sales grew 27% and it managed to improve its Ebitda (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation) margin from 4.7% in the April-June period to 7.28% in the September quarter.
Dasari said that Ashok Leyland had also grown its market share at the end of the September quarter to 27.1%, as compared to the 25% share year earlier, due to “a wider sales network and better coverage across the country”. “While the industry grew at 8.5% in the July-September period, we grew at 10.5%,” Dasari said.
By R Ravichandran
Post Comments
More from companies

TCS hits four-month low as currency impact to hurt Q3 dollar revenueTCS hits four-month low as currency impact to hurt Q3 dollar revenue
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 15, 2014 09:39 AM IST
Shares in Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) has dipped nearly 4% to Rs 2,355, its lowest level since July 21, 2014 on NSE, the company in an investor update has communicated for a weak revenue growth for the December quarter, arising from seasonality and pressure in its banking, financial services and insurance (BFSI) business.
TCS expects its revenue for the financial year’s third quarter ending December 31 (3QFY15) to be in line with seasonal trends. Traditionally, the third and fourth quarters are weak for information technology companies in terms of growth, due to holidays and furloughs.
It said growth in Europe revenues would be better than the company’s average, though UK was expected to be weak.
On the impact of currency, the company is expecting a slight uptick in realizations and a 10-20 basis points positive impact due to dollar strengthening. However, it expects a negative 220 basis point impact due to cross currency headwinds.
However, the company maintained its EBIT margin guidance of 26-28 %.
Analyst at Angel Broking expect the company to post a around 4% qoq US$ growth during 3QFY2015 and 4QFY2015 respectively and maintain our buy with a price target of Rs 2833.
“We continue to remain positive on TCS and believe that the current weakness in the stock is a good opportunity to buy for an investment horizon of 12 months. We maintain our Buy rating on the stock with a price target of Rs 3,100,” said analyst at Sharekhan in a client note.
 

Tony Abbott calls for calm amid Sydney hostage situationTony Abbott calls for calm amid Sydney hostage situation
IANS | Canberra Dec 15, 2014 09:26 AM IST
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott called for calm after a gunman took up to 12 hostages in Sydney's city center Monday morning.
"New South Wales (NSW) Police and the Australian Federal Police are currently responding to a reported hostage taking incident in Martin Place in Sydney," Xinhua quoted Abbott as saying.
"I have spoken with NSW Premier Mike Baird and offered him all possible Commonwealth support and assistance."
"The National Security Committee of the Cabinet has also convened for briefings on the situation," said the prime minister.
"This is obviously a deeply concerning incident, but all Australians should be reassured that our law enforcement and security agencies are well trained and equipped and are responding in a thorough and professional manner," he added.
Abbott also confirmed that the federal government would provide further updates as further information becomes available.

Indian firms  checkers need to do moreIndian firms, checkers need to do more'
Digbijay Mishra | New Delhi Dec 15, 2014 12:49 AM IST
Last year around this time, India-made medicines were losing sheen the world over, due to constant alerts from international drug regulators.
The situation remains quite the same. Indian generic drug makers continue to make headlines for all the wrong reasons. Against that backdrop, the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI), is struggling to ensure quality in the domestic market.
Faced with criticism on many fronts, DGCI feels India is still not equipped to match the standards practised in the US, the world's largest drug market. Incidents such as the Chhattisgarh sterilisation tragedy, followed by the Punjab eye cataract mishap, have added to the worsening view of Indian health care.
The American drug regulator's India team was at the DCGI office in the capital last Thursday, to discuss issues concerning domestic drug companies.
"There are issues but we (DCGI) have to work with them (American regulators) to improve the situation. We have communicated this to them and our first priority is safety and wellness of patients," Drug Controller General G N Singh said.
He said the situation has to be viewed from an Indian perspective, rather than a direct comparison with developed markets. "Regarding GMP (good manufacturing practices), we have told states to strengthen practices to ensure safety of patients. Some of the 'Bimaru' states (a term for undivided UP, MP, Bihar and Rajasthan) have to step up but there are others like Maharashtra  and Gujarat which are doing a better job," he said.
It should, however, be also noted that several drug makers' units in Maharasthra and Gujarat have continuously received warnings and import ban orders from the American regulator, the Food & Drug Administration (FDA).
Indian drug makers were again under the spotlight recently after a Bloomberg report surfaced, claiming a top pharmaceutical company had deleted its test lab data to pass the FDA tests. Indian drug makers continue to come out with statements claiming continuous coordination with the American regulator. While the FDA tightening its stand on generic drug makers, Indian stakeholders feel adequate resources are lacking to improve GMP in India. "It's a challenge to meet international standards. The number of officer under Indian regulators are also less, compared to foreign counterparts," said V K Subburaj, the government's secretary for pharmaceuticals, at a conference on Friday. The Indian regulator has 1,200-1,500 officers; the FDA has close to 13,000. Experts believe 20,000 officers would be required to adequately inspect all drug facilities. India has a little over 10,000 manufacturing units for drugs.  
When asked on the action regarding Ranbaxy Laboratories, whose India factories are all now barred from  exporting to the US market, Singh said, "We have worked with them silently and they have improved."
Experts say the Indian regulator has been late to crack the whip  on domestic companies for compromises in manufacturing practices.

We should have a 100 basis point cut in interest rates: Ajay S ShriramWe should have a 100 basis point cut in interest rates: Ajay S Shriram
Indivjal Dhasmana |  Dec 15, 2014 12:49 AM IST
Ajay S Shriram, the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) president, downplays reports of India Inc disillusionment with the Narendra Modi government. He tells Indivjal Dhasmana the ball is now in the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI's) court to lift up demand. Edited excerpts:
We are talking as manufacturing output is foun d to have plunged 7.6 per cent in October. Are you disillusioned with the Narendra Modi government, which completed six months in office in November?
Not at all. I don't know why there is a feeling that in six months, measures have not been taken. The one question that baffles me is that a lot of people say big-bang reforms have not happened. What is big-bang? Our view in the chamber is very clear - we can't remember any government taking so many steps and initiatives in the first six months as this government has. Look at any front - industry, social, agriculture - and they have taken steps. You look at diesel de-control, foreign direct investment liberalisation, Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana. How can one say nothing has happened?
There were reports that industrialists expressed disillusionment with the Modi government at a recent CII meeting you had chaired. What did exactly happen?
The meeting was very positive. Everyone generally felt there was no industry that had not been affected positively by what happened in the past six months. The sense of positivity came from the actions taken, as well as the leadership. We have a prime minister who was a successful chief minister. Decision-making is fast. So, a couple of people raising the issue that something more is to be done does not mean that measures are not being taken.
The kind of reform measures, say on the labour front, that CII has been suggesting and the ones initiated by the Rajasthan government have not come from the Centre.
You have a democracy. In the past 60 years, what labour reforms have happened?  At least, this is happening now. They are moving ahead to make changes in a sensitive area. They have proposed changes in three Acts, including the Apprenticeship Act. Everyone knows it can't happen in a day because of the number of people involved, their expectations. We feel it is better to move things gradually and get things done, than do something radically and then go back.
The recent data on manufacturing did not reflect that government policies are in the right direction. Do you think it is an aberration or has demand has crashed so much that even the festival season could not boost it?
The past few years have been very tough. From sub-five per cent economic growth, we have come to 5.5 per cent in the first half of the current financial year. Second, what we need to fix is demand-side growth. It is here that a good interest rate cut by RBI, especially when inflation is under control and the government has resolved to rein in the fiscal deficit, will give a push to demand and a chain reaction to move things faster.
Do you think only a 25 to 50-basis-point cut in the policy rate would make such a big difference?
We should have a one-percentage-point cut in interest rates. We should send a message now - our deficit is under control, inflation is under control. Let us kick-start the economy.
What about the upside risks to inflation that RBI is worried about?
Risks are always there. We cannot run the economy by sitting back and not setting things right. One has to move ahead and then take corrective steps when risks emerge.
At this point, what reform measures are you looking up to the government to take?
We have been suggesting to get implementation of pending projects on the ground. Besides, the government should look at amendments to the Land Acquisition Act. It takes at least 56 months to acquire land, in the current scheme of things.
In his recent lecture, RBI governor Raghuram Rajan suggested that the 'Make in India' programme should be largely 'Make for India' and not include only manufacturing. Your take?
When you make in India, you make for all markets, domestic and international. We support the Make in India proposal for all markets. We support economic activities across the board. There are about 25 programmes in Make in India; only 12 or 13 of these are in manufacturing. Programmes such as leisure, wellness, tourism are all services.
CII has time and again talked of the GST (national goods and services tax) as a measure which would push up economic growth. A sub-committee of the empowered committee of state finance ministers came out with a combined GST rate - Centre's and states' -- at around 27 per cent. Is this what you'd suggested?
We feel whatever figure they come out is okay; they are yet to give a go-ahead to these rates. At least, a new system will start on a clean slate. This is really good for the economy. The important point of a GST coming is that we will become a common market. With a GST, the base will increase, the revenue will increase, transaction costs will come down byfour to six per cent. We are not worried on the rate front.
CII has been demanding the exempting of Special Economic Zones from the Minimum Alternate Tax. The RBI governor recently talked against this kind of export-led growth.
As long as we are continuing with different types of taxes, subsidies and allowances, we feel having exemptions to SEZs from MAT is a good idea. When there is a total overhaul  of the tax system in general, then revisit the whole thing. Then, it's okay.
That was the whole idea of the Direct Taxes Code (DTC).
It's not a good thing to leave all other issues on DTC and stick to only this. We had suggested some changes in DTC. We stand for a simple tax structure, without exemptions and low rates. This was the concept in the first DTC but it went through so many alterations after that. Eventually, what came out was neither simple nor was it bringing down the tax rates.
Since the (Union) Budget is coming, GAAR (general anti-avoidance rules, for taxes) originally in DTC, is proposed to be implemented from the next financial year. What is your suggestion to the government?
We feel GAAR should be deferred for some time, until our whole system becomes more transparent, easier, our transparency from the information technology network the government is putting in is more established.

We expect complete clarity  decisive actions on retrospective taxation: Patricia HewittWe expect complete clarity, decisive actions on retrospective taxation: Patricia Hewitt
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Dec 15, 2014 12:46 AM IST
British and global investors feel retrospective taxation is not the only issue in India. The difficulty of importing, including food-labelling issues, corruption, labour laws and policy and regulatory uncertainties will have to be addressed quickly by the Narendra Modi-led government. In an interview with Sanjay Jog, Patricia Hewitt, chair, UK India Business Council (UKIBC) and former UK minister, in Mumbai to inaugurate a UKIBC office, spoke on a number of government initiatives and investment sentiments. Edited excerpts:
What is your view on a number of initiatives by the Modi-led government to attract investments?
The election of the Narendra Modi-led government has itself a very positive impact on business sentiments in India, the UK and around the world. That has already contributed in improving the growth picture and confidence in India’s prospects. That is very welcome. ‘Make in India’ is a wonderful signal. It is an ambitious vision and the programme is designed to build manufacturing capabilities to create development and jobs. There are welcome steps of ease of doing business especially reducing the number of permits needed and bringing in the, much-needed transparency.
I clearly see ‘Make in India’ is a wonderful platform. I see sector after sector, in which British and India are natural partners. Advanced manufacturing  and engineering , aerospace and defence where we can see considerable growth. This apart, there is whole development of of education  and vocational skills and training. Further, development of smart cities is hugely exciting. We have got a number of  of companies which were involved in the development of  new cities, towns and regenerating heritage cities and old industrial areas.
Besides, there is a huge potential of investors from both countries to invest in Bollywood, graphic designs, digital effects.
Health care is another sector. There is a great deal to learn from each other. Moreover, both India and Uk and partner in energy, renewable energy especially wind and tidal energy.
However, the government has yet to decide the fate of retrospective taxation. Is it hampering investments?
Finance Minister Arun Jaitely’s statement on retrospective taxation has been welcome but there is much more needed. We certainly hope that the Budget next year will be Modi government's first real Budget.  We hope, in that Budget, if not before, there will be decisive action and complete clarity on  the issue of retrospective taxation. It has damaged individual companies and that is not good. But the real damage has been done to India itself because of the weakening of investor confidence. Both Indian investors and British and foreign investors feel that India remains a very uncertain environment because of retrospective taxation if not finally settled.
What are other roadblocks the government  need to remove to attract investments in India?
Retrospective  taxation is not the only issue that investors are considering when they decide whether or not to invest in India but it is a big issue. You add to that issues of difficulty of importing, including food-labelling issue, some of the corruption issues although there have been welcome signals from Modi himself.  
All of these issues make India a more difficult  place to invest than India wants today.  If India is going to achieve its potential and vision of Make in India and create hundreds of millions of good quality jobs, labour laws need to be reformed.
It is one of the issues that comes out when businesses want to expand. However, Prime Minister Modi's approach of allowing states to take a lead and decide on labour laws is important for India's development. We are not going to sit here and  rewrite or dictate India about labour laws. However, there is a need to modernize labour laws in order to create good jobs this has been lesson in EU as well.
As far as environment  laws are concerned, they are quite essential for sustainable development but do not throttle or destroy industry and prospective jobs. Infact, good environment protection and industrial jobs should go hand in hand.
What is your opinion on policy and regulatory challenges faced by the investors in India?
Policy and regulatory uncertainties are one of the big challenges that is faced not just at the Centre but across state governments in India. It is very significant that Modi has been a successful chief minister and has brought all chief ministers together to reshape relations between the states and Centre. Modi knows that India's future depends on good governance and leadership in the states and in Delhi, as the Centre  cannot do on its own. There is no doubt that some businesses and investors who have money to invest are hesitating because of these  difficult issues. It’s been seven months since Modi government was elected. Direction of travel is very clear.  I think this is time to look India afresh particularly when growth in rest of the world is slowing down. India is a bright spot in the global economy.

Finance Investment Manager£55k - £60k per annum + 30% bonus
Further information
Fantastic commercial finance business partnering role with a growing FTSE 100 multi-site business investing heavily in its estate.
Business partnering the Property and Business Development teams, you will manage the investment process for c.£230m capital per annum. Providing robust analysis with appropriate recommendations to influence and challenge senior stakeholders.
We are looking for a Qualified CIMA / ACA / ACCA with a minimum PQE, operating in a commercial analytical role influencing key capital investment decisions.
It's essential you bring strong excel financial modelling skills and experience working on high profile projects using Investment Methodology and financial appraisal metrics (e.g., NPV,IRR).
Personality and gravitas are also key as you be expected to present succinctly to senior (Board) level stakeholders.
The role includes line management of 2 Analysts and 1 Admin Manager - managing, developing and supporting. This is a potential succession role to a Divisional Investment and Property Finance Manager role.
To lead the improvement of the investment model ensuring it accurately reflects the latest commercial assumptions such as investment costs, operating costs and revenues, and best practice investment appraisal metrics.
Develop insight around estate management, and return on capital across WHR to inform future decisions and strategy. This includes managing the 'Post Completion Review' process and identifying key opportunities and risks to drive action.
Ensure complexity and commercial impact of different investment and funding strategies are understood and effectively communicated.
Key Responsibilities:
Lead the financial appraisal for new concepts or products ensuring all investment decisions are overlaid into future business plans and forecasts, with clear understanding of the impact to profit, returns, and cash-flow.
Ensure rigorous appraisal and challenge is provided ahead of and during the planning meeting to all new site and extension proposals, with proper framing of decisions.
Communicate complex investment strategies (e.g. freehold vs leasehold) to key stakeholders
Ownership and delivery of financial modelling of strategic growth plans for business planning and budgeting.
Improve analysis and insight around estate management to ensure investment & divestment decisions are robust, and identify opportunities and risks to maximise returns
Develop financial appraisal models for new concepts
Work with stakeholders to ensure appropriate actions are taken for new sites in the early months after opening
Drive stakeholder engagement through the budget process for capital and new sites profit, ensuring robust assumptions and modelling
The Investment Meeting and Property Board attendees understand on a timely basis the performance of all new openings, and ensure learnings are incorporated into all new recommendations and decisions
Using strong relationships with the external Quantity Surveyors (QS) and the fixed assets teams you will ensure the teams complete regular reviews and reconciliations of all major projects
Investigo
Investigo provides permanent, temporary and contract recruitment solutions to blue chip companies and SME’s across the UK and Internationally.
Options

BOJ survey shows Japan business mood fragileBOJ survey shows Japan business mood fragile, highlights Abe's challenges
Reuters Dec 15, 2014, 10.13AM IST
Tags:
Abenomics
(Abe's landslide election…)
TOKYO: Japanese business confidence barely improved in the fourth quarter and is seen worsening, giving premier Shinzo Abe a grim reminder of the challenges he faces in reviving a recession-hit economy a day after his big win in Sunday's vote.
While corporate capital spending was strong, the Bank of Japan's quarterly "tankan" survey on Monday also underscored prevailing doubts among businesses about Abe's strategy to spark durable economic growth.
"With the election out of the way, Abe must shift his policies from those simply aimed at boosting sentiment to those that can actually change the way companies act. Otherwise, the benefits of Abenomics won't trickle down," said Kyohei Morita, chief Japan economist at Barclays Capital.
Abe's landslide election win gives him a fresh mandate to pursue his 'Abenomics' policies comprising massive monetary and fiscal expansion, and structural reforms.
The prime minister's strategy to end 15 years of deflation and drive sustainable growth has had only modest success so far, driving the stock market higher and boosting profits of exporters on the back of a weak yen.
However, the much-anticipated virtuous circle of higher capital investment, rising wages, domestic demand and robust growth has yet to fully materialise.
Monday's tankan embodied this slow progress, as companies retained their solid capital expenditure plans and complained of labour shortages. But sentiment among big manufacturers worsened slightly and improved only modestly among service-sector firms despite sharp rises in equities and the yen's steep falls.
With the BOJ already pumping money aggressively and the country's dire financial straits leaving it with little room for additional spending, Abe's challenge is to push through reforms to boost Japan's growth potential, analysts say.
The economy unexpectedly slipped into a recession in the third quarter, largely due to the hit to consumption from a sales tax hike in April. Since then, the signs of recovery have been mixed with exports rebounding but consumer mood slumping.
GLIMMER OF HOPE
The headline index measuring big manufacturers' sentiment fell one point from three months ago to plus 12, worse than a median market forecast of plus 13, the tankan showed.
Both manufacturers and non-manufacturers expect conditions to worsen ahead, highlighting the patchy recovery.
While the weak yen benefitted exporters, it hurt other firms through rising import costs.
Policymakers hope that big manufacturers, which saw profits boom thanks to the weak yen and sliding oil prices, will spend more on wages and capital expenditure.
The tankan showed big companies plan to increase capital expenditure by 8.9 percent in the fiscal year ending in March 2015, more than a median forecast of a 8.0 percent rise.
Such positive signs will give the BOJ some breathing space after having expanded its massive stimulus programme in October.
The BOJ is likely to offer a more upbeat view of the economy and keep monetary policy steady this week on tentative signs of recovery, sources have told Reuters.
"Capital expenditure plans are healthy and sentiment at non-manufacturers is improving, which suggests the economy can continue to recover gradually," said Hidenobu Tokuda, senior economist at Mizuho Research Institute .
FEATURED ARTICLES

3 Hostages Flee Sydney Chocolate Shop; Situation Ongoing"The first thing we will do is make sure they are OK and then we will work with these people to find out some more information,” Burn said. “Our No. 1 aim is to resolve this incident peacefully."
Police negotiators are in contact with the armed hostage-taker, but the motive remains unclear, Burn said.
Earlier in the day, video emerged showing people being held inside the shop with their hands held in the air. Two women were also seen inside the cafe holding up what appeared to be a black flag with white Arabic writing on it.
New South Wales Police Commissioner Andrew Scipione said there is at least one armed person holding an undisclosed number of hostages in the cafe. Police have not yet had contact with the hostage taker, he said, adding that the situation began Monday at 9:45 a.m. local time.
In a statement on Facebook, Lindt said, "We would like to thank everyone for their thoughts and kind support over the current situation at the Lindt Chocolate Café at Martin Place. We are deeply concerned over this serious incident and our thoughts and prayers are with the staff and customers involved and all their friends and families. The matter is being dealt with by the authorities and we are waiting for any updates from them."
Daniel Munoz/Fairfax Media via Getty Images
PHOTO: Police officers chat on the scene of the siege at Lindt Cafe in Martin Place on Dec. 15, 2014 in Sydney, Australia.
They are also looking at the flag the hostages have been pictured holding. Scipione also said police have not yet confirmed it is a terrorism event, but they are acting in a manner consistent with a terror attack.
"We don't yet know the motivation of the perpetrator," Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said at a news conference earlier in the day.
"We don't know that this is politically motivated although there is some indications that it could be. We have to appreciate that even in a society such as ours, there are people who would wish to do us harm."
Don Arnold/Getty Images
PHOTO: Girls rush through Philip Street past armed police at a cafe on Dec. 15, 2014 in Sydney, Australia.
Several nearby offices were evacuated as a precaution, police said. People in buildings in the neighboring streets were directed to remain indoors and stay away from open windows.
"There's a real sense of alertness, awareness, and a bit of shock to be honest," said Lisa Martin, who works in an office nearby the cafe and was in lockdown.
"To know that there are so many people just having coffee and a chocolate are now in a hostage situation is really sobering."
Peter Parks/AFP/Getty Images
PHOTO: Armed police are seen outside a cafe in the central business district of Sydney on Dec. 15, 2014.
Earlier, video that aired on Channel 9 Australia showed police with weapons drawn, their attention focused on the cafe. Police said emergency services had responded and streets around the area had been closed.
"New South Wales Police and the Australian Federal Police are currently responding to a reported hostage-taking incident in Martin Place in Sydney," Abbott said.
He said the National Security Committee of Cabinet has convened for briefings on the situation.
"This is obviously a deeply concerning incident but all Australians should be reassured that our law enforcement and security agencies are well trained and equipped and are responding in a thorough and professional manner," he said.
Get real-time updates as this story unfolds. To start, just "star" this story in ABC News' phone app. Download ABC News for iPhone here or ABC News for Android here . To be notified about our live weekend digital reports, tap here.
Join the Discussion

IS gunman takes several people hostage at caf in SydneyFears of jihadist attack as hostages held in Sydney cafe
Reuters/PTI
PHOTOS VIDEO
A hostage runs towards a police officer outside Lindt cafe, where other hostages are being held, in Martin Place in central Sydney December 15, 2014. Two more hostages have run out of the cafe at the center of a siege in Sydney, Australia's largest city, according to a Reuters witness at the site. The two women were both wearing aprons indicating they were staff at the Lindt cafe where a gunman has been holding an unknown number of hostages for several hours. Three men had earlier run out of the cafe. REUTERS/Jason Reed
Hands are pressed up against the window of the Lindt cafe, where hostages are being held, in this still image taken from video from Australia's Seven Network on December 15, 2014. Reuters/Reuters TV via Seven Network/Courtesy Seven Network
Armed police take up position near Lindt cafe in Sydney's Martin Place, where hostages are being held, in this still image taken from video from Australia's Seven Network on December 15, 2014. Dozens of hostages were trapped inside the central Sydney cafe on Monday, with local television showing some being forced to hold up a black flag with white Arabic writing in the window, raising fears of an attack linked to Islamic militants. Reuters/Reuters TV via Seven Network/Courtesy Seven Network
A black flag with white Arabic writing is held up at the window of the Lindt cafe, where hostages are being held, in this still image taken from video from Australia's Seven Network on December 15, 2014. Dozens of hostages were trapped inside the central Sydney cafe on Monday, with local television showing some being forced to hold up a black flag with white Arabic writing in the window, raising fears of an attack linked to Islamic militants. REUTERS/Reuters TV via Seven Network/Courtesy Seven Network
A woman is assisted as a group of people are evacuated by police from a building next to Lindt cafe in Martin Place, where hostages are being held, in central Sydney. Photo: Reuters
Security alert in Australia, important buildings evacuated including Indian, US missions
Sydney, Dec 15:  
Several people, including an Indian techie, were taken hostage by an armed man at a popular cafe in Sydney and forced to display an Islamic flag, triggering a security alert in Australia and leading to evacuation of key buildings, including the Indian Consulate here.
At a glance
* Australian police monitoring social media reports of gunman demands
* Infosys employee among hostages
* Hostage drama has been under way for several hours
* Police say one armed assailant involved
* Indications incident is politically motivated - PM Abbott
* Australia on high alert
The incident happened at the Lindt Chocolate Cafe in Martin Place, the heart of Sydney’s business district.
Authorities sealed off surrounding streets, evacuated people from buildings, and suspended rail services following the siege in the capital of New South Wales (NSW).
NSW Police have activated Task Force Pioneer, which they use in terrorism related incidents, to handle the pre-Christmas incident.
The gunman is being described as being in his forties, wearing a black vest. Police said they are in contact with the gunman.
NSW Deputy Police Commissioner Catherine Burn confirmed that the situation was now a “negotiation” and the police intend to pursue it “peacefully.
Deputy Commissioner Burn: "Negotiators remain on scene. Investigators are trying to work out the offender's motivations." #MartinPlace
— NSW Police (@nswpolice) December 15, 2014
“There is speculation about what he might want but we have to deal with him at the level of police negotiation,” Burn says.
“We are monitoring all forms of communication, whether it is Facebook or Twitter, for any bit of information that might assist,” she said.
Burn requested that if anyone has information about the situation, no matter how small, they should offer it to police.
Sydney’s Muslim community condemned the incident and said they were horrified by the cafe siege.
Martin Place — a public pedestrian thoroughfare through the heart of Australia’s biggest city, joining its parliamentary, legal and retail districts — Sydney Opera House, State Library, US consulate and all court houses here have been evacuated.
Andrew Scipione, the commissioner of the New South Wales police, said at a news briefing that an unknown number of hostages were being held in the cafe by at least one gunman.
“We will continue this investigation, we will get to the bottom of it and at this stage, all I can assure you, we are doing absolutely all we can and we will do even more to guarantee the safe release of these people,” Scipione said.
Scipione said at this stage police were treated it as a hostage situation but were “on a footing consistent with a terrorist act“.
“Clearly reprisal attacks are something that should not happen,” he said.
Infosys employee among hostages
Bengaluru—headquartered Infosys said one of its employees is among the hostages at the cafe.
“We can confirm that one Infosys employee is among the hostages at the Lindt Cafe in Sydney,” the company said in a statement without naming the person.
“We are also in the process of confirming the whereabouts of all our other employees in the city. We are in constant touch with the local authorities and Indian Consulate in Sydney for updates on the situation on ground,” Infosys said.
1/3 The National Security Committee has been briefed by @mikebairdMP and NSW Police Commissioner Scipione on the situation in #MartinPlace
— Tony Abbott (@TonyAbbottMHR) December 15, 2014
2/3 I'm proud of the way police and security bodies have responded to the disturbing events today.
— Tony Abbott (@TonyAbbottMHR) December 15, 2014
3/3 It’s been a difficult day, which has tested us, but like Australians in all sorts of situations, we have risen to the challenge.
— Tony Abbott (@TonyAbbottMHR) December 15, 2014
Five hostages run out
Just over five hours into the siege, five people, including a woman, were seen running out of the cafe. Two came out through the front door and one through the fire escape. It is still not known whether they were freed or escaped.
Television footage showed people inside the cafe with their hands pressed against the window holding the black flag with Arabic script known as Shahadah, a prayer spoken in mosques daily. The flag displayed was not one specific to the Islamic State, reports said.
The government said there was no clear motivation but the flag appeared to be one commonly used by jihadist groups.
“There is no God but Allah; Mohammed is his messenger” was written on the black flag.
New South Wales Premier Mike Baird said the safety of the people was the priority of the government and the best negotiators in the world were on the job.
He asked people in Sydney to go about their days as usual tomorrow, though an exclusion zone will be in place around Martin Place.
Indian Consulate shut
Indian Consulate in Sydney has been locked down and evacuated as a security measure following the incident.
Talking to PTI, Sydney Consul General Sunjay Sudhir said: “Because of security concerns we locked down our office at 12:00 pm and asked all our officers to go to places of safety.”
“Sydney Indian Consulate is 400 metres away from the Lindt cafe,” Sudhir said adding the Central Business District is the area where many Indian establishments, including the SBI, Bank of Baroda and India Tourism office are located.
In New Delhi, Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said Indian consulate in Sydney is in touch with local authorities and all the staffers in the consulate are safe.
“Our consulate is in touch with local authorities. The External Affairs Minister has spoken to the High Commissioner in Canberra who is in touch with local organisations,” Akbaruddin said.
Abbott convenes security meet
Prime Minister Tony Abbott convened a national security meeting to deal with the disturbing event.
“This is obviously a deeply concerning incident but all Australians should be reassured that our law enforcement and security agencies are well trained and equipped and are responding in a thorough and professional manner,” he said.
“We don’t yet know the motivation of the perpetrator, we don’t know whether this is politically motivated, although obviously there are some indications that it could be,” Abbott said at a short media briefing held in Canberra, Australia’s capital.
Abbott said security agencies had not detected any particular plots but the raised alert level meant there were people in Australia with the “intent and capability” to carry out a terror attack.
Hundreds of police had been mobilised, including those specially trained for terrorist threats, tactical officers and negotiators to general duties officers and traffic police handling road closures.
Thousands of workers across the city have been sent home early and asked to work from there.
Dozens of armed police surrounded the cafe in Martin Place after the siege began around 9:45 a.m. (22:45 GMT on Sunday). The area is home to the Reserve Bank of Australia, commercial banks and close to the New South Wales state parliament.
"I walked up to the door and then everyone was sitting down and the door locked which is pretty weird because it's never locked and there was one guy walking around with a hat and a beard," a man who identified himself as Bruno, a worker at the cafe, told the Australian Broadcasting Corp, referring to the suspected assailant. He said he then turned away.
Lindt Australia Chief Executive Steve Loane told Sky Business there were about 10 staff at the cafe and "probably 30 customers" although he said that was an estimate.
The Reserve Bank of Australia said staff had been locked down inside the building and were all safe.
The nearby US consulate was also evacuated, according to an embassy spokeswoman, along with the Sydney Opera House. Tourists were being let back into the world-famous venue by early afternoon.
BANKS AND SHOPS CLOSE
In the biggest security operation in Sydney since a bombing at the Hilton Hotel killed two people in 1978, major banks closed their offices in the central business district and people were told to avoid the area, leaving large parts of the area all but deserted by mid-afternoon.
Traders in currency markets said the hostage news may have contributed to a dip in the Australian dollar, which was already under pressure from global risk aversion as oil prices fell anew.
Ray Hadley, a radio disc jockey, said he had been contacted by a hostage and could hear the suspected gunman issuing orders in the background. Police declined to comment.
In September, anti-terrorism police said they had thwarted an imminent threat to behead a random member of the public and days later, a teenager in the city of Melbourne was shot dead after attacking two anti-terrorism officers with a knife.
The incident in Sydney is disturbing. Such acts are inhuman & deeply unfortunate. I pray for everyone's safety.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 15, 2014
(This article was published on December 15, 2014)
Related

Nifty reclaims 8 200; HDFC up 2%Nifty reclaims 8,200; HDFC up 2%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 15, 2014 10:11 AM IST
Benchmark share indices trimmed most of the early losses with mortgage lender HDFC leading the gains on reports that Standard Life plans to increase its stake in joint venture HDFC Standard Life Insurance company to 33% from 26%. HDFC holds 72.4% in JV
At 10:10AM, the 30-share Sensex was down 8 points at 27,343 after hitting a low of 27,105 in early trades and the 50-share Nifty was up 1 point at 8,225 after touching a low of 8,153.
________________________
(Updated at 9:30AM)
Benchmark indices are trading lower, amid weakness in their Asian peers, dragged by losses in information technology and oil shares. Further, contraction in Index of Industrial Production for October to 4.2% also dampened sentiment.
 
At 9:30AM, the 30-share Sensex was down 121 points at 27,241 and the 50-share Nifty was down 28 points at 8,196.
 
In the broader market, both BSE midcap and smallcap indices have underperformed their larger peers with losses of around 0.6% each. Market breadth in BSE is negative with  841 declines against 368 advances.  
Along with the WPI data, due later today, traders will keep a watch on Parliament proceedings for cues. The outcome of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) monetary policy review scheduled tomorrow will also be in focus.
 
Further, markets would closely analyse the data on corporate advance tax payment as it would provide clues on Q3 December 2014 corporate earnings.
 
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net sellers in Indian equities worth Rs 864.96 crore on Friday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
 
Among global markets, Japanese stocks fell on Monday after slumping oil prices toppled Wall Street shares, while investors drew little comfort from Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's landslide win in a snap election over the weekend.
 
Last week, US stocks suffered their worst weekly drop for 2-1/2 years, as free-falling oil prices hit the energy and commodities sectors and raised the spectre of falling global demand and deflation.
Buzzing Stocks
BSE FMCG index alone is in the green with a gain of 0.2%.
BSE IT index is the top loser and has declined close to 2% in opening deals followed by BSE Teck, Consumer Durables and Capital Goods indices with losses of over 1% each.
TCS has declined over 3% after the company said that it expects a  weak third quarter, because of the holiday season in its key markets impacting some of its main verticals. Wipro has lost around 1.6% while Infosys has lost 0.5%.
Oil and gas shares are under pressure. Reliance and GAIL have lost 0.7% and 0.8% each.
ONGC has gained close to 1.5% after it  announced three new oil and gas discoveries in Krishan Godavari Basin and Mumbai offshore and said it will pay its shareholders an interim dividend of 100%.
Among auto stocks, Tata Motors has declined around 0.8% as its prized acquisition, Jaguar Land Rover has posted sluggish sales numbers.
Index heavyweights, HDFC and ITC are trading with gains of  1.2% and 0.8% each.

Banking shares gain ahead of November WPIBanking shares gain ahead of November WPI
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 15, 2014 10:15 AM IST
Banking shares are trading higher by up to 2% in otherwise weak market ahead of the wholesale price inflation (WPI) data for November that is due later in the day today.
State Bank of India (SBI), Kotak Mahindra Bank, Yes Bank, Allahabad Bank, Bank of Baroda, Indian Overseas Bank, Syndicate Bank, Canara Bank, Punjab National Bank and Bank of India are up 1-2% on the National Stock Exchange (NSE).
Bank Nifty, the banking share index, was up nearly 1% as compared to a marginal 0.09% gain in the benchmark CNX Nifty at 1011 hours.
According to a Times of India report, WP inflation may be headed towards near-zero levels due to a fall in global petroleum and other commodity prices, which is expected to result in fresh demands for interest rate cuts by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
Meanwhile, retail inflation as measured by the Consumer Price Index (CPI) eased sharply by 114bp to 4.38% during November 2014 as compared to 5.52% in October 2014.
“The distinct moderation in CPI inflation to 4.4% is admittedly a good sign for the economy; however this has been on the back of a high base effect last year. Hence, the signs of decline in inflation should be interpreted with caution. However, this cushion would not be available in the coming months,” said Credit Analysis & Research (CARE) Rating in a note.
It would be a tough call for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in February - on one hand IIP numbers have registered a negative growth while on the other hand inflation numbers are likely to increase in the coming months. While there could be strong case for rate cut, the final inflation number will be the clinching factor, it added.
 

Railways may raise fares early next yearIndian Railways may raise passenger fares early 2015
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 15, 2014  | 11:34 IST
The next Indian Rail Budget to be presented early next year could contain a proposal for raising fares to pass on the burden of rising power cost to passengers.
The fuel adjustment component-linked tariff revision due in December will be effected in the Rail Budget in February and there is a need for upward revision as energy cost has gone up by over 4 per cent in the recent months, said a senior Railway Ministry official.
According to Railways' announced policy, fare and freight revision linked to fuel and energy cost are being done twice a year. The last revision was done in June wherein passenger fares were revised by 4.2 per cent and freight rates by 1.4 per cent.
Hinting at a possible fare hike, new Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu had said at a recent event that "some burden has to be shared by people."
Asked about the possibility of raising train fares to meet the growing expenses in Railways, Prabhu, known for his pro-reform approach, did not rule out the possibility saying "passenger service should be improved before increasing the fares. Safety cannot be compromised. There is a need for big investment. Some burden has to be shared by people."
Expressing serious concern over the Railways' financial health, Prabhu had said it is "too close for comfort" and highlighted the urgent need for massive investment to meet the safety requirement and upgrading in the rail infrastructure.
"Railways requires big investment. There is no fund for investment. There is requirement of Rs 6 lakh crore to Rs 8 lakh crore for completion of announced projects," he had said.
The minister, who is also meeting MPs in batches to make himself aware of their demands and aspirations before the Rail Budget, said to meet these demands, the requirement is about Rs 20,000 crore.
Prabhu, after assuming charge, is learnt to have taken a series of steps to bring the national transporter reeling under massive fund crunch back on the track.
While the cross-subsidisation in passenger sector is hovering around Rs 26,000 crore, there is a fall in passenger bookings too. Passenger bookings have come down during April-November by 1.43 per cent as compared to the corresponding period last year.
The total number of passenger tickets booked during this period were 5581.33 million compared to 5662.54 million in the same period last year, according to Railway Ministry data.

Hong Kong police begin closing last protestsitePrint
Singer and actress Ho Singer and actress Ho is taken away by policewomen as the protesters blocked at a main road while police clearing barricades and tents outside government headquarters in Hong Kong Thursday, Dec. 11, 2014. Hong Kong police on Thursday took away demonstrators who refused to leave the main pro-democracy protest camp and tore down their tents in a final push to retake streets occupied by activists for two and a half months. (AP Photo/Vincent Yu)
By: Associated Press | Hong Kong |
Posted: December 15, 2014 10:45 am
Hong Kong police pulled down barricades Monday and folded up tents at the third and final pro-democracy protest camp, putting an end to demonstrations that have blocked traffic in the southern Chinese city’s streets for 2 1/2 months.
Police had told the protesters to leave “immediately” from the short stretch of road in Causeway Bay.
A small group of protest leaders chanted “we will be back” and called on Leung Chun-ying, Hong Kong’s chief executive, to step down.
This past week authorities shut down the protesters’ main camp near the heart of the city’s financial district and arrested 249 people who refused to leave for unlawful assembly.
The student-led protesters rejected Beijing’s plan to screen all candidates in the first-ever elections for Hong Kong’s top leader, but failed to win significant concessions from the government.
However, many say the protest movement sparked a wider political awakening among the city’s residents, especially the young. Protest leaders vowed to keep up their campaign of civil disobedience through other methods to continue pressuring the government for genuine democracy.
Fernando Cheung, pro-democracy lawmaker, who was at the site to observe the police operation and arrests, said the closing of the site did not mean the end of the civil disobedience campaign.
“In the legislative council we will do our best to resist through an uncooperative campaign,” for example by voting down budget requests and the government’s electoral reform package.
“There will be more action,” he said.
He said the movement still accomplished things even if it did not win any concrete goals.
“The duration and scale of the occupation signifies the determination and the force, the power behind the people who ask for democracy in Hong Kong. And secondly, it’s the awakening of the young generation which has limitless power.”
Otto Ng, an 18-year-old student, had been camped out at the main Admiralty protest site and came to Causeway Bay to watch the last moments.
“It feels a bit depressed and hopeless, but at the same time this is just the beginning, it’s not the end…. We still haven’t got continued…

Central banks  oil price rout to rule market...You are here: Home > Collections > Ecb
Central banks, oil price rout to rule markets in 2015
AFP Dec 15, 2014, 10.37AM IST
Tags:
China
(Central banks have tried…)
PARIS: Addicted to liquidity and disconnected from the real economy, global markets are likely to dance in 2015 to the different monetary policy tunes played by the US Fed, the ECB and China, while plunging oil prices could spice up the mix.
In 2015, "like the last seven years, it is the central bank interventions which will have an influence over the markets," said Romain Boscher, a stock portfolio manager at Amundi.
For the past several years central banks have tried to stimulate stalled economies by a mix of injecting massive amounts of liquidity into markets, lowering interest rates to ultra low levels and snapping up assets.
Well irrigated with this liquidity, stock markets have done well and government borrowing rates have fallen, but in the real economy the situation isn't quite as rosy and the situations vary.
Thus in 2015 monetary policy will no longer be uniform, said Mathieu L'Hoir, an equity strategist at AXA Investment Managers.
"The divergence between the central banks ... will have the consequence of introducing considerably more volatility in the markets," he added.
The United States and Britain, two countries whose central banks launched early and aggressive asset purchase programmes, are enjoying a recovery and interest rates are expected to begin rising in 2015.
But Japan has just launched more asset purchases as its economy has stumbled back into recession, while China is lowering rates and injecting liquidity to ensure no hard landing as its growth slows.
And pressure is on the European Central Bank to undertake a similar programme to avoid the risks of deflation and recession.
"The ECB has its hands and feet tied and it has to meet expectations," said L'Hoir. "Action is needed quickly given the evolution in inflation."
But a rout in oil prices is complicating the situation.
Crude prices have almost halved since June to levels not seen since 2009, when the world was still locked in a financial crisis.
"Oil prices, it is like a massive global budgetary boost, especially for countries which subsidise energy," said L'Hoir, pointing to India and Southeast Asia.
But for Europe, which is battling the spectre of deflation, cheaper crude is making it more difficult for the ECB to achieve its mission of keep consumer prices stable.
Falling prices may sound good for the consumer but are not welcome from a central bank's point of view as they can trigger a vicious circle where businesses and households delay purchases, throttling demand and causing companies to lay off workers.
Nevertheless, if it manages to avoid skidding into deflation on cheap oil prices, Europe can expect cheaper crude to eventually help give consumers more spending power.
"The rout in oil prices could be a massive game changer for the world economy," said Berenberg analyst Holger Schmieding.
"For users of energy, it is equivalent to a huge tax cut. In fact, it's even better than that: the cut will not show up in bigger fiscal deficits and hence future liabilities of the energy users. Instead, Russia and other energy producers will have to foot the bill."
  The danger is what costs that could levy from energy producers. Russia, already wounded by the impact of Western sanctions over Ukraine, has seen its ruble tank.
"The risk that a badly wounded bear, Russia, may turn more aggressive in its increasing desperation is the key risk to global peace and to the European economic outlook which we have to watch next year," said Schmieding.
Beyond the geopolitical risk of a flare-up of the crisis in Ukraine, or uncertainty surrounding elections in Britain and Spain, the actions of the US Fed could also be stick into the equity market's spokes.
The Fed raising interest rates may increase the attractiveness of bonds relative to stocks, and the effect it has on raising the value of the dollar can also hurt equities as it weighs on corporate performance.
But Christopher Low, an economist at FTN Financial, said "as long as the Fed doesn't get carried away and raise its rates too high, stocks should perform just fine".
A stronger dollar will also reverberate across the globe, particularly in emerging markets, which are particularly dependent on the value of the dollar given its importance in trade.
"When there is a change in monetary policy in the United States, there is a change in monetary policy across the globe," said L'Hoir.
Besides central banks, 2015 may also be the year the Chinese stock markets finally arrive.
The Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect launched in November 2014 aims to give investors worldwide direct access to Chinese shares.
"China is in the process of giving birth to the world's second-largest stock market," said Boscher.
He said "this will take years to achieve but it can only be favourable to international investors."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex recovers 200 points from day s low; HDFC up 2%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

HDFC notches up gains of over 2% on BSEHDFC notches up gains of over 2% on BSE
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 15:  
HDFC led the pack on the BSE in the morning session on Monday. At 10.35 am the share held gains of 2.28 per cent at Rs 1,094.60. The stock had ended the previous week at Rs 1,070.25.
BHEL steamed up 1.90 per cent at Rs 251.70. The share had closed Friday’s session at Rs 247.
Coal India was among the top gainers, trading at Rs 372.20. This represented a gain of 1.87 per cent on the share’s previous close at Rs 365.35.
ONGC flared up 1.08 per cent at Rs 340.60. The share closed the previous session at Rs 336.95.
State Bank of India traded up 1.08 per cent at Rs 314.65. The share had ended Friday’s session at Rs 311.30.
(This article was published on December 15, 2014)
Related
Markets Live: Sensex ends flat; heavy selling in realty, consumer durables counters
TOPICS

Australian shares fall for 5th straight sessionAustralian shares fall for 5th straight session
Reuters
Tweet
Sydney/Wellington, Dec 15:  
Australian shares slipped 1 per cent on Monday, led by resources and financials, as oil prices fell to fresh five-year lows.
Also undermining the sentiment was a hostage siege in the heart of Sydney, where dozens of people were believed to be trapped inside a cafe, raising fears of an attack by Islamic militants.
The S&P/ASX 200 index fell 49.9 points to 5,169.60 by 01:20 GMT, its fifth straight session of losses, pulling closer to a two-month low of 5,122. A break under that could see a test of this year’s trough of 5,052.2.
Iron ore prices drop
Miners continued to spiral downwards as prices for iron ore, Australia’s biggest export earner, were near five-year lows. Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton shed around 2 per cent.
Qantas tumbled more than 6 per cent to A$2.255, even though oil prices touched a fresh five-year lows.
Leanne Jones, an analyst at Bell Direct, said investors booked profits following recent hefty gains on falling oil prices. Qantas shares have leapt 17 per cent so far this month.
The top performer of the session was Australian-listed data storage company Recall Holdings, which leapt 19 per cent to the highest since listing a year ago, after it rejected a A$2.2-billion takeover offer from larger United States rival Iron Mountain Inc.
Across the Tasman sea, New Zealand's benchmark NZX50 index slipped 33.96 points or 0.6 per cent to 5,480.9, weighed by a slide in outdoorwear manufacturer Kathmandu to a three-week low.
Kathmandu fell 4.4 per cent to NZ$2.81 after major domestic fund managers, including the New Zealand Superannuation fund, announced late last week they had trimmed their holdings in the underperforming company, which has lost nearly 20 per cent this year.
Also weighing on Kathmandu was a rise in the New Zealand dollar last week, which was seen threatening its overseas revenue.
Further NZX losses were limited by slight gains in OceanaGold, which rose 0.9 per cent as gold prices held most of their gains made during a rally last week.
Kiwi Income Property Trust popped up to a 6 1/2-year high of NZ$1.245 per cent, after the property trust said its unitholders had approved its corporatisation, which would result in cost savings.
(This article was published on December 15, 2014)
Related

Chinese stocks down as investors remain cool on blue chips  margin tradingChinese stocks down as investors remain cool on blue chips, margin trading
Reuters
Tweet
December 15, 2014:  
Beijing, Dec 15 Chinese stocks fell on Monday as retail investors stopped ploughing money into blue chips and backed off from margin trading, two major factors behind a huge market rally in recent weeks.
“The aggressive stocks and margin financing actually go together’; it’s margin financing’s facilitator,’’ said Xue Caofeng, head of research at Huaxi securities.
“Previously, many people used financing to buy into shares that went soaring. After sufficient losses, there might be much room to fall.’’
Blue-chip financials, which have led the bull market for mainland stocks, led declines as investors sold off Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Agricultural Bank of China and Bank of China.
Investors’ eagerness for margin financing has fallen as the top securities regulator carries out inspections to ensure brokerages comply with the rules, Xue said.
The CSI300 index fell 0.7 per cent, to 3,172.25 points at the end of the morning session, while the Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.8 per cent, to 2,915.36 points.
China CSI300 stock index futures for December fell 0.2 per cent, to 3,210.6, a spread of 38.4 points versus the current value of the underlying index.
A dozen IPOs approved last week are continuing to pull money away from existing shares, with seven opening for subscription this week.
Rates on pledged repurchase agreements (repos), a derivative fundraising tool used in China's stock exchanges to raise funds for quick transactions, surged as investors raised funds to prepared for the IPOs.
The one-day pledged repo rate listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange was up 168 per cent to 3.83 per cent at midday and seven-day repos rose 130 per cent to 7.16 per cent.
Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index dropped 1.1 per cent to 23,003.02 points.
Investors sold off shares in HSBC Holdings, China Mobile and Tencent Holdings as financials and telecommunications led the market lower.
The Hong Kong China Enterprises Index lost 0.9 per cent, to 11,134.97.
The index measuring price differences between dual-listed companies in Shanghai and Hong Kong stood at 113.79.
A value above 100 indicates Shanghai shares are pricing at a premium to shares in the same company trading in Hong Kong, and vice versa.
Total volume of A shares traded in Shanghai was 22.55 billion shares, while Shenzhen volume was 11.92 billion shares. While volumes remain elevated, turnover and volatility have shown signs of flattening.
Total trading volume of companies included in the HSI index was 0.8 billion shares.
(This article was published on December 15, 2014)
Related

Markets Live: Sensex recovers after shedding 215 points in early trade; still down 45 pointsWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Mastek rallies on merger of Cover-All Technologies with MajescoMastek rallies on merger of Cover-All Technologies with Majesco
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 15, 2014 10:52 AM IST
Mastek has rallied 16% to Rs 314 on National Stock Exchange (NSE) after Majesco, the insurance arm and a wholly owned subsidiary of the company announced its plans to merge Cover- All Technologies with itself in a 100% stock for stock transaction.
Majesco (formerly known as Majesco Mastek) plans to list Majesco on the NYSE-MKT subject to regulatory and shareholder approvals.
The decision to merge the two businesses is the latest step in the execution of Majesco’s aggressive growth strategy to consolidate its global insurance business under a single and separate entity, Mastek said in a press release.
Last week, Majesco announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire the insurance business of Agile Technologies, LLC, bringing additional IT consulting, data strategy and implementation expertise to Majesco.
The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2015. Both companies will continue to operate as independent entities until then, it added.
The stock opened at Rs 270 and touched a low of Rs 267 in early morning trade on NSE. The trading volumes on the counter more than doubled with a combined 1.67 million shares changed hands till 1050 hours on NSE and BSE.
 

Swiss gold exports to India rises to Rs 1-trillion in 2014Swiss gold exports to India rise to Rs 1-trillion in 2014
PTI     Berne/New Delhi   Last Updated: December 15, 2014  | 11:33 IST
Photo: Reuters
Amid concerns of bullion trade being used for routing of black money, Switzerland's gold exports to India have risen further and is fast approaching Rs one-trillion mark for the entire 2014.
The Swiss gold exports to India stood at over 2.8 billion Swiss francs (over Rs 18,000 crore) in October, up from about 2.2 billion Swiss francs in the previous month, shows the latest data from the Swiss Customs Administration.
This has taken the total Swiss gold exports to India since January this year to 14.2 billion Swiss francs (nearly Rs 93,000 crore), as per the data compiled by Switzerland's cross-border trade monitoring agency.
This surge in gold shipments has made India the largest destination for the yellow metal exports from Switzerland .
There are concerns that gold trade could be a possible route for laundering of unaccounted wealth, suspected to be stashed by Indians in Swiss banks, although there has been no official word from either countries so far in this regard.
The Supreme Court-constituted SIT, however, said in its latest report on black money that a dedicated institutional mechanism needs to be put in place to examine "mismatch between export/import data with corresponding import/export data of other countries on at least a quarterly, if not a monthly basis."
The SIT said that this suggestion has been made by the Financial Action Task Force (FATF), while citing the Data Analysis and Research for Trade Transparency System adopted by US, to control over/under invoicing to some extent.
"It is established since years that over invoicing or under invoicing is known method for stashing black money outside the country. Main question is how to control this malady.
"If there is proper vigilance to a large extent by the Customs Department, mis?invoicing can be controlled because, nowadays, price of various goods/machineries is known in the international markets.
"For this, data is also published and is available on computer at any point of time. Hence, it was suggested that in a Bill of Export/shipping Bills, an entry should be included, namely, what is the international market price of the goods/machineries which were sought to be exported," the SIT said.
The government has informed the SIT that this suggestion is already under consideration and is likely to be implemented within a short time.
As per the data from the Indian government, gold imports jumped 280 per cent to $ 4.17 billion in October. In September as well, gold imports increased manifold to $ 3.75 billion. This means Switzerland alone accounted for 60-70 per cent of the gold that came to India during these months.
Undermounting global pressure, Swiss government started publishing trade data monthly from 2014 and included information on trade partners.
Data on imports and exports of gold, silver and coins was available on quarterly frequency as a separate product up to 2013 but data by trade partner was not available.
While industry watchers attribute the surge during October and September partly to increased demand for yellow metal during Diwali and other festivals in India, the sudden spike is also being seen suspiciously in the backdrop of gold being used for 'layering' purposes to move funds from Swiss banks amid growing scrutiny for suspected black money.
According to banking industry sources, banks operating in Switzerland, including those headquartered in the Alpine nation and the Swiss units of other European banks, have turned wary about dealing with their Indian clients in the wake of a growing scrutiny of such accounts.
A number of Swiss banks, including three with significant global presence, have begun telling their Indian clients to sign undertakings that are aimed at 'derisking' the banking institutions from potential risks arising out of regulatory actions against the bank customers by foreign governments.
Some banks are also telling their clients to close their accounts if they are not ready to take such risks, or if they have apprehensions about such accounts not being compliant to regulatory requirements in their home countries.
Through these 'derisking' undertakings, the customer agrees to take responsibility for any possible regulatory or administrative compliance with international norms.
A new strategy of 'layering' through gold and diamond trade came to light earlier this year at Swiss banks to thwart any attempt for identification of real beneficiary owners of funds entrusted with them, government and banking sources have said.
There is a growing suspicion that a portion of gold and diamond trade is being used to route funds from Swiss banks to India and other destinations.
'Layering' is a key stage in money laundering and involves moving illicit funds around financial system through a complex series of deals to complicate the paper trail.
This layering typically takes place between the first stage - placement of black money in the financial system either in cash vaults, or through a series of cash or sham financial transactions - and before the final 'integration' stage when money is put back into the financial system through various transactions for the benefit of its final recipient.
There has been a huge political uproar over country's black money allegedly stashed in Swiss banks and the new government has said it is committed to tackling this menace.
As per Swiss National Bank's latest data, the total money held by Indians in Swiss banks stood at over Rs 14,000 crore as on December 2013, up by nearly 42 per cent from a year ago.

Reliance Group sells multiplex biz to CarnivalADAG sells Big Cinemas multiplex business to Carnival Cinemas for undisclosed amount
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 15, 2014  | 13:47 IST
Reliance ADAG Chairman Anil Ambani
Anil Ambani-led Reliance Group has sold its multiplex business to South-India based Carnival Group in the largest ever deal in this space.
The transaction will reduce Reliance Capital 's overall debt by Rs 700 crore and is part of Reliance Capital's strategy to exit minority investments.
The deal will make Carnival the third largest multiplex operator with nationwide presence and over 300 screens, a statement said on Monday.
The firms did not disclose the exact value of the deal.
The deal struck between Carnival Cinemas and Reliance MediaWorks, will exclude IMAX Wadala (Mumbai) and some other properties worth Rs 200 crore, the statement added.
Reliance Capital is the parent firm of Reliance MediaWorks, which operates one of the largest cinema chains, under the brand 'BIG Cinemas' with over 250 screens pan-India.
Sam Ghosh, CEO, Reliance Capital, said: "We are delighted to begin a long term relationship with the rapidly growing Carnival Group, through the sale of the multiplexes business of Reliance MediaWorks to them."
Carnival Group is targeting to achieve "1,000 screens by the year 2017", said its chairman Shrikant Bhasi.
The proposed transaction is subject to necessary statutory and other approvals and is expected to be closed within the current financial year.
Reliance Capital, the financial services arm of the Anil Ambani-led business conglomerate, will retain an option to acquire a stake in pre-IPO stage "at an appropriate discount" whenever Carnival goes for a listing.
Reliance Capital had recently announced its plans to focus on core business and is in the process of encashing its minority investments.
The company is in talks with 2-3 international investors to sell its 16 per cent stake in leading travel portal Yatra.com for an estimated Rs 500 crore.
Shares of Reliance Capital were trading higher by about one per cent at Rs 528.45 apiece on the BSE.

Pakistan bat out New Zealand in Sharjah  inflict 147-runwinBy: Reuters |
Posted: December 15, 2014 11:20 am | Updated: December 15, 2014 1:04 pm
Pakistan smashed their third highest one-day total of 364 in a crushing 147-run win over New Zealand to move 2-1 up in the five-match series on Sunday.
Ahmed Shehzad notched an intelligent 113 for his sixth one-day ton and stand-in captain Shahid Afridi bludgeoned a trademark 55 off 26 balls to propel Pakistan to the best ODI score seen in Sharjah in 218 matches, and with three wickets to spare.
Afridi was back in charge with Misbah-ul-Haq out injured and although his innings was full of his usual array of crunching shots, Pakistan also showed a rare ability to nurdle singles at almost every opportunity and cut out the silly strokes.
Only Nathan McCullum went for less than six an over for New Zealand, although Matt Henry took three wickets, and their reply of 217 all out with the bat was equally ineffective as they lost wickets at regular intervals.
They were never in the running to match Pakistan’s mammoth total although in-form captain Kane Williamson, who starred in the Black Caps’ win in Friday’s second ODI, again put up a fight with a brisk 46 before being caught and bowled by Haris Sohail.
The fourth and fifth matches takes place in Abu Dhabi on Wednesday and Friday as the sides continue their build up for February and March’s World Cup in Australia.

Kerala House adjourned as Oppn rakes up bar briberyissueWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 15, 2014 10:57 am
 
 
Kerala Assembly was adjourned for the day after Opposition members disrupted the proceedings demanding the resignation of finance minister K M Mani, who is facing a Vigilance probe in the bar bribery issue.
Opposition members raised protest in the Assembly raising placards and banners, demanding that Mani should quit. They threw placards on the Speaker’s dais after which the day’s proceedings were adjourned.
Right from the beginning of this session, the Opposition has been disrupting the Assembly proceedings on the bar licence issue

India tour of Australia: Steve Smith to lead Australia in BrisbaneTestBy: Press Trust of India | Brisbane |
Posted: December 15, 2014 10:45 am | Updated: December 15, 2014 12:59 pm
Young all-rounder Steve Smith was named Australia’s captain for the second cricket Test against India on Monday, replacing an injury-ravaged Michael Clarke who is unlikely to play in the remaining matches of the ongoing series.
“Cricket Australia has announced that Steven Smith has been appointed vice-captain of the Australian Test team effective immediately and will captain the Australian side in the absence of Michael Clarke,” CA said in a statement.
The 25-year-old, who smashed 162 not out in the first innings and was 52 not out in the second essay of the opening Test which Australia won by 48 runs, thus became the 45th Test captain of the side and one of the youngest ever to take up the role.
“Clarke is expected to miss the remainder of the Commonwealth Bank Test Series against India due to an injured right hamstring,” the CA said.
Current vice-captain Brad Haddin, who led the Australian side on the final day of the Adelaide Test, will serve as Smith’s deputy in Brisbane.
The appointment was recommended by CA’s National Selection Panel and was endorsed by CA’s Board of Directors last night.
When Clarke returns to the side he will do so as captain with Smith serving as deputy.
“These are difficult circumstances given Michael’s injury and the fact that we don’t know how long he will be out of the game,” National Selector Rod Marsh said.
“What we do know is that it won’t be an overnight fix so after a lot of thought we have taken the opportunity to appoint an emerging young leader as captain until such time as Michael regains fitness and returns to the side.
“We congratulate Steve on the wonderful honour of leading his country. On Wednesday he will become Australia’s 45th Test captain and at the age of 25 will become one of our youngest leaders. He is an exceptional young man who is highly regarded by the National Selection Panel not only for his fine performances with the bat but also his maturity and clear leadership potential,” he added.
Explaining the reasons behind not opting for Haddin , Marsh said, “Brad Haddin has done an exceptional job as vice-captain since assuming the role last year and will provide strong support to Steve just as he has done for Michael.”
“There was a strong argument for Brad to assume the captaincy until Michael returns, but given we don’t know how long that will be, we felt the time was right to take a longer-term view and give a young player this chance.”
Commenting on the announcement, CA Chairman Wally Edwards said: “The Board fully endorsed continued…

Brent gives up some gains  heads toward $62You are here: Home > Collections > Yen
Oil price slide roils emerging markets, yen rises
Reuters Dec 15, 2014, 04.55PM IST
Tags:
Abdullah al-Badri
(The volatile trading was…)
LONDON: Oil prices touched fresh 5-1/2-year lows on Monday, spurring an emerging market selloff as demand for the safe-haven yen picked up while European stocks stabilised after their worst week since 2011.
Indonesia's rupiah sank to a six-year trough and Russia's rouble hit record lows. Emerging stocks fell to nine-month lows
and developing market dollar bond yield premiums over US Treasuries were at their highest since 2011.
Investors were nervous after US stocks posted their biggest weekly fall in 2-1/2-years last week as the focus turns to the US Federal Reserve, which is expected to hint this week it is getting closer to raising interest rates.
US crude futures fell more than 2.5 per cent at one point to as low as $56.25 per barrel before rising back into positive territory. They were last up 1.0 per cent at $58.40 but have fallen more than 40 per cent this year.
"The template is still in place: over-supply and dwindling demand mean that the pressure will still be on oil. However, there's a lot of pessimism over the oil price which has already been factored into the equity market," Alastair McCaig, market analyst at IG, said.
The world's energy watchdog late last week forecast even lower oil prices next year on weaker demand and increased supply, sparking fresh selling in Asia.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan
fell to its lowest level since March at one point, and last stood down 0.8 per cent.
Japan's Nikkei share average fell 1.6 per cent, drawing little momentum from Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's big election victory on Sunday, which was a boost for his reflationary economic policies.
European shares edged up after suffering their biggest weekly loss in more than three years last week as Brent prices edged off their lows. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index rose 0.1 per cent to 1,323.19 points.
FED FOCUS
The volatility in global risk assets is supporting demand for government debt and other traditional safe havens such as the Japanese yen, which rose as markets shrugged off Abe's election victory.
The dollar briefly fell to as low as 117.78 yen before recovering to 118.38 yen. It remained above a two-week low of 117.44 yen touched last Thursday, but far from the seven-year high of 121.86 yen set one week ago.
The euro remained on the defensive as euro zone inflation expectations hit a new low on Friday, raising prospects of more aggressive European Central Bank policy easing.
The single currency was down around a third of a per cent against the yen at 147.27 yen, and down 0.2 per cent against the dollar at $1.2435.
The divergence in policy between the US and euro zone central banks is being accentuated by improving US economic data which has added to bets that the Fed is moving closer to raising interest rates next year.
Many investors believe the Fed may change its promise to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" at its two-day policy meeting starting on Tuesday.
"There's a focus on the Fed - the market is thinking about oil, but the medium term will be more dependent on monetary policy and not market volatility," said Josh O'Byrne, G10 currency strategist at Citi in London.
"Into year-end though, there is some incentive to close positions and perhaps there is a shorter threshold for pain."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee makes day s low of 62.58 versus dollarYou are here: Home > Collections
Rupee weak against US dollar
PTI Dec 15, 2014, 11.39AM IST
Tags:
dollar
(The rupee after falling…)
Mumbai: The rupee made day's low of 62.73 against the US dollar to trade at over 10-month low against the greenback due to increased demand for the US currency from importers and a weak opening in domestic equity markets.
Forex dealers said besides fresh demand from importers for the American unit at the Interbank Foreign Exchange here, a lower opening in the domestic equity market after industrial output contracted by 4.2 per cent in October -- the sharpest decline in at least two years -- put pressure on the rupee.
Besides, dollar's gains against other currencies overseas weighed on the rupee, they added.
The rupee after falling to over ten-month low of 62.50 against the greenback, bounced back to end 4 paise higher at 62.29 on Friday on selling of dollars by state-run banks on behalf of the RBI.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sell HCL Technologies  says Hemant ThukralLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sell HCL Technologies, says Hemant Thukral
Hemant Thukral of Aditya Birla Money is of the view that one may sell HCL Technologies.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Hemant Thukral of Aditya Birla Money told CNBC-TV18, "I have sell on HCL Technologies , 15 percent shorts have been placed. Secondly even on Friday it was showing the sign of more weakness as future premium was coming off along with the cash selling volumes. So, I clearly see that HCL Tech will have to re-test the stronger support zone that is between Rs 1,472 to Rs 1,475. The important support level which it has given away on Friday, which is Rs 1,545-1,550 zone, will act as a resistance. I will recommend that to be kept as a stoploss for traders who are taking this call of going short on HCL Tech."
At 10:59 hrs HCL Technologies was quoting at Rs 1,486, down Rs 26.05, or 1.72 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 1,502.10 and an intraday low of Rs 1,450.35.
RELATED NEWS

Silktex: Outcome of board meetingDec 15, 2014, 10.57 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Silktex: Outcome of board meeting
Silktex Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 08, 2014, inter alia, has approved the Appointment of Mrs. Rachna Arora as Company Secretary.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Silktex: Outcome of board meeting
Silktex Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 08, 2014, inter alia, has approved the Appointment of Mrs. Rachna Arora as Company Secretary.
Post your opinion here
 
Silktex Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 08, 2014, inter alia, has approved the Appointment of Mrs. Rachna Arora as Company Secretary.Source : BSE

Oil plunges; Asian shares on the defensiveThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sensex falls in early trade  Nifty trading flatThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Why TCS Shares Have Hit Five-Month LowThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sydney Hostage Crisis LIVE: Three Hostages Escape Gunman; Islamic Flag Seen on Cafe WindowThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi congratulates Japanese PM on poll winThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

UN climate talks settle rich-poor rift  salvage dealThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Who says bank FDs are risk free Learn to diversify your investmentsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hong Kong police clear last pro-democracy protest siteThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Reliance Mediaworks sells multiplexes Business to Carnival CinemasThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Do you see the rupee hitting 65 by MarchYES. 65 is not very far from 62 ! A weak country will have
weak currency . A strong country will have strong currency !
See how our rupee has been depreciated by different govts.
since 1947!!!............RK.
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
1.33 PM Dec 15th 2014

Buy auto  bank stocks on correction: Sanjeev Prasad08:00 am
Sanjeev Prasad, Senior Executive Director & Co-Head of Kotak Institutional Equities told CNBC-TV18, "Any dip would be a buying opportunity and if you look at India, a lot of value has started to emerge in some of the ignored names, case in point is Reliance Industries ; this is a forgotten stock and it has not performed in the rally and when the market corrected Reliance corrected more than what the market has corrected. So suddenly lot of value has emerged over there."
"We are also seeing some amount of rally emerging in some of the industrial names even some of the utility names etc which are largely been ignored by the market. You are starting to see some value emerge over there and of course the good quality names in autos and banks which we want to play the economic recovery as also the decline in interest rates themes going forward. Valuations are still on higher side but any correction over there is a buying opportunity," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Finance minister arun jaitely will introduce the insurance bill in the...Platinum Member
236 Followers
Finance minister Arun Jaitely will introduce the Insurance Bill in the Upper House on Tuesday, and it is likely to be taken up for discussion immediately, with the business advisory committee allotting four hours for discussion on it. Once it becomes law, it will send a strong signal that the NDA government is serious on key economic reforms.
The government is banking heavily on the Congress to get the bill passed in the Rajya Sabha, and is confident of support from parties like the AIADMK, BJD and BSP. Trinamul, SP, JD(U) and Left parties, that have a combined strength of around 50 members, are firm on opposing the bill and will try to stall it.
“We had given dissent notes even in the select committee and we are opposed to this bill. We will not let the House pass it. We will stall it in the House,” JD(U) leader K.C. Tyagi told this newspaper.
Though Congress supported the bill in select committee, party leaders have given ample indications that they will not make the going easy for the government on this bill as they feel there should be “consensus” among all the parties on the issue.
In reply to : v1508a message
11.32 AM Dec 15th 2014

If break 14 then big slide with huge volumesCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

This time sukhani is correct who ever not listened is sufering and low...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Cover ur short in tisco.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Three hostages run out of Sydney siege caf: PoliceTwo more hostages run out of Sydney siege cafe
PTI
Tweet
Sydney, Dec 15:  
Two more hostages have run out of the cafe at the centre of a siege in Sydney, Australia's largest city, according to a Reuters witness at the site.
The two women were both wearing aprons indicating they were staff at the Lindt cafe where a gunman has been holding an unknown number of hostages for several hours. Three men had earlier run out of the cafe.
It is unclear whether the hostages had been released by the gunman or had escaped. Police, who are speaking with the three men to gather information about what is happening inside, declined to specify how many hostages remained in the cafe.
According to New South Wales Deputy Commissioner Catherine Burn, three people who came out of Lindt Cafe at Martin Place were with police.
Three people — one staff member and two others — have been seen on footage shown on Channel 7 running from the cafe.
“The information that I have is that nobody has been harmed or injured at the moment,” she said.
“We clearly are dealing with a situation that is unfolding and it’s happening as we speak and the most important thing is the safety of those hostages and I wouldn’t want to do anything that may impact on the safety of those hostages.”
Burn said she could not confirm the number of people remaining inside the cafe.
“Those operational details will be forthcoming but its not a good time to speculate.”
“Police negotiators have had contact and they will continue to have contact,” she said.
“A peaceful resolution will be what we are working for,” she said.
The siege incident came hours after a Sydney man was arrested in a counter-terrorism raid but the Commissioner said the two didn’t appear to be connected.
As a security precaution, the US Consulate General in Sydney has been evacuated, along with other buildings in the vicinity of Martin Place.
Martin Place is home to the state premier’s office, the Reserve Bank of Australia. State parliament house is a few blocks away.
(This article was published on December 15, 2014)
Related
Video

Sydney terror: Three hostages run out of siege cafe  says the policeSydney terror: Five hostages run out of siege cafe, says the police
Press Trust of India | Sydney Dec 15, 2014 12:10 PM IST
Five people ran out of a Sydney cafe where a gunman has taken hostages and displayed an Islamic flag against the window, police said today, adding that no one has yet been harmed.
Five people were seen running from the cafe on footage shown on Channel 7.
According to New South Wales Deputy Commissioner Catherine Burn, three people who came out of Lindt Cafe at Martin Place were with the police. Two came out through the front door and one through the fire escape. It is still not known whether they were freed or escaped. 
Andrew Scipione, the commissioner of the New South Wales police, said at a news briefing that an unknown number of hostages were being held. 
This image taken from video shows people holding up hands inside a cafe in Sydney
Police have, however, said there were fewer than 30 people inside the cafe. 
Television footage showed people inside the cafe with their hands pressed against the window holding the black flag known as Shahadah, a prayer spoken in mosques daily, and not a flag specific to the Islamic State, reports said. 
Scipione said at this stage police were treated it as a hostage situation but were "on a footing consistent with a terrorist act".
The gunman is being described as being in his forties, wearing a black vest. 
Police have established contact with the gunman and they are trying to resolve the matter peacefully. 
"A peaceful resolution will be what we are working for," Burn said.
ALSO READ:  Sydney terror: Indian Consulate in Sydney evacuated, says govt
The siege incident came hours after a Sydney man was arrested in a counter-terrorism raid but the Commissioner said the two didn't appear to be connected.
As a security precaution, the Indian consulate and the US Consulate General in Sydney have been evacuated, along with other buildings in the vicinity of Martin Place. One Indian IT professional may be among the hostages, said Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu.
Authorities have sealed off surrounding streets, evacuated people from buildings, and suspended rail services following the incident in the heart of the city's business district. 
Martin Place is a public pedestrian thoroughfare through the heart of Sydney, joining its parliamentary, legal and retail districts. The Sydney Opera House, State Library, US consulate and all court houses here have been evacuated.

Global coffee production set to drop 2.9% in FY15Global coffee production set to drop 2.9% in FY15
Mahesh Kulkarni | Bengaluru Dec 15, 2014 10:33 PM IST
World coffee production in the ongoing 2014-15 crop year is set to decline 2.9 per cent to 141 million bags, compared to 145.2 million bags in 2013-14. The drop is attributed to drought in Brazil, the world’s largest producer of beans.
According to International Coffee Organization (ICO),  apex body of producing countries, the ongoing recovery in Colombia, with improved management of coffee leaf rust in Central America, is expected to mitigate the loss of Arabica. In terms of Robusta, production in Vietnam is provisionally expected to remain strong, while a significant drop is anticipated in Indonesia, given the recent low export volumes.
Production of Arabica in Brazil will be six million bags lower in 2014-15, compared to 2013-14, ICO said in its latest report quoting Brazilian crop forecasting agency, Conab.
In India, the sixth largest producer in the world, the Coffee Board’s post-blossom forecast has pegged bean production to grow 13.1 per cent to 344,500 tonnes, compared to the final production of 304,500 tonnes in 2013-14.  Meanwhile, prices slipped back in November, as widespread rains in Brazil curtailed any further price rise. All group indicators decreased, although this was less noticeable in the case of Robusta, ICO said.
The monthly average of the ICO composite indicator settled on 162.17 US cents per lb (pound), 6.2 per cent lower than the October average but higher than that of September. In terms of daily prices, the ICO composite hit a low of 158.06 cents on November 7, 2014, rising to 167.83 cents on November 19, which was significantly lower range than in previous months. Price volatility was also noticeably calmer in November, with a monthly average of 6.6 per cent, the year’s lowest, ICO added.
Total exports in October 2014 came to 8.9 million bags, half a per cent higher than the previous year. For the first 10 months of this calendar year (2014), total exports were 0.7 per cent higher at 95 million bags, compared to 94.3 million a year ago.
Exports have been particularly strong from Brazil (up 15.9 per cent), Colombia (up 16.6 per cent) and Vietnam (estimated to be up 25 per cent), although estimated exports from Indonesia are less than half their level a year ago.
In terms of consumption, early indication for calendar year 2014 shows mixed messages. According to Eurosat figures, net imports into the European Union (EU) from January to June 2014 were 1.1 per cent lower than 2013, amounting to 22.6 million bags in the six-month period. “This is likely a reaction to the economic situation in many European countries. However, it should be noted this data is provisional and could be subject to revision,” ICO said.
Demand in the US and Japan, on the other hand, seems to be increasing relatively strongly, it noted.
In other importing countries, preliminary data suggest that net imports into Turkey have risen significantly. Continued growth is also expected in most emerging markets in 2014, with the possible exception of Russia. Likewise, in exporting countries, full data is not yet available, but initial expectations are that demand will continue to grow at a strong rate in most producing countries. Again, this will be affected by economic growth prospects, ICO added.

Oil falls to 5-yr low  cos start to retrenchSave this video
Copy URL
Experts discuss the hot commodities as the price of oil falls to its 5-year low and the companies start to retrench.
18

Amit Shah links Burdwan blast accused to TMCBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata |
Posted: December 13, 2014 1:32 am
UNFAZED by the controversy over his earlier remarks, BJP president Amit Shah Friday once again linked the Burdwan blast accused and Saradha chit fund accused to ruling Trinamool Congress in West Bengal and challenged party chief Mamata Banerjee to say those arrested from her party are innocent.
“The accused in the Saradha scam and Burdwan blast are linked to TMC. The owner of the house where Burdwan blast took place is linked to TMC. The Sharada chit fund scam accused are also linked to TMC and many people including MPs have been arrested. If Mamataji feels it is CBI’s mischief, she should say that those arrested are innocent…If CBI is doing a political probe, let Mamataji just say in public that those arrested people are innocent,” Shah said speaking at ‘Agenda Aaj Tak’.
The BJP chief said he is a public leader and has made an allegation against the West Bengal Chief Minister’s party and it was up to her to come out and clarify on them.
“I have made an accusation against Mamata’s party and to come clear on that is her job,” he said.
He also said BJP would never use CBI as a tool to meet its political ends which the Congress was doing all along, starting from the time of Indira Gandhi upto those of Manmohan Singh and Sonia Gandhi.
While addressing a rally in Kolkata on November 30, Shah had accused Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee of creating hurdles for a proper NIA probe into the Burdwan blast to shield her party leaders allegedly involved in the incident. He also alleged that Saradha chit fund money was used in the October 2 Burdwan blast.
However, Minister of State in PMO Jitendra Singh, had in a written reply in Parliament, said CBI investigations have so far not revealed that Saradha chit fund money was used to finance terror in Bangladesh, contradicting Shah’s allegation of such a connection.

Ola not registered under Radio Taxi Scheme  cant ply in city  admn tells HCMany states across the country had banned Uber taxi services.
Chandigarh |
Posted: December 13, 2014 2:05 am
Sanjeev Verma
The Chandigarh administration has informed the Punjab and Haryana High Court that it cannot allow plying of web-based taxi service provider Olac cabs or any other operators from point-to-point within city limits who have not registered themselves or are not otherwise eligible to operate, under the Radio Taxi Scheme, 2006.
Ola, which is a web-based taxi service, have also come under heat after the union home minister Rajnath Singh had on December 9 advised all states to stop operations of web-based taxi services. Union home minister’s advise had come after a rape incident of a 25-year-old woman passenger in Delhi on December 6 by another web-based taxi service Uber’s driver. After this many states across the country had banned Uber taxi services.
Though the Chandigarh State Transport Authority (STA) has issued notices to Uber and Meru Cabs to stop its services in the city but since the high court had put its stay in Ola as their services have not been banned by the STA.
In his reply Mahavir Kaushik, Secretary, STA, Chandigarh, has informed that it is open to the company owning Olacabs, ANI Technologies Pvt. Ltd., to come forward and apply under the scheme rather than finding ways and means to bypass the same.
ANI Technologies Pvt. Ltd. had approached the high court challenging Chandigarh administration’s order of August 21 for stopping its operations. The high court had on September 4 put stay on Chandigarh administration’s order that had facilitated Olacabs to ply its taxis in the city.
However, Kaushik in his reply has submitted that the business module projected by the petitioner company is upheld, the STA would
have no mechanism to control or regulate the individual performance of cab operators, fixation of fares, unfair business practices
etc. and the Radio Taxi Scheme, 2006, would be rendered redundant.
Though the STA Secretary’s reply was filed in the high court registry a day earlier but the same was not listed by the registry and did not come up with the case file before the court headed by Justice Rameshwar Malik on Friday. Hence the case was adjourned for next hearing to February 2 next. But since the reply is likely to come up before the court next week, if satisfied, the court can vacate its stay.
The petitioner company had submitted that its services are governed by the rules and regulations issued by the Ministry of Communication and Information Technology where it has been registered as “Other Service Provider”. Therefore, it is not obliged to get itself registered under the “Radio Taxi Scheme 2006” with the STA, Chandigarh.
The company had also alleged that the provisions of the “Radio Taxi Scheme 2006” are monopolistic in nature and in violation of Article 19(1) (g) of the Constitution of India.
The court was informed that the company is only a facilitator and its business module provides a mobile based platform/web continued…

Hiss & tell: After crocs during floods  snakes slither into Vadodara homesWritten by Kumar Anand | Vadodara |
Posted: December 13, 2014 3:14 am
In three months since flood struck Vadodara in September this year, over 1,700 snakes were found entering residential areas within the city, including highly venomous cobra, viper, as well as non-venomous rat snakes and chequered snakes. Forest department officials and wildlife observers said the number is higher compared to years before, adding that spotting of seven Indian rock python during the same period reflected on widespread human encroachment on their habitat along city periphery.
Experts and forest officials said that flooding during monsoon, including the three-day long September city floods that covered a large swathe of areas along the Vishwamitri, Mahisagar and Dhadhar rivers under water affected the abode of reptiles, especially pythons that are generally found in bushes along the rivers as well as in green belt areas between Kalali and Por and those along Koile and Umetha villages on city’s western periphery.
“In three months alone, seven pythons were found from various parts of the city and from villages on city outskirts. They are coming in close contact with humans for two reasons: one, their own abode is getting disturbed due to large-scale construction activities going on in areas that were once covered with trees and bushes, and two, because of change in weather pattern that has caused humidity to stay for longer period,” said Arvind Pawar of Wildlife Rescue Trust.
Volunteers of the NGO Wildlife Rescue Trust rescued five pythons and a number of other snakes in the last few months. Construction activities along Dhadhar river near Vadodara led at least two pythons —  each measuring 9.2 feet and 7.3 feet — move inside Itola village while yet another python was spotted inside a well near a temple at Vadsar village. Two pythons were rescued from city areas — each from Manjalpur and Atladra.
The forest department plans to study the movement pattern of the reptile that falls under schedule one of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, said DFO VK Saxena. “We plan to see their movement pattern and understand if they have shifted their base from one area to another,” he said.
As per data available with forest officials, as many as 340 rat snakes and 180 cobras were rescued from various residential societies in the last three months. Among venomous snakes, vipers were also rescued in large numbers, with the forest department putting their number at 101. A large variety of snakes such as banded racer, common kukri, common trinket, bronzeback, green killback, stripped killback, wolf snake, common sand boa and red sand boa were also rescued in different numbers from different places within the city.
Changing weather pattern this year has also given rise to incidents of snake spotting in human habitat. “High humidity drives snakes out of their habitat. Couple this with long monsoon and floods, and continued…

In double-murder  govt finds reason to take control of Vindhaychal templeWritten by Mohd Faisal Fareed | Lucknow |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:19 am
The Uttar Pradesh government Friday said it will take over the management of Vindhyavasini Devi temple in Mirzapur district. A proposal in this regard, floated a year ago, was dropped following opposition by the temple priests as they set to lose unaccounted amounts in earnings from the devotees.
The government, which had revived revived its shelved plan a month ago, made the announcement a day after a priest at the temple shot dead two of his colleagues and injured another allegedly over “poaching” of devotees.
“After Thursday’s incident in which two persons lost their lives, there is nothing left to hold discussions with the priests at the temple. Now, government will take over the Vindhyavasini temple under its control. There is no point left in considering the opposition by the priests when things have reached this extent,” Vijay Mishra, UP Minister for Religious Affairs told The Indian Express.
Mishra said the proposal has been cleared at his ministry’s end and only Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav’s consent is required. “We had sent the file to CM’s office nearly one week back. There were some deliberations held on it earlier but the consent was delayed due to some reasons. But now after the Thursday incident, I think it will be cleared soon by the CM,” Mishra said.
Rajan Pathak, who heads the Vindhya Panda Parishad, however, is still opposed to the proposal. “We have 1,100 card holder priests. We take action on any complaint of fleecing of devotees. Akhilesh government is bent upon taking away our livelihood,” Pathak said.
He claimed that the double murder was a fallout of personal enmity and not due to poaching of devotees. “We condemn it strongly but it cannot be taken as a precedent for taking over the reins of the temple,” Pathak added.
In June 2013, the Akhilesh Yadav government had floated the proposal for taking over the reins of the Vindhyavasini temple, one of the Shaktipeeths that attracts over 20,000 devotees everyday. However, the priests of the temple united against the move and met then minister for Religious Affairs Raja Anand Singh and the proposal was dropped.
The proposal was revived nearly one month back after government got reports of devotees being fleeced by the priests. The government, however, remained apprehensive on giving consent fearing opposition from the priests. “Now, with murders at the temple there is no point in delaying the proposal. It will be done very soon,” Mishra added.
Once state government takes control of the Vindhyavasini temple, the priests will become government employees on fixed salary. They will have no right on offerings made by the devotees and would also not be able to fleece them for payment.
“Once the government gets control, a new trust will be formed to ensure better facilities and security for devotees, both, inside and outside the temple. The approach to continued…

Crops on Yamuna plains toxic: New studyBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:45 am
Consumption of crops grown along the Yamuna can lead to serious health implications due to heavy metal poisoning, a study by Toxics Link — an environmental NGO — has found. According to the study, the presence of heavy metals such as lead, chromium, arsenic and mercury have been found in sediment samples at the river.
While the report notes that “there is no specific standard for heavy metal content in the sediment and soil”, it observes that the level of heavy metal contamination increases significantly after Wazirabad.
“The study found high level of heavy metals after Wazirabad in comparison to the samples collected before Wazirabad. This is a serious concern and suitable measures are required to check it,” the report says.
The team of researchers began their survey from Jagatpur village, North Delhi, travelling by boat along the river. They collected water samples from different locations — Najafgarh drain, Wazirabad, Majnu Ka Tila, near Vidhan Sabha drain, ISBT and Yamuna Bazar. High amounts of chromium, mercury and arsenic were detected in sediment samples in both pre- and post-monsoon samples.
The study concludes that the “the detection of heavy metals in the samples after Wazirabad may be due to discharge of waste water into the river from various canals and drains. The study notes, “as vegetables are being grown in the floodplain of Yamuna, it raises the issue of these vegetables being contaminated”.
“These heavy metals are not readily degradable and accumulate in animal and human bodies to a high toxic level. The increased population and the progress in agriculture and industry have complicated this situation,” the study says.
Apart from raising awareness about the issue and using technology to decontaminate the river, the study also recommends identification of sources of pollution and remedial measures to “decontaminate the river bed” of heavy metals.

Leena Investments sells 8.95 Lk shares of Sterling HolidayDec 13, 2014, 10.51 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Leena Investments sells 8.95 Lk shares of Sterling Holiday
On December 12, 2014 Leena Investments Consultancy LLP sold 8,95,765 shares of Sterling Holiday.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Leena Investments sells 8.95 Lk shares of Sterling Holiday
On December 12, 2014 Leena Investments Consultancy LLP sold 8,95,765 shares of Sterling Holiday.
Post your opinion here
 
On December 12, 2014 Leena Investments Consultancy LLP sold 8,95,765 shares of  Sterling Holiday Resorts (India) at Rs 188 on the BSE.
On Friday, Sterling Holiday Resorts (India) closed at Rs 187, up Rs 4, or 2.19 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 200 and 52-week low Rs 79 on 01 December, 2014 and 13 December, 2013, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

E-comm cos need to do more on quality of offline workforcee-commerce
(Women’s safety should…)
The irony of her first — and only — cash on delivery purchase isn't lost on Mili Srivastava, a senior corporate executive in Hyderabad. In September this year, she bought a copy of Maya Angelou's book I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings on Flipkart. And, rather than enjoy the first in a seven-volume series detailing the struggles of the African-American writer, she discovered the title was, in a cruel twist of fate, symbolic of her struggle with the online retailing giant.
When the book was delivered to her house, Srivastava wasn't home. Instead, her young domestic help was, but without the cash to pay for the book. So, she borrowed some money from a neighbour; on her return the delivery man made a grab for her. Thanks to force of will and some situational awareness (the maid dialled the neighbours on an intercom during her struggle), she slipped free and the delivery boy bolted. "Would he have had access to my house if he wasn't delivering a Flipkart parcel," asks an irate Srivastava.
The many shades of deliverymen are a vital cog in the business model of internet-enabled businesses. They are the face of a business that is otherwise conducted on a computer (or phone or tablet) screen. And as more women become part of the business model — especially as customers — their safety is under threat. Hiring an army of fitters, drivers and deliverymen may be integral to the survival of the business, but the companies here are yet figuring out how to keep women customers safe. For two days, Srivastava adds, she tried to reach Flipkart. Instead of prompt action, she says, her complaint slipped through the cracks, into a general pool dealing with an assortment of less pressing issues. It was only when she took to social media and to the local law enforcement that Flipkart responded. "Senior executives have called and visited me, but there has been no written apology from them, which is something I want," says Srivastava.
Instead, they have made an offer to pay for a vocational training programme for the maid, an offer she has declined. "I bought a service from you as Flipkart and that service was deficient, therefore I should be compensated," she contends. A Flipkart spokesperson explains that the leadership has been in touch with the family and "will partner with them every step of the way to ensure the case reaches its logical conclusion".
Flipkart points out that the accused has been arrested (for allegedly trying to outrage the modesty of a woman), and that the matter is being investigated by the law enforcement authorities.
Question of Safeguards
"The safety of our customers is of utmost importance to us: we have a very strong business ethics policy that binds not only our employees but also our business partners. We have zero tolerance for such behaviour and strictest action has been taken for this unfortunate incident that happened in September," says the company spokesperson. "We have been cooperating fully with the police... We have worked very closely with our manpower sourcing partner to ensure that all documents requested are being furnished immediately."
The spokesperson adds that Flipkart has taken up the matter "very strongly with all our manpower sourcing partners to ensure even more stringent background checks are being done, including police verification".
To be sure, the incident has spurred the e-commerce giant into action. The spokesperson points out that the training and the operations managers have undertaken a series of communication sessions with delivery staff/partners across the country to reiterate a zero-tolerance policy on such matters. "They are being educated on the pursuant actions in case their staff violates these policies in any way. There is also a complete review being undertaken of our response system for matters of such gravity. Flipkart will ensure that such instances are dealt with and addressed within significantly shorter timeframes going forward."
In addition, delivery partners undertake a fourstage employee verification process to try to weed out the bad apples, and are committed to making their customers feel safe, says the spokesperson. This case of an assault on a woman, and more recently the alleged rape of a woman by a driver associated with Uber, highlights the growing gender insensitivity of e-commerce firms, say activists.
They are putting business ahead of the safety of women customers, they claim. They argue that these companies aren't doing enough to protect women, who form at least half their customers. "The se companies generally do not give any thought to women's safety, with a few (rare) exceptions... MNCs usually follow double standards with regard to safety clauses on most counts, be they environmental or related to social aspects when they operate in third world countries like India," says Indu Agnihotri, director, Centre for Women's Development Studies.

Why many still prefer black & yellow taxis over app-based servicesambassador
(A small but fiercely loyal…)
Like many of her age, Friday is the best day for Poorvi Rai. And it was no different on December 5 when the 26-year-old went to Ambience Mall in Gurgaon to celebrate a friend's birthday. The party started at 11 pm and dragged on till the wee hours. Poorvi took a cab and reached home at 3 in the morning. Incredibly, in these times in the national capital region, her father wasn't spending a sleepless night over his daughter's safety. "I know my daughter was safe with the taxi driver," says Anil Rai, with a tone of absolute certainty. "I trust Gurmeet Singh blindly."
It was the same Friday night when a 25-year-old woman executive was allegedly raped by an Uber cab driver when she was returning home to Delhi from Gurgaon. The 64-year-old Rai has been taking a cab from the local taxi stand in Kamla Nagar in north Delhi for the last 20 years. And he knows each driver personally. "Gurmeet has been a part of our family," he says.
It's an emotion reciprocated in equal measure by the taxi driver. "Poorvi is like my daughter," says 55-year-old cabbie Gurmeet Singh. As app-based taxi service aggregators such as Uber, Ola and TaxiForSure face the heat from the government and grapple to come up with a safety policy to win back confidence of enraged women passengers, it is cabbies like Gurmeet who are reaping the benefits of building a business based on trust.
"My friends make fun of me when I travel in a black and yellow Ambassador," says Rai, who works as a project officer at NGO Bachpan Bachao Andolan. "But that's the colour which gives me a sense of comfort and security."
Unlike Mumbai, Delhi's landscape is not dotted with kaali peeli (black and yellow) taxis. However, these taxis, mostly Ambassadors, can be spotted parked at a few local taxi stands in their eternal wait for customers, most of whom prefer more modern vehicles to commute.
Gurmeet Singh, who started 'Guru Nanak Taxi Service' in 2002 with two kaali peeli ambassadors, now has a fleet of eight cars, including one Toyota Innova and two Tata Indigos. However, he still drives his favourite, the Ambassador. "In 12 years, I have added seven cars. But the demand is so huge that I am short of cars," he says.
Loyalty Matters
The size of his fleet pales in comparison to ones owned by radio taxi cabs like Meru or app aggregators like Uber, but Singh's business model has its own ubiquity, advantages — and charm.
He has a set of loyal clients in his area and the business comes by word of mouth. There are no bookings done on a website, forget an app. Singh has a mobile, not a smartphone, but he takes orders on a landline. Payment is not made using debit or credit cards. In fact, one can even delay the payment for weeks, which some of his customers usually do. The cars don't have a GPS, and the drivers don't know English.
"Where we score above organised taxi players is trust. They have made money, we have made loyal consumers," says Singh. Singh's trust-based business model works largely because of its modest scale coupled with a unique system of hiring. All the drivers are either from his immediate family in Delhi or extended ones in Punjab. This ensures familiarity and builds trust, says Singh, who is helped by his son in managing the business. And if at all somebody is hired from outside, it has to be from a reference of any of his family members. "This is the secret behind our success," he says proudly.
"Win trust of the consumers and they in turn will get business." Singh's success mantra, in fact, is an open secret for scores of local taxi stands operators who have been running their business banking on consumers' trust. Manohar Singh is one of them in Rohini, north-west Delhi. Around 7 on a chilly Wednesday morning, Singh is sitting on an old charpoy at his ramshackle taxi stand — an open plastic tent house erected on the pavement with the help of two bamboos — busy jotting down orders for the day in an old diary. After a few minutes, the 75-year-old is joined by his younger brother Pyara Singh and his sons Gurdeep and Charanjeet. His anachronistic black landline phone starts ringing. The loud tring tring sound irritates his son Charanjeet.
 
"My father only takes calls on the landline," quips Charanjeet, who has been trying to get the landline connection removed. "This keeps him in his old world." It's the old world and ways of Manohar Singh that have helped him expand his business since 1995. "We have families that have been with us since last 15 years," says Manohar, finding it difficult to hide his pride. The patriarch is aware of the rape incident that has rocked the nation's conscience. "It's quite unfortunate," he says. Incidents like these give a bad name to the entire driver community, contends Manohar, who still drives a kaali peeli ambassador but only once in a while.

Meet Khushi Prajapati: Driver with a women s-only cab serviceAzad Foundation
(“That’s one of the issues,…)
Khushi Prajapati is just over five feet tall and would appear almost nondescript if you saw her at a bus stop or a Metro station. But once behind the wheel of her Hyundai Accent cab, she dons a different avatar and oozes confidence. One of the 19 women taxi drivers on the rolls of Sakha Consulting Wings , a women's-only cab and chauffeur service, Prajapati went through 14 rigorous modules of training for over six months, which included personal grooming, self-defence classes and communication skills besides intensive driving lessons.
"I have been a driver with Sakha for over five years now, having started as a private car driver and later getting my commercial driving licence; I have been driving this cab for four years now," says Prajapati, as we cover a distance of 15 km from the ET Magazine office in central Delhi to CR Park in the south of the capital.
A typical work day for the 23-year-old could be one in which she has to pack in up to 12 hours of duty on and off the road, clocking up to 200 km. "Our agency has a new client which is a travel agency handling inbound tours; very often I have airport pick-ups late at night or early in the morning. Many of the Western women travellers are pleasantly surprised to find a young woman picking them up at 2:30 am and start a conversation on the way. While they ask me about the challenges that a woman driver faces on Delhi's notoriously unsafe roads, for me it's an opportunity to speak with them in English and brush up my language skills," says Prajapati.
Her demeanour behind the wheel is cool and composed — until a two-wheeler rider at a traffic signal stops alongside and passes a lewd comment. "I can knock you off your bike with my car," she angrily retorts. Once the two-wheeler beats a petrified retreat, Prajapati is quick to explain that her mentors have warned against losing her cool while driving with passengers in the car. "I always try to be polite, but sometimes I can't help getting a bit annoyed when drivers are rude or aggressive," she explains.
So what are the biggest challenges on the road for a woman taxi-driver ? Surprisingly, Prajapati is not overly worried about the lack of safety and security on the roads of Delhi, especially late at night. "That's one of the issues, but I do have some basic self-defence training and carry a pepper spray. Besides, our taxis are all being tracked through GPS by our office," she says.
But long hours on the road and waiting for passengers at offices, hotels or markets is a lonely job for the young woman since, unlike her male counterparts, she doesn't find other women to hang out or chat with. "Sometimes, I talk to male drivers at parking areas, but only if they seem to be decent and respectable. There are times when I need to use the washroom between long drives; some of my women customers help by taking me to their offices," she says.
One of four siblings in a family that moved from Jhansi in Madhya Pradesh to Delhi in search of better economic opportunities, Prajapati has become an inspiration for young women in the families of neighbours in Badarpur on Delhi's southern border with Haryana, with some of them sending their daughters to Sakha for training. "My father, a construction worker, and my mother are very supportive of my decision to take up this challenging job. My two sisters are studying, while my brother works with an NGO to teach English to young students in our neighbourhood," she says. But she is definitely the breadwinner in the household earning between Rs 9,000 and Rs 15,000 a month with her basic salary and overtime.
Women's rights activist Meenu Vadera, who set up Azad Foundation (the NGO arm of Sakha) in 2008, had women like Prajapati in mind and wanted to start a venture that would enable women to earn and live a life of dignity and freedom. "While Azad Foundation was set up as a not for profit, Sakha is run on the social venture model with a part of the profits being ploughed back every year. We felt that helping women from economically deprived families to make a livelihood as taxi drivers would be the ideal way to break the glass ceiling as well as provide a safe transport service that is very useful for other women," says Nayantara Janardhan, director at Sakha and one of the founders.
Today, the organisation has 19 full-time drivers and has helped over 300 women get their driving licences, many of whom have been placed as drivers with private cars. The organisation has also expanded to Gurgaon and Jaipur and has plans to enter Kolkata soon.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi govt s electricity reforms seem to be a mixed bagCentral Electricity Regulatory Commission
(The government is all set…)
The Narendra Modi government has been criticised in the last few months for not going about with reforms as enthusiastically as hoped but, in one sector, at least, expect major changes. Continuing an initiative held over from the previous regime, the NDA cabinet earlier this week, passed big changes to the Electricity Act, the main law which governs the economics of the sector.
If passed by Parliament, consumers could get the choice to buy power from companies of their choice rather than being tied to a single provider as is the case in most states. At the same time though, this could accelerate a process by which state utilities' losses deepen, imposing a heavy fiscal burden on their parent governments.
Experts that ET Magazine spoke to had mixed reactions about the changes. Surya P Sethi, a former principal advisor on power to earlier governments, hailed the reforms as 'essential for competition'. While arguing that the Act had been poorly implemented so far, he said: "I am glad this is being done now. Better late than never." Others were more circumspect.
Says Ashwini Chitnis, a senior research associate at Prayas Energy Group, a non-profit organisation looking at energy sector policy issues. "The amendments aim at making fundamental changes to the sector structure and organisation, but it is not clear how these changes will help in tackling issues such as state utility losses, rising tariffs, fuel availability problems, and poor quality of service ."
Moving Reforms Along
In the first set of reforms starting in the mid-90s, a major aim was to split existing power companies into separate parts, each focused on generating power, transmitting it, or distributing it to the end consumer. This enabled distribution companies to buy power in the open market, from generators across the country, rather than from companies owned by the state of which they were a part.
"What possibly the government wants to do is actually take that one step forward. What the reforms aim to do is replicate this freedom for the end consumer as well," says Sushanta K Chatterjee, head of regulatory affairs at the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC), the apex regulator for the power sector.
Even in the current regime, the socalled open access is allowed for larger consumers with a load of 1 MW and above. A factory in Gurgaon for instance can, in theory, at least, buy power from any provider in the country, or even from a short-term power market such as IEX at a lower rate, rather than from the default distributor which, in most cases, is owned by the state government.
But open access never really took off for one simple reason: the biggest loser in this deal — the default distributor — was also the one that controlled the wires leading to the customer. The company that controlled the pipes was entitled to a surcharge for allowing its infrastructure to be used to supply power — and while the surcharge was regulated, it was often set very high, making any open access deal financially unviable. While power sector regulators in each state were in theory independent and could set such surcharges at a level that was competitive, in many cases they did not and were heavily under the influence of the state government, which also happened to be the parent of the distribution company in question.
 
But even apart from the surcharges, the state government had effective control over the transmission infrastructure within the state boundaries and could simply block any flow of power to an open access buyer from the seller. "A big problem was that the state-owned incumbent blocked access to market to competitors — through influence over the network operator as also state regulators imposing very high cross-subsidy surcharge and additional surcharge on open access — both being owned by the state government," says Amit Kapur, partner with J Sagar Associates, a law firm.
What the new reforms aim to do is to take the physical wire network and move that into a separate company for a given region or area (say, south Delhi or north Mumbai). Within a given area, multiple distribution companies would be licenced to operate and offer power to consumers, with all of them having the right to supply power to a given consumer, while paying a set, common fee to the company which now owns the wires.
By separating 'carriage' and 'content' this way, the Act aims to level the playing field between an existing supplier in any area who also happens to own the pipes, and challengers who want to enter with cheaper costs and power contracts but are hampered from doing so because of the costs of building an entire network. Your local distribution company will then be only responsible for billing you for the power you used, and collecting money.
Will it Work?

Falling oil prices to make green power unattractiveFalling oil prices to make green power unattractive
IANS Dec 13, 2014, 04.03PM IST
Tags:
fossil fuel
(Oil prices tumbled below…)
LONDON: Falling global oil prices threaten to devalue the renewable sources of energy, thereby derailing the revolution in the sector, experts have warned.
Oil prices tumbled below $60 a barrel for the first time in more than five years Thursday - a fall of 44 per cent since June - and are forecast to fall further, The Independent reported Friday.
A new "era of cheap oil" would be good news for consumers and motorists, but the consequences for politics, industry and the climate could be even more radical, analysts said.
"Renewable energy subsidies have been mostly sold to the public on the basis of the economic benefits," said Peter Atherton, an energy analyst with Liberum Capital.
"But the economic arguments hinged on the idea that fossil fuel prices would get more expensive, while expensive renewable subsidies would be able to come down over time. That's looking doubtful now," he noted.
Anne Robinson, director of consumer policy at the uSwitch price comparison website, said: "More subsidies are likely to be needed (for green power ) as the gap between the cost of fossil fuel power and renewable power gets bigger."
The extra subsidies would have to be borne by households in the form of higher energy bills.
Sources of green energy such as solar and wind power have been banking on sharp increases in fossil fuel prices to become increasingly competitive and attract the huge amount of investment required to build renewable power plants . But that "economic case" is now in danger of being lost.
Oil prices have tumbled in recent months, with soaring US production greatly increasing supply as the global economic slowdown reduced demand.
Saudi Arabia has also played a part in the decrease in oil prices by preventing the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) from propping up prices by reducing production -- a move that reportedly aims to deprive Russia of much-needed income and to make it unprofitable to extract US oil reserves.
A consensus is growing that oil prices will remain low for at least the next couple of years and it is looking likely that the substantial jumps that had been forecast in the 2020s and 2030s will not materialise.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil Ministry wants fuel conservation to be introduced in school booksYou are here: Home > Collections
Oil Ministry wants fuel conservation to be introduced in school books
ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 09.01PM IST
Tags:
Dharmendra Pradhan
(Oil ministry will also…)
NEW DELHI: Fuel conservation will soon be introduced in school books as part of the government's effort to lower consumption and wastage of fossil fuels.
The ministry of petroleum and natural gas will write to the human resource development ministry in this regard, oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan said on Friday. The focus of this outreach programme will be students, homemakers, domestic helps, drivers and diesel genset users, he added.
The ministry will also launch a citizens' drive to connect with the masses on the issue as part of the annual Oil and Gas Conservation Fortnight, which will be held from January 16 through 31.
"India is importing over 75 per cent crude oil to meet domestic consumption. Therefore, generating awareness among consumers about judicious use of petroleum products needs to be a nationwide initiative," an official statement said.
The Conservation Fortnight will include activities such as technical seminars, symposiums, quizzes, painting competitions and marathons.
Pradhan said a national-level essay competition will be organised to propagate the message of conservation among students, while orientation programmes will be held for homemakers, domestic help and public transport drivers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Will clean up river Ganga in three years: Uma Bharti64
0
Allahabad: Union Minister Uma Bharti asserted that the Centre was committed to cleaning up Ganga within three years even as she voiced dismay over the extent of pollution after an inspection in Allahabad saying the people were getting only "effluents" and not "Ganga jal" from the river.
The Water Resources Minister said that she was looking forward to holding a meeting with the Uttar Pradesh government to discuss its plans as the state has to pay a key role in the efforts to cleanse the holy river.
"We are committed to cleaning up the Ganga in the next three years. Since a major part of the holy river's trajectory runs through UP, the help and cooperation of the state government will be obviously required. We are looking forward to a meeting with the UP government scheduled for December 20," Bharti said.
Bharti said "we are looking forward to make a visible difference in three years. We have a comprehensive three-step plan to clean up the Ganga".
#uma bharti #ganga #allahabad #uttar pradesh
The Union Minister was in the city to take stock of the quality of water at the holy Sangam - the confluence of Ganga, Yamuna and mythical river Saraswati - besides inspection of sewage treatment plants and drains through which waste water was being discharged directly into the river.
Bharti expressed grave concern over the discoloured water at the holy Sangam, for which authorities were recently rapped by the Allahabad High Court, and remarked "the reddish water gives an impression that Gangajal is not reaching Allahabad at all. The people are getting only effluents discharged upstream".
The Union Minister said "we are looking forward to make a visible difference in three years. We have a comprehensive three-step plan to clean up the Ganga".
Earlier this year, in an affidavit filed before the Supreme Court, an affidavit submitted by Bharti's ministry which has been renamed "Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation", had placed on record a three-phase action plan comprising "short term - a period of three years, medium term - a period of next five years and long term - a period of next ten years and more".
For the first, short-term phase, the affidavit had stated that "118 towns have been tentatively identified for necessary interventions to achieve total sanitation targets including water waste treatment and solid waste management".
Besides, the ministry had said that it had identified "seven river front locations" which included the holy city Hardwar, Allahabad and ancient temple town of Varanasi which is also the Lok Sabha constituency of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
10

Mahabharata  Ramayana great knowledge source on politics: LK Advani29
0
New Delhi: After Union Minister Sushma Swaraj favoured declaring Gita as "national scripture", veteran BJP leader LK Advani urged people to read Mahabharata and Ramayana saying the epics are a great source of knowledge on politics and morality.
Reminiscing his days during pre-independence era, the 87-year-old leader said his grandmother would ask him to read the 'Mahabharata' in parts and not entirely, as there is a myth that keeping the epic at home was jinxed.
"I believe no other epic than Mahabharata is a great source of pedagogy, great source of information on politics as well as moral teachings, unity and courage," he said.
Last week, Union Minister Sushma Swaraj had praised Bhagwad Gita saying it should be declared 'Rashtriya Granth'.
#mahabharata #ramayana #lk advani #bjp
The former deputy prime minister was speaking at a cultural programme and award ceremony to commemorate the 100th birth anniversary of noted journalist and chief of Urdu newspaper 'Daily Pratap', K Narendra.
Advani said as he had studied in a Christian missionary school he only knew how to speak Sindhi (his mother tongue) and English. He said he read Mahabharata, Ramayana and Bhagwat Gita in Sindhi and English, and only after independence he read them in Hindi.
He said overtime he feels more comfortable conversing and reading in Hindi.
Last week, External Affairs Minister Swaraj had praised Bhagwad Gita saying it should be declared 'Rashtriya Granth', drawing flak from some parties.
The awards were given away to felicitate journalists, social workers and public relations officers.
Among those who received the 'Media Ratna award' for excellence in the field of journalism include PTI Editor Ajay Kaul, Delhi Doordarshan's Girish Nishana, Gyanendra Pandey (Lok Sabha TV), Arvind Singh (Rajya Sabha TV), Sumit Awasthi (IBN-7), Dilbar Gothi (Navbharat Times), Prashant Mishra (Dainik Jagran), Shekhar Ghosh (Dainik Bhaskar).
Radio Jockeys Naved (Radio Mirchi) and Raunak (Red FM) were also feliciated for their popular radio programmes.
Those who recieved the 'Jansampark Ratna' award in the field of public relations, include Hemendra Singh (CISF), BC Khanduri (CRPF), Anuj Dayal (DMRC), Vivek Pandey (ITBP), Neeraj Sharma (Northern Railways), Mahesh Maurya (Delhi Government), Nemodhar (DDA), Rajan Bhagat (Delhi Police), among others.
The 'Samaj Seva Ratna' award for outstanding contribution in social work, was given away to Mahant Surendranath Avdhut (Vishwa Hindu Mahasangh), Mangeram Garg (Dharmyatra Mahasangh), Deepak Aggarwal, Ramkrishna Lohiya, among others.
During the function, differently-abled children from Renu Vidya Mandir, Sonipat and Sunrise Kids centre also gave dance performances. Delhi BJP MP Ramesh Bidhuri and Daily Pratap Editor Anil Narendra were also present during the award ceremony.
12

48 hours to GST FM trying hard | Credit growth at 4-month highGovernment readies to get states back GST; Arun Jaitley to meet state finance ministers
Deepshikha Sikarwar & Vinay Pandey, ET Bureau Dec 15, 2014, 07.55AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(The fiscal room created…)
NEW DELHI: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will hold discussions with state finance ministers over the next two days in a determined bid to seal a deal on goods & services tax (GST) that his ministry officials said is as close as it has ever been. The Modi government wants to ensure this key element of its economic reforms agenda can be put in place by April 1, 2016, as part of efforts to speed up growth.
The fiscal room created by the crash in crude oil prices has given Jaitley space to walk the extra mile in his bid to assure states they will not lose any revenue once the single levy is imposed, replacing a plethora of indirect taxes imposed by the Centre and states.
"Most states are on board. Just a couple have concerns and the minister will address those in meetings over Monday and Tuesday," a senior finance ministry official told ET.
With crude down to $60 per barrel, the finance ministry will make a big saving in fuel subsidies that were pegged at Rs 63,427 crore in FY14. These savings could be used to compensate states once the tax is rolled out.
The reform measure, which could add as much two percentage points to the country's GDP growth according to some estimates, has been stuck for almost five years because of the reluctance of states that fear losing both revenue and fiscal powers. The original rollout date was April 1, 2010.
The government is resolved to build a consensus on this measure by accommodating concerns of states but won't let recalcitrance of a handful — in case there are any holdouts, particularly over political considerations — derail process.
  "All states would benefit from GST," said another government official. "We have been discussing it for so many years... The empowered committee has also discussed it and formulated some views that are being taken on board."
The Centre is proposing to keep petroleum and entry tax within the ambit of the proposed levy, as it is keen to have a comprehensive GST. States have been demanding control over these levies. The finance minister will reiterate his assurance that states will be adequately compensated for the tax revenues they will lose to get them to drop their remaining objections.
Tax experts endorsed the urgency shown by the Centre after states raised the usual objections at the meeting of the empowered committee of state finance ministers last week.
"It is imperative that the constitutional amendment Bill is introduced in Parliament in this session to remove the uncertainty and (for) the focus to shift to creating law and procedures for an efficient and painless GST," said Bipin Sapra, partner, EY, referring to the legislation that needs to be approved for the GST process to move toward becoming reality.
Jaitley took a tough stand on the persistent delay over the same reasons as before at his meeting with state finance ministers last week. A smaller group was formed to help resolve the deadlock — Jaitley holding discussions with the head of the empowered committee, J&K Finance Minister Abdul Rahim Rather, along with his counterparts from Punjab and Gujarat.
This group made substantial progress on the issues. "We have made headway," Rather said after the meeting. Officials said most states are on board, including Karnataka and Kerala.
The constitutional amendment Bill will provide the legal framework for rolling out the levy, giving states power to tax both goods and services. As of now only the central government can impose service tax.
The amendment Bill will also create a GST council, a body that will have representatives of the states and the Centre that will take decisions on the tax after it is rolled out.
Prashant Deshpande, senior director, Deloitte, is circumspect in his expectations about the levy's introduction. "The first step is always a difficult step and putting in place a constitutional framework for the GST structure was that first step. But until then it is difficult to believe that India will walk the path of this all-important fiscal reform any time soon," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SlideShares Amit Ranjan roped in for Modi governments project on open appsYou are here: Home > Collections > Apps
SlideShare’s Amit Ranjan roped in for Narendra Modi government’s project on open apps
Pankaj Mishra, ET Bureau Dec 15, 2014, 08.03AM IST
Tags:
Infosys
BENGALURU: The Narendra Modi government has tapped Amit Ranjan, a technology entrepreneur who sold his startup to LinkedIn in 2012, to lead a project for opening all government technology systems as it looks to speed up creation of apps that can be deployed across the country, while avoiding expensive proprietary packages.
This comes five years after the previous UPA government got Infosys cofounder Nandan Nilekani to head an ambitious project to give every Indian a unique identity to ensure subsidies were better targeted and bring financial inclusion closer. The programme Nilekani began has been adopted by the Modi government as well.
Ranjan has accepted the offer "in principle", according to one of the several people familiar with the plan. He may start as early as February next year, reporting to the joint secretary (IT) Rajinder Kumar. The role involves leading a soon-to-be-created opensource organisation for government projects as its CEO.
Significantly, this could bring a fresh wave of technocrats and startup founders joining the government. India's Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DeitY) is beefing up its efforts to build a Github-like collection of software applications where various government departments and developers collaborate. More than 20 countries, including the US, UK, Canada and Australia are using Github to create such a bank of apps.
When contacted, Ram Sewak Sharma, the IT secretary, said the government is looking to involve outside talent, but did not comment on Ranjan's appointment. Ranjan hadn't responded to an email query as of press time on Sunday. "We will be willing to leverage talent from outside, volunteerism is being promoted and the government is already using public inputs in projects such as myGov.in," Sharma said.
  By looking to hire Ranjan, the government is signaling that it wants to engage with the country;s brightest engineering minds that are keen on use their problem-solving skills to resolve national-level issues. Ranjan along with sister Rashmi Sinha built SlideShare. They sold the slide-sharing site to LinkedIn for more than $100 million in 2012.
"Today, we have dozens of solutions solving the same problem in the government. We want to create an ecosystem of apps, where people will not have to go websites," said Sharma. "Overall, we want to build a secure, scalable, open platform that leverages the best technology available."
As reported by ET, government software applications are set to make the shift to open source, potentially boosting pace at which programmes are developed and put to use, and leading to millions of dollars in savings by moving away from proprietary systems.
A policy that calls for open-source software to be used as part of the Digital India initiative is being readied. The government is also planning to create a Github-like catalogue of programmes to be collaboratively developed. According to an early version of the 'Policy On Collaborative Application Development by Opening the Source Code of Government Applications', the source code of hundreds of custom applications run by various government bodies is to be shared and maintained in a common repository.
"Where India is today, in terms of its approach to open source, you need somebody like Amit for shaping the policy—he will need lessons from Nilekani in taking everybody along," said another person aware of discussions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex  Nifty plunge in early tradeUpdated: December 15, 2014 12:22 IST
Sensex pares initial losses
Tweet
The Hindu
BSE Sensex resumed lower at 27,181.18 and slid to 26,946.39, down by 373.17 points, or 1.37 per cent, on persistent selling. File photo
TOPICS
stock exchanges
BSE Sensex resumed lower at 27,136.28, and fluctuated between a high of 27,359.54 and a low of 27,105.04 before quoting at 27,331.18 at 1015 hrs.
BSE Sensex resumed lower at 27,136.28, and fluctuated between a high of 27,359.54 and a low of 27,105.04 before quoting at 27,331.18 at 1015 hrs.
The benchmark Sensex on Monday pared its initial hefty losses and was trading lower by 19.50 points.
It even made an attempt to claw its way back into positive terrain but slipped marginally in red on selling pressure in key bluechips from IT, Tech and Healthcare sectors.
Country’s largest software service firm TCS warned of weak December quarter on seasonality last Friday, after market hours, and this put pressure on market sentiment.
Also, lower factory output data along with subdued global markets amid falling crude prices, brought back nervousness, traders said.
The 30—share BSE Sensex resumed lower at 27,136.28, and fluctuated between a high of 27,359.54 and a low of 27,105.04 before quoting at 27,331.18 at 1015 hrs — a small loss of 19.50 or 0.07 per over its last close.
The NSE 50—share Nifty was also trading almost flat, down by a mere 0.10 points to quote at 8,224.
Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth net Rs 864.96 crore last Friday as per provisional data.
Major losers were TCS (3.24 per cent), Cipla (1.68 per cent), GAIL (1.63 per cent), Wipro (1.58 per cent), Infosys (1.00 per cent) and Dr Reddy’s (0.84 per cent).
Asian stocks were trading lower on continued slump in oil prices that stoked concerns of worsening global economic outlook.
Key indices in China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Indonesia, South Korea, Hong Kong and Taiwan were down 0.47 per cent to 1.31 per cent.

Prime Property: Real blow for K Raheja CorpLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Prime Property: Real blow for K Raheja Corp
Mumbai’s realty kingpin K Raheja Corp gets a jolt from the High Court as 30,000 sq meters allotted to it in 2003 when the Congress-NCP was in power is declared as illegal and arbitrary. The realty firm has built a mall and hotel here at a cost of Rs 450 crore. CNBC-TV18's Manasvi Ghelani has details.
Post your opinion here
Prime Property
Mumbai’s realty kingpin K Raheja Corp gets a jolt from the High Court as 30,000 sq meters allotted to it in 2003 when the Congress-NCP was in power is declared as illegal and arbitrary. The realty firm has built a mall and hotel here at a cost of Rs 450 crore. CNBC-TV18's Manasvi Ghelani has details.
Watch video for more…

Watch: Has anything changed since December 16  2012Pakistan doesn't seem to learn any lesson: Parrikar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Germany wins its tenth title in styleUpdated: December 15, 2014 01:56 IST
Germany wins its tenth title in style
Y.B. Sarangi
Tweet
The Hindu
Germany team poses for a photograph after winning the Champions Trophy Hockey tournament at Kalinga Stadium at Bhubaneswar on Sunday. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
TOPICS
Hockey
The Olympic champion rides a wave of support to beat Pakistan
Enjoying the strong backing of a partisan crowd of 7,000 in a city designed by German architect Otto Konigsberger, Olympic champion Germany made itself at home to see Pakistan off 2-0 in the final and lift the Champions Trophy at the Kalinga Stadium here on Sunday.
The World No.3 could not have asked for more as it ended the year by pocketing its 10th Champions Trophy crown. It had last won the tournament in 2007.
A tired and lacklustre India was beaten 2-1 by World champion Australia in the battle for third place.
This was the fifth Champions Trophy final involving Germany and Pakistan, and the previous time they had met in the summit clash was way back in 1994, when Pakistan had emerged champion through penalty shoot-outs in front of home supporters in Lahore.
In changed times, with both teams seeking to groom the youngsters in their squads in the run-up to the 2016 Rio Olympics, the duel assumed importance for different reasons.
Thanks to the plans of master tactician Markus Weise, Germany stifled the Asian Games silver medallist with some brilliant possession and strong marking.
Germany, which shrugged off a below-par start to beat fine teams like England and Australia in the knockout stage, checked Pakistan’s free-flowing style.
Pakistan, facing the spectators’ wrath in the wake of its players’ offensive behaviour the previous night, remained busy protecting its citadel all the time, and could not manage a even a single meaningful attempt at the German goal in the opening 30 minutes.
Led by the effervescent Florian Fuchs upfront, Germany built constant pressure on the rival post, and drew first blood in the 18th minute when Christopher Wesley scored off a rebound following a penalty corner. Germany maintained its stranglehold throughout and created several chances before Fuchs completed a spectacular solo to make it 2-0 three minutes before the hooter.
The Germans celebrated with seconds to go, and thanked the crowd for their overwhelming support.
India, which had to settle for the fourth place for the second consecutive time, was mentally and physically drained after its nerve-wracking semifinal loss to Pakistan on Saturday. It could hardly make an impact in the first half and conceded a goal.
Jacob Whetton fed captain Eddie Ockenden inside the Indian circle with a back-pass and the latter slotted home the World No.1 team’s first goal in the 18th minute.
The Aussies kept things tight but the host managed to earn a breakthrough from its second penalty corner. Lalit Upadhyay scored in the third quarter.
The Indian midfield got into some rhythm, and the forwards worked hard to invade the Aussie circle on many occasions. However, wayward shots and untidy finishing did not help the team.
Australia got the winner when Matt Ghodes found the target in the 52nd minute.
The results:
Final: Germany 2 (Christopher Wesley 18, Florian Fuchs 57) bt Pakistan 0.
Third place: Australia 2 (Eddie Ockenden 18, Matt Ghodes 52) bt India 1 (Lalit Upadhyay 42).
Fifth place: Netherlands 4 (Mink van der Weerden 47, Jeroen Hertzberger 55, 58, Constantijn Jonker 56) bt Argentina 1 (Matias Paredes 19). Seventh place: England 3 (David Condon 14, 19, Chris Griffiths 30) bt Belgium 2 (Florent van Aubel 10, 39).

6 hours into siege  3 flee fromcafeBy: Associated Press | Sydney |
Posted: December 15, 2014 11:19 am | Updated: December 15, 2014 12:28 pm
Three people ran out a fire exit of a Sydney cafe where a gunman took an unknown number of people hostage at the height of Monday morning rush hour. Two people inside the cafe were seen holding up a flag containing an Islamic declaration of faith.
Check live updates here: Sydney LIVE
New South Wales Police Deputy Commissioner Catherine Burn confirmed that the three people “have now emerged from the location” where the hostage crisis had been unfolding for more than six hours.
“The first thing that we are doing is making sure that they are OK. We will then establish who they are and then we will continue to work with them,” Burn said.
“We do not have any information that suggests that anybody is harmed at this stage,” she added.
The three people were seen on live video footage bolting out of the door past heavily armed police and then disappearing around a corner.
The development came six hours after a gunman entered the Lindt Chocolat Cafe in Martin Place, a plaza in the heart of the city’s financial and shopping district that is packed with holiday shoppers this time of year. Many of those inside the cafe would have been taken hostage as they stopped in for their morning coffees.
New South Wales state Police Commissioner Andrew Scipione said police did not know the gunman’s motivation and were not sure how many people were being held inside.
“We have not yet confirmed it is a terrorism-related event,” Scipione said. “We’re dealing with a hostage situation with an armed offender and we are dealing with it accordingly.”
Burn said that police negotiators have made contact with the gunman.
Hundreds of police flooded into the area, streets were closed and offices evacuated. The public was told to stay away from Martin Place, home to the state premier’s office, the Reserve Bank of Australia, and the headquarters of two of the nation’s largest banks. The state parliament house is a few blocks away.
Television footage shot through the cafe’s windows showed several people with their arms in the air and hands pressed against the glass, and two people holding up a black flag with the Shahada, or Islamic declaration of faith, written on it.
The Shahada translates as “There is no God but Allah and Muhammad is His messenger.” It is considered the first of Islam’s five pillars of faith, and is similar to the Lord’s Prayer in Christianity. It is pervasive throughout Islamic culture, including the green flag of Saudi Arabia. Jihadis have expropriated the Shahada in their own black flag.
“We don’t know whether this is politically motivated, although obviously there are some indications that it could be,” Prime Minister Tony Abbott told reporters in the nation’s capital, Canberra. “We have to appreciate that even in a society such as ours, there are people who would wish to do us harm.”
Heavily armed officers were lined up outside the cafe, and a man with a backpack inside the cafe could be seen walking back and forth in front of the glass doors.
“Police have been in attendance and have controlled the situation from very early this morning,” said Scipione, the police commissioner. “We are at this stage continuing to secure and make sure that we are doing all we can to bring this to a peaceful outcome.” Abbott said the National Security Committee of Cabinet met to be briefed on the situation.
“The whole point of politically motivated violence is to scare people out of being themselves,” Abbott said. “Australia is a peaceful, open and generous society _ nothing should ever change that. And that’s why I would urge all Australians today to go about their business as usual.”

Korea: Sales of macadamias soar after nut rage in KoreanAirBy: Associated Press | Seoul |
Posted: December 15, 2014 11:14 am
South Korean online retailers say demand for macadamia nuts has skyrocketed after a Korean Air Lines executive delayed a plane over an incident now dubbed “nut rage.”
Auction, a South Korean unit of eBay, said Monday that sales of macadamias surged nearly 1,200 percent during the five days to Sunday without any sales promotions. The website of e-commerce firm Coupang showed Mauna Loa macadamia nuts were out of stock.
Cho Hyun-ah, the daughter of Korean Air’s chairman, forced a flight attendant off a December 5 flight after she was served bagged macadamia nuts, not on a plate.
She resigned from executive roles including head of cabin service amid a storm of criticism. Cho’s over-mighty behavior hogged headlines in local media and spawned parodies on the Internet in the past week.

Kanye laid down rules when we started dating: KimKardashianBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: December 15, 2014 11:01 am
Reality TV star Kim Kardashian has revealed that her rapper husband Kanye West laid down some strict rules when the duo started dating each other.
The 34-year-old star said when she started dating West, 37, it was a ‘rude’ step to bring phones on their date, reported Daily Mirror.
“When we first started dating it was rude if we brought our phones with us out, so l learned from him not to bring my phone,” she said.
The ‘Keeping Up With the Kardashians’ star said at their wedding they asked people not to bring their phones so they could “enjoy the moment”. “During our wedding we asked that everyone, not for privacy reasons but just for everyone to live and enjoy the moment, to leave our phones and everyone called us afterwards and said it was the best thing they’ve ever done,” she said.
Kim Kardashian and West started dating in 2012 and have a 17-month-old daughter North.

Sydney siege: Three hostages escape; police say contact made with gunmanChristmas
(Australia, a staunch ally…)
SYDNEY: Five people have fled from a Sydney cafe where a gunman took an unknown number of hostages at the height of Monday morning rush hour. Two people inside the cafe were earlier seen holding up a flag containing an Islamic declaration of faith.
The first development came six hours after the hostage crisis began, when three men were seen running from a fire exit of the Lindt Chocolat Cafe in downtown Sydney.
Shortly afterward, two women, one after another, sprinted from the cafe and into the arms of heavily armed police. Both were wearing aprons with the Lindt chocolate logo, indicating they were cafe employees.
"We do not have any information that suggests that anybody is harmed at this stage," New South Wales Police Deputy Commissioner Catherine Burn said, after the first three hostages had emerged.
St. Vincent's hospital spokesman David Faktor said a male hostage was in a satisfactory condition in the hospital's emergency department. He was the only one of the freed hostages to be taken to a hospital.
"He's in a satisfactory condition, so he's sitting up and that's all we can give out. We can't talk about the reason for his presentation," Faktor said.
It was not clear how many people remained inside the cafe located at Martin Place, a plaza in the heart of the city's financial and shopping district that is packed with holiday shoppers this time of year. Many of those inside the cafe would have been taken hostage as they stopped in for their morning coffees.
New South Wales state Police Commissioner Andrew Scipione said police did not know the gunman's motivation.
"We have not yet confirmed it is a terrorism-related event," Scipione said. "We're dealing with a hostage situation with an armed offender and we are dealing with it accordingly."
Burn said that police negotiators have made contact with the gunman.
Hundreds of police flooded into the area, streets were closed and offices evacuated. The public was told to stay away from Martin Place, home to the state premier's office, the Reserve Bank of Australia, and the headquarters of two of the nation's largest banks. The state parliament house is a few blocks away.
Watch: Sydney hostage crisis: Black flag with Arabic writing spotted in cafe window
Television footage shot through the cafe's windows showed several people with their arms in the air and hands pressed against the glass, and two people holding up a black flag with the Shahada, or Islamic declaration of faith, written on it.
The Shahada translates as "There is no God but Allah and Muhammad is His messenger." It is considered the first of Islam's five pillars of faith, and is similar to the Lord's Prayer in Christianity. It is pervasive throughout Islamic culture, including the green flag of Saudi Arabia. Jihadis have expropriated the Shahada in their own black flag.
"We don't know whether this is politically motivated, although obviously there are some indications that it could be," Prime Minister Tony Abbott told reporters in the nation's capital, Canberra.
Heavily armed officers were lined up outside the cafe, and a man with a backpack inside the cafe could be seen walking back and forth in front of the glass doors.
"Police have been in attendance and have controlled the situation from very early this morning," said Scipione, the police commissioner.
Lindt Australia posted a message on its Facebook page thanking the public for its support.
"We are deeply concerned over this serious incident and our thoughts and prayers are with the staff and customers involved and all their friends and families," the company wrote.
The government raised Australia's terror warning level in September in response to the domestic threat posed by supporters of the Islamic State group. Counterterror law enforcement teams later conducted dozens of raids and made several arrests in Australia's three largest cities _ Melbourne, Sydney and Brisbane. One man arrested during a series of raids in Sydney was charged with conspiring with an Islamic State leader in Syria to behead a random person in downtown Sydney.
The Islamic State group, which now holds a third of Syria and Iraq, has threatened Australia in the past. In September, Islamic State group spokesman Abu Mohammed al-Adnani issued an audio message urging so-called "lone wolf" attacks abroad, specifically mentioning Australia. Al-Adnani told Muslims to kill all "disbelievers," whether they be civilians or soldiers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Anil Ambani sells multiplex unit to CarnivalAnil Ambani's Reliance Group sells multiplex unit to Carnival
PTI Dec 15, 2014, 10.35AM IST
Tags:
Anil Ambani
(Anil Ambani-led Reliance…)
NEW DELHI: Anil Ambani-led Reliance Group has sold its Big Cinemas multiplex business to South India-based Carnival Group in a deal estimated at Rs 700 crore - the biggest ever in this sector.
The deal excludes certain real estate assets in Mumbai and other properties valued at about Rs 200 crore, which the Group's financial services arm Reliance Capital plans to sell separately as part of plans to exit from non-core businesses and lower its debt.
The Carnival transaction will reduce Reliance Capital's leverage by approximately Rs 700 crore, through a combination of transfer of debt of Reliance MediaWorks and an infusion of cash proceeds, the two companies said in a joint statement.
The firms did not disclose the exact value of the deal, but sources said the transaction that involves debt transfers too, could be worth Rs 700 crore.
Reliance Capital CEO Sam Ghosh said the deal is in furtherance of its "stated objective of focusing purely on its core financial services businesses, significantly reducing exposure to non-core investments in the media and entertainment sector, and reducing overall debt."
The deal will make Carnival the third-largest multiplex operator with nationwide presence and over 300 screens. Other major players in this business include PVR and INOX.
Reliance Capital will retain an option to acquire a stake in pre-IPO stage "at an appropriate discount" whenever Carnival goes for a listing.
The properties excluded from today's deal, struck by Reliance Capital unit Reliance MediaWorks, include IMAX Wadala multiplex's real estate assets in Mumbai.
Reliance Capital is the parent firm of Reliance MediaWorks, which operates one of the largest cinema chains, under the brand 'BIG Cinemas' with over 250 screens pan-India.
Carnival Group chairman Shrikant Bhasi said it's targeting to achieve "1,000 screens by the year 2017".
The proposed transaction is subject to necessary statutory and other approvals and is expected to be closed within the current financial year.
Reliance Capital had recently announced plans to focus on core business and is in the process of encashing its minority investments.
It also recently exited from day-to-day operations of its global film and media services business by merging its global film and media services business with Prime Focus.
The deal created the world's largest media services power house, with an order pipeline of Rs 2,000 crore, over 5,500 employees and operations in the US, UK, Canada, China and Singapore, besides India.
Reliance MediaWorks and Prime Focus promoters infused fresh equity capital of Rs 120 crore each into Prime Focus.
Reliance Cap is also in talks with 2-3 international investors to sell its 16 per cent stake in leading travel portal Yatra.com for an estimated Rs 500 crore.
Shares of Reliance Capital today closed 0.86 per cent down at Rs 520.85 apiece on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex in red: MMTC down 7%; Kotak bank slips over 4%; Jaypee Infratech down 4%Sensex rangebound; tech, metals, capital goods down; top 10 stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 15, 2014, 11.04AM IST
Tags:
IIFL
(The Nifty will look at taking…)
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex is tradng in a range with a negative bias led by losses in technology, metals and capital goods sectors. The trend is expected to remain rangebound with negative bias in absence of cues from global peers.
"The weakness which was witnessed last week is likely to continue at least at start. Oil prices fell over 2 per cent on concerns about a supply glut and slower global growth. Weak oil prices could eventually affect even countries like India, says a report," said IIFL report.
The Nifty will look at taking support around the 8,177 levels. Macro data released after market hours on Friday will have some impact," the report added.
At 11:02 am, the Sensex was at 27,315.61; down 35.07 points.
The Nifty was at 8,220.65; down 3.45 points.
Tata Consultancy Services plunged as much as 4.04 per cent in trade on Monday, after the country's largest software services firm expects its revenue in the October-December 2014 quarter to be 'in line with seasonal trends'.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
TCS Ltd: Tata Consultancy Services, India's largest information technology outsourcing company said it expects a seasonally weak third quarter, because of the holiday season in its key markets impacting some of its main verticals.
Tata Motors Ltd: Global wholesales, including those of Jaguar Land Rover, went up 2.4 per cent in November 2014 to 83,906 vehicles compared with the year-ago period.
ONGC: State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) announced three new oil and gas discoveries in Krishan Godavari Basin and Mumbai offshore and said it will pay its shareholders an interim dividend of 100 per cent.
Coal India: With the stock market appearing to lose steam in the past few days and key global financial markets headed for year-end holidays, the government has decided to defer big-ticket disinvestments in Coal India and ONGC until January.
Alstom T&D India Ltd: The company has received orders worth around 32 million euros (Rs 247 crore) from Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company to build 400/220 kV grid substations at Kudus, Alkud and Kondhwain in the state.
Oil India Ltd: Oil India Ltd, the second largest state explorer, has signed contract for two offshore oil and gas blocks it had bagged in Myanmar.
GMR Hyderabad International Airport Limited, a subsidiary of GMR Infrastructure Limited, has acquired remaining 44.61 per cent stake owned by Malaysia Aerospace Engineering SDN BHD (MAE) in MAS GMR Aerospace Engineering Company Limited (MGAE), as per stock market disclosure.
Whirlpool of India: Consumer durables major Whirlpool will open 15 showrooms for built-in kitchen appliances across the country in the next one year as part of its plans to log Rs 200 crore turnover by 2017-2018 for the new category.
Financial Technologies Ltd: Indian Energy Exchange is in talks with its erstwhile promoter FTIL, which is in the process of exiting the bourse, for buying out the application software and other solutions used for its trading platform.
Maruti Suzuki Ltd: Auto manufacturers are set to increase prices in January, blaming it on rising costs. Maruti Suzuki will increase prices after 14 months, the longest in the history of the nation's largest carmaker by sales.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Your personal information has been hacked. Now what do you doDec 15, 2014 at  10:31am IST
Your personal information has been hacked. Now what do you do?
24
0
San Francisco: Criminals stole personal information from tens of millions of Americans in data breaches this past year.
Of those affected, one in three may become victims of identity theft, according to research firm Javelin. Whether shopping, banking or going to the hospital, Americans are mostly at the mercy of companies to keep their sensitive details safe.
But there are steps you can take to protect yourself against the financial, legal and emotional impact of identity theft - and most of them are free:
Here are some steps you can take to protect yourself against the financial, legal and emotional impact of identity theft - and most of them are free.
#hacking #data breaches
As a rule:
- Closely guard your social security numbers - and those of your children - as well as credit and debit card information and account passwords.
- Shred unneeded financial records and credit offers.
Detective work:
- Examine credit card bills for irregularities each month.
- Get a free credit report once a year from at least one of the major reporting agencies (Equifax, Experian, TransUnion), and review it for unauthorized accounts. Ignore services that charge a fee for credit reports. You can order them without charge at www.annualcreditreport.com . If you order from each agency once a year, you could effectively check your history every four months.
Do paid services work?
- Some experts say there's not much to be gained from a paid credit monitoring service. But if a business sends you a notice of a data breach, it can't hurt to sign up for any monitoring they offer for free. These services will tell you if a new account is opened in your name, but they won't prevent it, and many don't check for things like bogus cellphone accounts or fraudulent applications for government benefits. Some do offer limited insurance or help from a staffer trained to work with credit issuers and reporting agencies.
Someone stole my identity, what do I do?
- The Federal Trade Commission recommends immediately notifying one of the credit agencies and requesting a 90-day credit alert. (Each reporting agency is supposed to notify the others, but you may want to contact all three yourself.) The alert tells businesses to contact you before opening any new accounts in your name. You can renew the alert every 90 days, or you're entitled to keep it in effect for seven years if you've filed an identity theft report with police.
- Contact the credit issuer to dispute fraudulent charges and have the bogus account closed.
- Request your credit report and ask the reporting agencies to remove bogus accounts or any incorrect information from your record. Consider asking the reporting agencies to place a full freeze on your credit. This blocks any business from checking your credit to open a new account, so it's a stronger measure than a credit alert. But you should weigh that against the hassle of notifying credit agencies to lift the freeze - which can take a few days - every time you apply for a loan, open a new account or even sign up for utility service.
- Submit a report through the FTC website: www.consumer.ftc.gov . Click the "privacy & identity" tab, which will walk you through creating an affidavit you can show to creditors.
- Keep copies of all reports and correspondence. Use certified mail to get delivery receipts, and keep notes on every phone call.
13

Finding about cheating was like death: KatiePriceBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: December 15, 2014 11:50 am
Singer Katie Price says when she came to know about her husband Kieran Hayler’s affair with her friends, she felt like killing herself.
The 36-year-old former glamour model said she was left devastated when she found out that Hayler cheated on her with her two best friends Chrissy Thomas and Jane Pountneyo earlier this year, reported Contactmusic.
“I was grieving. It felt like there had been a death.
Finding out Kieran was cheating was like a death and I’ve had to grieve, but you have to ride through it, deal with it and get through it. I’m through the pain now,” she said.
The ‘Free to Love Again’ hitmaker and Hayler are planning to renew their wedding vows in coming months.
Price has kids Harvey, 12, Princess, nine, and Junior, seven, from earlier relationships, 16-month-old Jett and four-month-old Bunny with Hayler.

Lisa Kudrow slams SonyexecutivesBy: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles |
Posted: December 15, 2014 11:41 am
Actress-producer Lisa Kudrow has slammed Sony executives for their choice of words about some of the famous Hollywood A-listers, which was leaked online after it was hacked.
The 51-year-old star was not targeted in any of the e-mails but she was disappointed with the people who described Angelina Jolie as a “minimally talented spoiled brat” and others who were criticized, reported Us Weekly.
“How come I know you don’t write anything you don’t want broadcast in an email? How come I know that? Who’s advising these people?
“It doesn’t matter how many times an email says ‘This is confidential, meant for just between the sender and the recipient. Why don’t we know that there are no rules?
Everything is broadcast and published. That’s the part I just don’t understand,” Kudrow said.
Sony Pictures Entertainment’s co-chairwoman Amy Pascal said in a statement, “The content of my emails to Scott were insensitive and inappropriate but are not an accurate reflection of who I am.
“Although this was a private communication that was stolen, I accept full responsibility for what I wrote and apologize to everyone who was offended.”
Hollywood celebrities like Joel McHale, Jennifer Lawrence, Kevin Hart and Aaron Sorkin were among those people who were also criticized.

Pakistan hand New Zealand 147-run defeat in Sharjah  lead series2-1By: Reuters |
Posted: December 15, 2014 11:20 am | Updated: December 15, 2014 1:04 pm
Pakistan smashed their third highest one-day total of 364 in a crushing 147-run win over New Zealand to move 2-1 up in the five-match series on Sunday.
Ahmed Shehzad notched an intelligent 113 for his sixth one-day ton and stand-in captain Shahid Afridi bludgeoned a trademark 55 off 26 balls to propel Pakistan to the best ODI score seen in Sharjah in 218 matches, and with three wickets to spare.
Afridi was back in charge with Misbah-ul-Haq out injured and although his innings was full of his usual array of crunching shots, Pakistan also showed a rare ability to nurdle singles at almost every opportunity and cut out the silly strokes.
Only Nathan McCullum went for less than six an over for New Zealand, although Matt Henry took three wickets, and their reply of 217 all out with the bat was equally ineffective as they lost wickets at regular intervals.
They were never in the running to match Pakistan’s mammoth total although in-form captain Kane Williamson, who starred in the Black Caps’ win in Friday’s second ODI, again put up a fight with a brisk 46 before being caught and bowled by Haris Sohail.
The fourth and fifth matches takes place in Abu Dhabi on Wednesday and Friday as the sides continue their build up for February and March’s World Cup in Australia.

Wipro spending $200 mn on next generation pl...You are here: Home > Collections > Wipro
Wipro spending $200 million on building next generation platforms
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Dec 15, 2014, 11.31AM IST
(Wipro's revenue for the…)
BENGALURU: Wipro is spending more than $200 million annually on building next generation platforms that focus on disruptive technologies including cognitive technologies, automation and machine-to-machine learning as the country's third-largest software firm seeks to edge out competition in winning large deals.
Over the past two years, the company has ploughed $400 million in developing about ten intelligent solutions, some of which it has started using internally and a few it is using for customers, said a senior executive. "Wipro has significantly stepped up its funding of the R&D projects in the last couple of years," said Chief Technology Officer KR Sanjiv. "This is to not just ensure that we become the next generation services firm of future, but also to be future-ready for our customers," said Sanjiv, declining to put a number. But he said the company invests more than the industry average in these initiatives.
This focus on building intelligent platforms coincides with the stint of Rishad Premji, son of Chairman Azim Premji, as head of strategy, making some believe the younger Premji could be potentially driving this change at the Bengaluru based company.
Incidentally, it was Azim Premji who brought Tata Consultancy Services veteran Satishchandra Doreswamy, now chief business operations officer at Wipro, in 2011 to help transform the company by putting together a team of engineers to focus on these technological platforms. Wipro's thrust on building internal intellectual property-led platforms comes at a time when cross-town rival Infosys, under new Chief Executive Vishal Sikka, too is aggressively talking about building platforms.
Homegrown technology companies invest on an average 2-3% of revenue on building platforms. Wipro's revenue for the fiscal through March 2014 was $6.7 billion, and if it invests more than the industry average, it is putting in $200 million every year in new solutions.
Wipro is now a team of "hundreds of engineers and research scien tists", according to Sanjiv. His mandate is to focus on three key themes: cognitive technology, machine-to-machine learning and in building smart devices.
According to some experts, information technology companies are investing internally in building these solutions because of the desire to win large outsourcing deals as every customer is looking to its IT vendor to bring in more valuegeneration business rather than merely maintaining the back-end technology infrastructure.
Doreswamy last month told ET that Wipro's energy and utilities vertical managed to bag its $1.2 billion, 10-year outsourcing deal with Canadian utilities firm ATCO on account of the "transformational benefits" it could help offer.
"(Two other) examples of Wipro's solutions are Base and Fixomatic suite of tools," said Tom Reuner of London-based IT research firm Ovum. "The direction of this journey is to protect margins by automating low-level tasks while hiring and retaining talent for value-creating activities."
Reuner and other experts said the focus of software exporters on intelligent solutions is also driven by their desire to increase revenue without increasing headcount.
In September, ET reported about Wipro's plans to start with its most ambitious reorganisation exercise, under which it aims to become a leaner 1,00,000-strong company from the current levels of 1,52,000 in three years.
The company plans to do this without resorting to mass layoffs but by "selectively filling" in roles of executives who leave.
As Wipro seeks to embrace automation and artificial intelligence, the company can do away with engineers who are currently doing basic-level repetitive work. Already, Wipro has started using, internally, a cognitive platform for its help desk system, thereby simplifying work process for employees. One other intelligent technology platform which the company has started work on for its retail clients is "Wipro Sight".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Single checks for ecomm may boost online pay...CITRUS PAY
(Digital payments in India…)
BENGALURU: Electronic payment companies like PayU, Citrus Pay, Oxigen and Mobikwik are seeing an opportunity in the Reserve Bank of India's initiative to adopt single-factor authentication for small-ticket e-commerce transactions, as this step is likely to boost the micropayment and mobile payment industry.
Digital payments in India are expected to touch Rs 1,200 crore by the end of this year, up 40% from a year ago, owing to higher Internet penetration, growth in e-commerce and ease of online payments.
The move to allow single-factor authentication for small e-commerce transactions is expected to further encourage mini transactions online, boosting consumption of digital content, subscriptions and application stores.
"The RBI is now experimenting and giving an opportunity to the emerging needs of the market," said Satyen V Kothari, founder of Citrus Pay. "We are anticipating a fall in the drop off rates and subsequent increase in the use of payment gateways for small payments."
RBI deputy governor H R Khan has said the apex bank is looking at creating a system where two-factor authentication can be avoided. "Maybe we will go for a small amount where we need not have second factor authentication. That amount could be (Rs) 1,000, 2,000 or 3,000," he had said at Inclusive Finance India Global Summit last week.
The RBI is expected to notify the norms for single-factor authentication, including the upper limit for payment, this month.
At present, banks and financial institutions in India use two-step authentication, which includes the four-digit personal identification number (PIN) and a secure code, or the one-time password (OTP). The process is often seen as cumbersome for mini transactions.
"This flexibility will encourage innovation and is a boom to the payment infrastructure," said Sanjay Swamy, managing partner at AngelPrime. "However, I believe this will be made optional for the end user to decide if he or she would like to avail of this service or not."
However, the risk involved cannot be brushed aside. Companies believe that the two-factor problem cannot have a single solution and an option will definitely be given to merchants to check on small payment frauds.
"Liability can be more on the merchant's side, as he will now have access to compromised data," said Nitin Gupta, cofounder of PayU. "Small payment frauds, which were say may be about 0.05%, can rise to 1.2%. Hence, the merchants will have to employ tools and the customer will bear the cost."
Wallet companies, on the other hand, are anticipating a change in user behaviour in terms of amount of money they will start uploading into their wallets. "We do see failures in the amount of money new users will be uploading," said Bipin Preet Singh, founder of Mobikwik. "With new users coming in, the amount of money to be added onto the wallet will fall."
  The micropayment industry, however, will see new users exploring the space and initiating more transactions online. "Users prefer simple and easy purchase and exit," said Vishal Anand, chief product officer at NewsHunt. "As a result, we have 80-85% of the people opting for operator billing, which is simple and all it needs is your mobile number. We may see a rise in card usage once this system is implemented and our product will evolve."
Furthermore, banks such as ICICI and SBI have also started to look at single authentication process and are launching Near Field Communication-enabled cards for their customers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Startups bite off big mumbers off big compan...Infosys, TCS and IBM face competition from startups
Peerzada Abrar, ET Bureau Dec 15, 2014, 11.21AM IST
Tags:
Biocon
(A clutch of technology startups…)
BENGALURU: A clutch of technology startups is heating up competition for established players like Infosys, TCS, IBM and Mu Sigma in the data analytics market, using cutting-edge technology to wean away big customers in the healthcare, retail and banking sectors.
This shift in the data analytics market is being propelled by innovations that make scientific discoveries possible, predict customer purchase behavior and help fight financial crime.
Gramener, a data visualisation startup, is helping GVK Biosciences turn scientific data into images, based on cognitive research tools that help human eye find important messages quickly resulting in actionable decisions. "Gramener's visualisation tools and algorithms are very useful in our drug repurposing analytics work," says Nandu Gattu, vice-president of GVK Biosciences. "Visualisation tools are helping to explore the unexplored."
In Bengaluru, InterpretOmics is helping India's largest biotechnology company, Biocon, to mine hidden insights from troves of genetic data to develop the next generation pharmaceutical ingredients.
Experts like Sharad Sharma, co-founder of software product think tank iSpirt, said he is seeing a big shift where businesses are moving away from traditional players. Instead, they are trying out data analytics startups to mine hidden insights. "This is democratising the power of big data," said Sharma. "This shift is creating a disruption by limiting the market opportunity of traditional data analytics players."
For instance, when Indian consumer electronics retail chain Croma went online to tap India's booming ecommerce, it explored many of the traditional recommendation companies in the space. It found them basing their analysis on a history of customer clicks and purchase history .
"We were dealing with the problem of plenty . New products weren't getting the proper attention unless we manually promoted them," says Ajit Joshi, CEO at Tata Sons-owned subsidiary Infiniti Retail, which owns the Croma brand.
It is then that Croma approached analystics startup Infinite Analytics whose recommendation engine got implemented in a month and delivered immediate results. Post Diwali, one-fourth of the online revenues came because of this technology. "These are really powerful insights," said Joshi of Infiniti Retail whose orders with recommendations have accounted for about one-third of overall orders.
"We are taking away the business from large traditional players," said Akash Bhatia, who cofounded Infinite Analytics two years ago along with his classmate at MIT, Purushotham Botla.
  Bhatia and Botla converted a classroom project at MIT into a big data technology startup after being mentored by the World Wide Web inventor Tim BernersLee. It has bagged clients like Future Group, publisher of women's fiction Harlequin and online retailer Trendin.com, part of Indian multinational Aditya Birla Group.
Startups like Xurmo Technologies -founded by IIT Madras alumnus Sridhar Gopalakrishnan -is helping US-based Fishbowl, which provides analytics solutions for restaurant chains, to reduce product development time. The platform helps Fishbowl learn the behavioural habits of customers at restaurants and predict insights like where the chain should open their next store. "Xurmo's ability to manage big data and library of machine learning algorithms lets us focus on rapidly building and deploying analytics apps for our customers," says Dev Ganesan, CEO of Fishbowl.
Another young firm, iCreate, is providing real-time business intelligence and analytics to multinational banks like Bank of America and The Saudi Investment Bank.
The growth of these young firms is pushing traditional tech players to start engaging with these startups as new big data innovations become strategic for their clients. their clients.
IBM is partnering with 100 startups across India as it looks to tap innovations in areas like big data analytics. "We have realised that we cannot solve these problems by ourselves. It is about coming out with innovative technologies very quickly and you can't take your own sweet time," says Karthik Padmanabhan, ecosystem development leader for IBM in India & South Asia.
For example, Big Blue is now partnering with the Thiruvananthapuram-based startup Senzit that uses data analytics to speed up the criminal justice system by capturing and archiving live events from crime scenes. It is also is working with Algo Engines, which brings efficiency in wind turbines and solar plants for GE and Suzlon by analysing sensor data.
"We are witnessing another wave in the big data industry led by these Indian startups. They have developed self-customisable decision tools. You can use them anywhere, whether you are in Bellary or Belgium," says Sharma of iSpirt. "The era of bespoke decision systems is over," he pointed out.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee makes day s low of 62.73 versus dollarYou are here: Home > Collections
Rupee weak against US dollar
PTI Dec 15, 2014, 11.39AM IST
Tags:
dollar
(The rupee after falling…)
Mumbai: The rupee made day's low of 62.73 against the US dollar to trade at over 10-month low against the greenback due to increased demand for the US currency from importers and a weak opening in domestic equity markets.
Forex dealers said besides fresh demand from importers for the American unit at the Interbank Foreign Exchange here, a lower opening in the domestic equity market after industrial output contracted by 4.2 per cent in October -- the sharpest decline in at least two years -- put pressure on the rupee.
Besides, dollar's gains against other currencies overseas weighed on the rupee, they added.
The rupee after falling to over ten-month low of 62.50 against the greenback, bounced back to end 4 paise higher at 62.29 on Friday on selling of dollars by state-run banks on behalf of the RBI.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Only real deep rate cut can lead to10% growth: KV KamathIf the economy has to really get back to 10 percent trajectory, rate cut will have to be much deeper than what has being discussed so far
KV Kamath
non-executive Chairman
Infosys
In a CNBC-TV18 exclusive, KV Kamath, non-executive chairman,  ICICI Bank says that government signals are not transmitting to the ground and to get growth back the country will need much deeper rate cuts.
According to him, the twin deficits are now under control and there is no worry on that front. “I think inflation is also on a downward trend and now you have growth which is also negative which ought not to have been. So I would think all the ingredients for a rate cut are there,” Kamath adds.
He further says that the call is entirely on the Reserve Bank of India now, and if the economy has to really get back to 10 percent trajectory, rate cut will have to be much deeper than what has being discussed so far.
Kamath believes the signals are all right but the transmission of the signal to entreprenuer has not yet happened.
“You do not need to look afar for that because lot of things that the entreprenuer, company would actually like to see are not yet done, that’s work in process, so work in process is taking a little longer than anticipated and I am sure it will happen,” says Kamath.
ICICI Bank stock price
On January 02, 2015, ICICI Bank closed at Rs 362.60, up Rs 9.90, or 2.81 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 366.30 and the 52-week low was Rs 188.85.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 18.21 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 19.91. The latest book value of the company is Rs 126.38 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.87.
RELATED NEWS

Sun Pharma good bet  target Rs 875: Hemant Thukral08:00 am
Hemant Thukral of Aditya Birla Money told CNBC-TV18, "Pharma and healthcare is the only space which is showing that it will be up so called defensives and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries  looks to be a good bet with a target of Rs 875. Apart from that I really would like to buy some of the banks which are still showing some strength, something like Kotak Mahindra Bank ."
"It has outperformed the whole banking index itself and continues to show that strength, even a high beta stock something like Karnataka Bank  which has been an outperformer. However, the only thing is that with Nifty coming off, you will see some profit taking in banking
stocks also. However, I have a feeling that they will lead the rally back. So, banking should be the second best post pharma if you want to play for that pull back rally," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Is this the cure for work stressWise Up | 10 November 2014
Is this the answer to office stress?
David G Allan
Read more about these links.
Here’s a radical proposal: Start your new meditation habit at work. (Thinkstock)
Have you read the latest study about meditation? Probably not, because even as you read this sentence another has likely come out.  There is a steady stream of new research and news stories about the benefits of meditation and other mindful breathing practices. As they report, meditation boosts energy, helps with focus, reduces stress and anxiety, increases resilience and possibly, subtly, changes your life and your brain for the better.
Related
Unconventional happiness coach?
Google engineer Chade-Meng Chen teaches happiness in three steps
Of course, not everyone believes in the power of meditation, but once converted, the big hurdle is making meditation fit into your schedule. Just the thought of cramming another thing into your day is stress-inducing.
Here’s a radical proposal: Start your new meditation habit at work. Yup, that work. The office. Busy, stressful, un-meditation-friendly work.
It turns out, the office is actually an ideal place to meditate specifically because of those reasons. To quote one of my favourite films, The Razor’s Edge, in which Bill Murray’s character searches for the meaning of life, “It's easy to be a holy man on top of a mountain.” It’s harder, but more rewarding, to be one in the office.
Not only is work likely one of the major causes of your stress, but it is also a victim of it. A stressed out, unhappy employee is not a productive one. You can counterbalance the negative and even make your office a more peaceful, creative and industrious place with the effect and influence of your meditation practice alone.
Plus, if you’re like me, it’s hard to fit in meditation or anything else in the busy hum of home, especially with a spouse and children and fewer waking hours to spend with them or on other interests. The solution for me was to practice at work: the place I’m already going five days a week and where meditation is needed most.
It doesn’t need to be a big time commitment — 10 to 15 minutes each day is plenty — and even a couple of minutes can be useful. The key is to commit to doing something, otherwise it’s not effective. When I lived in San Francisco I lived a few blocks from the city’s famous Zen Center and I would wake most mornings for the pre-dawn sittings. It was formal, strictly following the Buddhist tradition, right down to which foot you used to enter the room. I loved it and miss it, but never picked it back up because it always seemed too hard to replicate on my own. So that was my challenge — to get back into practice without it being a burden or competing with other priorities.
Find a space
The first person I told of my intention to start meditating at work was the office manager.
“This may be an unusual request,” I emailed him, “but I could use your help. I’m looking to find a room in our office without glass, to book for 15 minutes a day, every day. The purpose is to meditate.”
Professional but perhaps a bit puzzled, he walked me through a few options in our open-plan office and its meeting rooms with see-through glass walls. We settled on a seldom-used “green room” for talent when the office does studio production. It was perfect: Small, quiet, two chairs, no phone. If it’s booked, my back-ups include a meeting room with glass just on one side (passers-by see only my back) and a nearby anonymising city park. And if I’m really desperate, I always have that last refuge of privacy: the porcelain sanctuary.
Schedule some time
I book 30 minutes every day though I never use the whole time. Sometimes I’m a little late; I always finish early. Sometimes I need to reschedule for later in the day. But if I can make it, I do. Whatever I’m working on can wait another 10 to 15 minutes without dire consequences. Unless you’re an emergency room doctor or caring for young children, the same is probably true at your job. Even if I’m feeling stressed about something I need to get done right away, I always feel better (that is, less stressed) after I breathe.
Now meditate!
Keep it simple and easy. Earlier this year, I attended a SXSW talk by Chade-Meng Tan, who teaches mindfulness techniques at Google . He recommended giving yourself a goal of “just one good breath” a day. The idea is that even doing a little bit makes a difference. If you love it, you will naturally and happily increase your practice to as many minutes as you can comfortably sustain.
Whether you have never meditated before, need a refresher or are just getting started there is no shortage of books, articles and free videos and podcasts available. So start there. Those meditators are practically giving it away! I re-booted my practice by trying out the following in the green room:
Search Inside Yourself by Chade-Meng Tan. In his book on mindfulness and happiness, Meng offers meditation techniques he introduced at Google that range from basic to one (my personal favourite) that asks you to visualise yourself as a force multiplier for goodness, as if you are (my words) some kind of Buddhist superhero.
Stop, Breathe & Think. This app has a growing library of meditations. These all start the same, which is repetitive, and the narrator’s voice so soothing it threatened to put me to sleep. But guided meditations can be useful for beginners and the app tracks your progress, as if you were going to a transcendental gym.
The Miracle of Mindfulness by Thich Nhat Hahn. The renowned pacifist Buddhist monk has written many volumes, but this classic has a whole chapter of meditations, some as little as 10 breaths long. The narration contains others, so it’s worth reading the entire short book.
One Moment Meditation by Martin Boroson. This guide starts with the premise that all you need is one minute. Short chapters help you optimise that minute and learn to take it with you wherever you go. And when you get good at that, it reduces that power minute to a power moment.
Please share your favourite practices or sources and let’s encourage everyone meditating in every office, everywhere on our  Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
Wise Up is a thinking person’s life hacking column in which we examine behaviour modification, self-help, found wisdom and applied philosophy. For more stories, go to  BBC Capital and don’t miss another Wise Up column by  subscribing here . Wise Up is written by David G Allan (twitter:  @davidgallan ), Managing Editor for Features for BBC.com.
To comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Capital, head over to our  Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

Private players ramp up power generation capacityWritten by Anil Sasi | New Delhi |
Posted: December 11, 2014 1:31 am
Fuel woes notwithstanding, a record 9,618 MW of new generation capacity has been commissioned in the first seven months of this fiscal. This was largely on account of a spirited performance by the private sector players, who accounted for over 55 per cent of the total capacity addition during the period, even as capacity addition by the Central sector utilities faltered.
The challenge for developers, though, is how to run these newly commissioned projects, as nearly all of them are facing fuel shortages.
The surge in project commissioning during the current fiscal, especially by private sector players, is explained by the fact that most of these projects were conceived back in 2006-07, when short-term power tariffs were ruling at well above Rs 10 per unit (kWh) and the outlook on fuel availability was still positive.
Coal India Ltd’s output was broadly on track with estimates, global coal prices were much lower and the Krishna-Godavari Basin gas output projections looked optimistic then.
Now, even with the dire fuel situation, developers in advanced stages of commissioning have no option but to go ahead with rolling out their units. A majority of the projects commissioned so far this year (9,351 MW of the 9,618 MW) are thermal units.
The resolution by the government of the coal sector imbroglio and the possibility of auction early next year, though, is a positive for the fuel-starved power generation sector. Key private sector generation units commissioned during the course of the current fiscal include two 660 MW units of Reliance Power’s Sasan UMPP in Madhya Pradesh, a 660 MW unit of Sesa Sterlite’s Talwandi Sabo thermal project in Punjab, a 600 MW unit of KSK Energy’s Akaltara (Naiyara) thermal project in Chhattisgarh and a 660 MW unit of Adani Power’s Tirora thermal project in Maharashtra.
The strong private sector performance is in line with the progressively improving trend of private developers to capacity addition during five years of the previous Plan period.
To put things in perspective, the cumulative capacity added during just the seven months of the current fiscal is nearly half the capacity addition of 20,950 MW achieved in the entire five years of the Tenth Plan (2002-07). During the Ninth Plan, 19,119 MW was added and 16,423 MW in the Eighth Plan.

EMC to submit report by January  says JalanWritten by Surabhi | New Delhi |
Posted: December 11, 2014 1:44 am
As the Centre battles its rising fiscal deficit, the Expenditure Management Commission is expected to submit its interim report by January to help work out a roadmap for 2015-16.
“As per our mandate, we are supposed to submit an interim report before the Budget 2015-16 and we are likely to do so by January next year,” Bimal Jalan, chairman of the Commission told The Indian Express. The panel was set up in September to recommend ways to improve efficiency of Central expenditure. Its report is expected to be a key input for the 2015-16 Budget as the Centre tries to work out a path of fiscal consolidation.
While declining to share details of the report, Jalan, who is a former RBI governor, said the panel is looking into ways to improve government spending including spending on subsidies. “The Commission would look into minimisation of subsidies, but at the same time maximisation of benefit to the people at the least administrative cost,” he said.
While stressing that the panel is working on better expenditure management and not reforms, Jalan said that it is also reviewing spending on various government schemes.
“A lot of times new schemes are started even though there are already schemes existing on the same subject,” he said, adding that the commission is examining what to do in such a scenario. The commission could also be reviewing the allocation of plan and non-plan schemes.
Concerned by the Centre’s increasing fiscal stress, finance minister Arun Jaitley had in the Union Budget announced plans to set up an expenditure management commission “to look into various aspects of expenditure reforms to be undertaken by the government”. The panel is scheduled to submit its final report before the Union Budget 2016-17.

Hinduja Group Acquires UK s Old War Office BuildingAshiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
London: The Hinduja Group, in partnership with a Spanish industrial company, has acquired the UK's iconic Old War Office building that was once occupied by Britain's war-time Prime Minister Winston Churchill.
The heritage building was acquired by the Hinduja Group, headed by S P Hinduja (chairman) and G P Hinduja (co-chairman), in partnership with Obrascon Huarte Lain Desarrollos (OHLD).
The landmark building at 57 Whitehall in central London will be restored and redeveloped into a five star hotel and residential apartments, and will also feature a series of private function rooms as well as a spa and fitness facility.
Previously inaccessible to the public, a commitment has also been made to grant new access to the building with an outdoor public space also part of the redevelopment plans.
Britain's Ministry of Defence confirmed that the Hinduja Group, in partnership with OHLD, who's main shareholder is Grupo Villar Mir, has been successful in the acquisition of the Old War Office.
The 580,000 square-feet property was sold on a 250-year lease arrangement to the companies for an undisclosed sum following a competitive marketing process, it said on Friday.
Srichand P Hinduja and Gopichand P Hinduja, on behalf of the company, said, "We will make every efforts to honour the heritage and restoration of this national monument, elevate its status and reconnect it with the public."
"We will forge a new future for the site, creating a vibrant and sustainable destination that retains and enhances the historical importance of the building. We are proud to be playing such a crucial role in this new chapter for the Old War Office," the Hinduja brothers said.
Juan-Miguel Villar-Mir, chair of the OHLD Group and Grupo Villar Mir, said, "We are very proud to be participating in one of the most important development projects in the world."
"We have a thorough understanding and appreciation of heritage and conservation issues and our commitment now as custodians of this landmark building is to leverage its untapped historical value and potential cultural and social significance," he said.
Once the office of Mr Churchill, the building was constructed in the years between the start of the 20th century and the outbreak of the First World War.
With an almost incalculable contribution to the history and heritage of Whitehall, the Old War Office has been witness to events of utmost importance, most notably the World Wars, with crucial decisions having been taken within its walls, especially significant in this centenary year of remembrance.
As the historical, architectural and social importance of the building cannot be underestimated, both strategic partners will use their considerable experience in the re development of heritage properties and work closely with English heritage and specially chosen restoration experts to ensure the building is accorded the respect it deserves.
Recent examples of their expertise in this area include the restoration of Carlton House Terrace in London by the Hinduja Group and OHLD's Canalejas project in central Madrid.
The lead investor on this project is the Hinduja Group of Companies, one of the largest diversified business groups in the world with a multi-billion pound turnover, employing over 80,000 people in more than 100 countries.
Their partners Grupo Villar Mir is one of the largest privately owned Spanish industrial groups, with a major international presence and a diversified portfolio of activities.
Co-developer OHLD has unique and significant international experience in the development of the highest category of mixed use real estate projects with heritage and natural preservation sensitivities.
Story first published on: December 13, 2014 13:31 (IST)

Coal India to Not Take Part in Auction of 2 Odisha Blocks: ReportAshiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
Kolkata: The future of Coal India's two blocks in Odisha remains uncertain as the company will not be participating in the upcoming coal block auction in January, company sources said on Saturday.
The sources said the auction was for "end-users" and since Coal India does not fall in that category, it cannot go for the auction.
"The two blocks (Ib and Talcher) are there in the auction list," a company official told IANS.
With Coal India not particular about the first round of relocation of coal blocks, the fate of the two mines in Odisha remains uncertain.
Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd (MCL), a subsidy of Coal India, developed the two blocks - the Ib coalfield in partnership with Hindalco and the Talcher field in association with Shyam DRI, Jindal Power and Jindal Steel - resulting in two distinct joint ventures.
Both of these were wrapped up following the Supreme Court's order nullifying the sale.
The Lok Sabha on Friday passed the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill, paving the way for auction of 204 coal blocks deallocated by the apex court in September. ( Read full story )
Story first published on: December 13, 2014 18:20 (IST)

Gujarat High Court Refuses to Quash Adulteration Case Against PepsiCoYou are here: Home Corporates
Gujarat High Court Refuses to Quash Adulteration Case Against PepsiCo
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 13, 2014 20:38 (IST)
Ashiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
Ahmedabad: The Gujarat High Court has refused to set aside a case filed against the PepsiCo Holdings India Private Ltd for selling adulterated product.
Justice J B Pardiwala, two days ago, rejected the soft drink major's application seeking quashing of the 17-year-old case.
The High Court did not accept its contention that the delay in filing of the case caused it prejudice.
Surat Municipal Corporation's food inspector, A S Licensewala, collected six bottles of the soft drink Lehar Pepsi from Kamal Enterprise, a wholesaler, in November 1997, and sent them for testing.
The report of tests, received in January 1998, said the beverage was adulterated, with excessive impurity in the form of "floated feculent gelatin".
SMC filed a complaint against PepsiCo and 11 of its employees in September 2000 before a magistrate's court.
Both the magistrate as well as the sessions judge refused to quash the complaint, so the company moved the High Court.
The company contended that there was a delay of more than two years in the filing of the case, and the tested sample might have changed with the lapse of time. But the High Court did not accept this argument.
Story first published on: December 13, 2014 20:38 (IST)

Congress sends US President Obama $1.1 trillion spending billBy: Associated Press | Washington |
Posted: December 14, 2014 10:46 am
A $1.1 trillion spending bill is on its way to President Barack Obama for his signature. The Senate voted 56-40 on Saturday for the long-term funding bill, the main item left on Congress’ year-end agenda. The measure provides money for nearly the entire government through the September 30 end of the current budget year.
Obama has said he will sign the bill. He already signed a short-term spending bill on Saturday that will keep the federal government operating through Wednesday, easing concerns of a shutdown during the holiday season.
Senators approved the temporary measure Saturday afternoon with only hours to spare before an earlier such measure was set to expire.
The $1.1 trillion spending measure had faced opposition from Democratic liberals upset about provisions that would roll back bank regulations imposed in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis and Republican conservatives unhappy that it failed to challenge Obama’s new immigration policy.
The fight over the spending bill reflects the Republicans’ new leverage after their sweeping victories in last month’s midterm elections. They will have control of the Senate and a stronger majority in the House of Representatives when the new Congress convenes in January.
The $1.1 trillion spending bill, which was the main item left on the current Congress’ agenda, provides funds for nearly the entire government through the September 30 end of the current budget year.
The sole exception is the Department of Homeland Security, which is funded only until February 27. Republicans intend to try then to force Obama to roll back his immigration policy that removes the threat of deportation from millions of immigrants living in the United States illegally.
Immigration was the issue that Sen. Ted Cruz, a favorite of the ultraconservative tea party movement, cited late Friday when he tried to challenge the spending bill with a proposal to cut funds that could be used to implement Obama’s executive actions on immigration.
That led to the unraveling of an informal bipartisan agreement to give the Senate the weekend off. It also gave Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reed a chance to call an all-day Senate session Saturday devoted almost exclusively to the work of confirming about 20 of Obama’s nominees to judicial and administration posts.
Several Republicans blamed Cruz, a potential presidential candidate in 2016, for creating an opening for the outgoing majority party to exploit.
The Senate Republican leader, Mitch McConnell, made no public comment on the events, even though Cruz suggested Friday night that McConnell and House Speaker John Boehner should not be entirely trusted to keep their pledge to challenge Obama’s immigration policy in January.
Many Democrats, including Obama, recognized that if the current spending bill failed, Republicans would have passed an even more objectionable one when they take full control of Congress next month.
Obama called the bill a classic compromise produced by “the divided government that the American people voted for.”

