Apple Fans Stage Urban CampoutAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Techstars offers  equity-back guarantee  to startups in its program8
Techstars, which says it receives 6 percent equity in companies it accepts into its accelerator program, says the move aims to reassure entrepreneurs who may worry that 6 percent equity is too much to give in return for the mentorship and other benefits, including $18,000 in seed funding. The Techstars network includes five other U.S. locations, plus one in London.
TechStars Chicago managing director Troy Henikoff said some companies have expressed concern about the equity before starting the program but that none have had the same reservations once they completed the 13-week session.
“We want to be clear that we’re so confident in the value we add, that we’ll guarantee it, and you can have your equity back,” Henikoff said.
TechStars managing partner David Cohen announced the move Thursday in a blog post .

Nevada Offers Tesla Up to $1.3B for Battery Plant
Driverless cars: Who is responsible when something goes wrong2
"The biggest stumbling block to any of these things is car security and also liability," said Gavin Ward, a spokesman for Bayerische Motoren Werke. "Those are the sort of issues that are still being worked out." The Munich-based carmaker has tested self-driving technology on the German autobahn.
Volkswagen, based in Wolfsburg, Germany, is also keeping its eye on the tactics of cyber criminals to keep a step ahead, spokesman Paul Buckett said at the demonstration in Cheltenham. Google declined to make someone available to discuss risks associated with their automotive efforts.
To limit hacker risk, autonomous cars will need "much more security" and that requires constant monitoring, said Andrew Miller, chief technical officer at Thatcham Research, which supplies data to British vehicle insurers. "As fast as people come up with software and encryption processes, the criminals come up with ways around them."
Aside from worst-case risks like remote carjacking, there's the mundane question of who's to blame in an accident when human error is no longer an issue. That could ease the burden on the driver, as the responsibility shifts to carmakers.
Because robotic vehicles don't suffer from daydreaming and fatigue, "you are going to have a lower frequency of incidents because these cars are an awful lot safer," said Murray Raisbeck, a partner at KPMG's insurance practice. "However, if something does go wrong, the severity could be an awful lot greater."
The change in liability could shift the burden of insuring against accidents to carmakers, suppliers and developers, while consumers would pay less. That might hit the motor-coverage business, which is worth $200 billion a year in the U.S., according to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners.
"It is difficult to be precise on what impact driverless cars will have for us, but we know there are going to be issues," said Alan Gairns, product manager for home and motor insurance at Allianz SE in Britain.
 

FIIs pump in Rs. 9 000 crore in first week of Sept.New Delhi, September 7, 2014
Updated: September 7, 2014 12:41 IST
FIIs pump in Rs. 9,000 crore in first week of Sept.
PTI
economy (general)
FIIs have helped push up Sensex by 1.45 per cent last week and is now moving above 27,000 level
Continuing their bet on the government’s reforms agenda, overseas investors have poured in nearly Rs. 9,000 crore in the Indian capital market in the first week of the month.
Net investments by foreign investors in the equity market were Rs 3,972 crore ($ 656 million) from September 1 to 5, while they infused a net amount of Rs. 5,013 crore ($ 828 million) in the debt market during the period, taking the total to Rs. 8,986 crore ($ 1.5 billion), as per the latest data.
Market analysts maintain that overseas investors (foreign Institutional Investors, sub—accounts or foreign portfolio investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
Also, they anticipate that inflows would continue in the coming months on slew of measures announced by the government. Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 1.9 lakh crore ($ 31.5 billion) into the country’s securities market. This includes a net investment of Rs 82,307 crore in equities and Rs 1.07 lakh crore into debt market.
FIIs, the main driver of the equity market, have helped push up the benchmark BSE Sensex by 1.45 per cent last week and is now moving above 27,000 level.
The strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of FIIs into India to $ 202 billion, while their investments in rupee terms is Rs 9.8 lakh crore.
This is based on the data since November 1992 when the FIIs began investing into Indian markets and includes about USD 160 billion investments into equities and further about USD 41 billion in debt markets.
From the beginning of June, FIIs (Foreign Institutional Investors) along with sub—accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator SEBI to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors.

If Your Nudes Leak  Vast Majority Of Americans Say It s Your FaultIf Your Nudes Leak, Vast Majority Of Americans Say It's Your Fault
Posted:
Updated:
09/05/2014  2:59 pm EDT
Jennifer Lawrence was one of many celebrities who fell victim to a hacker who stole private photos from their accounts and posted them online. | Eric Charbonneau/Invision/AP
reddit
The vast majority of Americans think that when you take embarrassing pictures on your cell phone -- something a fair share of Americans admit doing -- it's at least partly on you to protect them, according to a HuffPost/YouGov poll .
The new survey was conducted after hundreds of nude photos of celebrities were posted online by hackers who had apparently accessed their Apple iCloud accounts.
Famous people who rely on the security questions to protect such accounts can be very vulnerable to hacking. As security experts have noted , the wealth of personal information that is available online makes guessing, say, a celeb's birthday or the name of a childhood pet far too easy.
But most nonfamous Americans don't have a lot of sympathy, it seems.
According to the new poll, 50 percent think it's the responsibility of the cell phone owner, not the cell phone provider, to protect his or her data from hackers. Another 43 percent said both are responsible. Just 4 percent said responsibility falls only on the provider.
This wasn't an issue solely of other people's behavior. Twenty-three percent said they've taken pictures with a cell phone that they would be "embarrassed for other people to see," and 20 percent said they've taken "intimate" pictures of themselves or another person with their phones.
Those numbers were even higher among individuals under age 30 and those who own smartphones. Forty-six percent of those under 30 said they've taken an embarrassing photo with a cell phone, and 39 percent said they've taken an intimate photo. Among smartphone owners of any age, 31 percent said they've taken an embarrassing photo and 25 percent said they've taken an intimate photo.
(The new poll was conducted online, so smartphone owners may be somewhat overrepresented in the sample as a proportion of the general population. Sixty-nine percent of respondents to the HuffPost/YouGov poll said they own a smartphone, compared to 58 percent in the latest survey by the Pew Internet Project , which contacts people via landline and cell phones.)
In the HuffPost/YouGov survey, both younger respondents and smartphone owners were somewhat less likely to place all responsibility on the user for protecting private pictures on cell phones. Forty-two percent of Americans under 40, but 63 percent of Americans 65 and over, said it's the user's responsibility alone. Forty-eight percent of smartphone owners, but 54 percent of non-smartphone owners, said the same.
The HuffPost/YouGov poll was conducted Sept. 2-4 among 1,000 U.S. adults using a sample selected from YouGov's opt-in online panel to match the demographics and other characteristics of the adult U.S. population. Factors considered include age, race, gender, education, employment, income, marital status, number of children, voter registration, time and location of Internet access, interest in politics, religion and church attendance.
The Huffington Post has teamed up with YouGov to conduct daily opinion polls. You can learn more about this project and take part in YouGov's nationally representative opinion polling. Data from all HuffPost/YouGov polls can be found here .
More:

Islamic bonds: sukuks go mainstream© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/0461db74-3502-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NXP Semiconductors: extra chips with that© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/b52b5468-3501-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Telecoms groups reject sharing networksSeptember 7, 2014 6:22 pm
Mobile telecoms groups reject shared networks proposal
By Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c35243ce-34f4-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IRS to probe Valeant tax returns after Canada dealAugust 15, 2014 6:51 pm
IRS to probe Valeant tax returns after Canada deal
By Dan McCrum
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/56540bc4-2485-11e4-be8e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IDBI  ICICI Bank Have Biggest Exposure to JP Associates DebtYou are here: Home Corporates
IDBI, ICICI Bank Have Biggest Exposure to Jaiprakash Associates Debt
NDTV | Updated On: September 08, 2014 12:44 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
Jaiprakash Associates shares rebounded nearly 5 per cent on Monday after falling nearly 30 per cent in the previous four trading sessions. Shares in the engineering and construction firm have come under pressure after one of its promoters sold 3.53 crore shares between September 1 to September 3 to "meet its requirement of funds including for social cause."
The crash in Jaiprakash Associates' shares clearly shows that investors are not too convinced by the reasons for the share sale. Also under pressure are lenders, who have significant exposure to the Group's humongous debt of around Rs 65,000 crore.
( Read the full story here )
According to Nomura, ICICI Bank, IDBI and SBI are the three largest lenders to Jaiprakash Associates Group with total exposure of Rs 12,800 crore, Rs 7,900 crore, Rs 6,400 crore respectively. IDBI's exposure is nearly 30 per cent of its FY14 net worth, followed by ICICI's is 12 per cent of its net worth. SBI's exposure is limited to 2 per cent of its net worth.
"IDBI's JPA exposure is close to the maximum prescribed regulatory limit for group exposure and is a red flag on their overall underwriting," Nomura adds.
Not surprisingly, along with JPA's shares, some of these lenders have also been under great pressure. ICICI Bank traded up today after falling for four straight sessions. IDBI shares were down for the fourth straight day today.
According to Nomura analysts Adarsh Parasrampuria and Amit Nanavati,
1) Jaiprakash Associates has standalone debt of Rs 25,000 crore, while its subsidiaries' debt stands at Rs 40,000 crore.
2) Power subsidiaries have a debt of Rs 24,000 crore. Jaiprakash Associates is in talks to sell its working hydro assets to the ADAG Group. These assets have a combined debt of Rs 8,000 crore. However, the company has Rs 17,000 crore of debt tied to its three thermal power assets of Nigre, Bina and Bara.
"Nigre is based on a captive coal mine which could get severely impacted by the recent Supreme Court judgement (on coal allocation). This is the only asset within power for Jaiprakash Associates than we consider risky," Nomura says.
3) Standalone debt: Rs 13,000 crore of debt is in Jaypee Infratech (Expressway + Real Estate), while Rs 35,000 crore debt is in the sports subsidiary (F1). Nomura considers all these assets as "risky".
The brokerage says most of these exposures are backed by hard assets and though there may be an interim cash flow mismatch, ultimate write downs should be lower.
As of 12.20 p.m., Jaiprakash Associates shares traded 4.6 per cent higher at Rs 35.35, while ICICI Bank was up 0.8 per cent at Rs 1,560.30. IDBI traded lower, down 0.3 per cent at Rs 74.70.
The broader Sensex was up 0.7 per cent at 27,214.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 12:43 (IST)

CLO surge prompts regulatory concernsSeptember 8, 2014 8:47 am
CLO surge prompts regulatory concerns
By Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e6602f76-3507-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Coal India Assessing Reserves of Mozambique MinesYou are here: Home Corporates
Coal India Assessing Reserves of Mozambique Mines
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 15:29 (IST)
New Delhi: As part of a drive to ramp up production, Coal India Ltd is assessing the reserves at its twin mines in Mozambique.
 
"A geological report is under preparation based on the outcome of the exploration programme carried out so far," Coal India said in its annual report.
 
Coal India Africana Limitada (CIAL), a subsidiary of Coal India in Mozambique, undertook explanatory activities including drilling of around 35,000 metres in the two coal blocks in the last fiscal year, it said.
 
"Around 15,000 metres of geo-physical logging has been carried out in FY'14," CIL said, adding that the coal samples were being analysed at the labs of Council of Scientific & Industrial Research (CSIR) and Central Mine Planning & Design Institute Ltd (CMPDI).
 
CIAL had won a five-year licence for exploration and development of mines in Mozambique in August, 2009. Two coal blocks - A1 and A2, at Motaize in Tete Province of Mozambique, are spread over 200 square kilometres.
 
CIL had earlier said that it plans to form a panel of consultants which would help the PSU in acquiring, developing and operating coal mines overseas.
 
The coal major is eyeing assets abroad to meet the domestic demand.
 
CIL had earlier invited bids from bankers and interested parties for acquiring assets abroad.
 
The Coal Ministry had earlier said that acquisition of coal mines overseas should be done in an aggressive manner to meet the country's energy requirements.
 
In order to tide over the fossil fuel shortages, the government is also planning to import coal.
 
As of 3:06 p.m., shares in Coal India were trading at Rs 373.95 apiece on the BSE, up 0.73 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 15:25 (IST)

Coal block auctions likely by end of current financial yearNew Delhi, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 8, 2014 16:27 IST
Coal block auctions likely by end of current financial year
PTI
government departments
As the government awaits the Supreme Court’s decision on the mines allotted since 1993, the Ministry of Power and Coal is firming up plans to commence the auction process by the end of current financial year (2014—15).
The apex court will continue the hearing on Tuesday, on the fate of coal blocks allotted between 1993 and 2011. Last month, the Supreme Court had held that all 218 allocations made from 1993 to 2011 are illegal and arbitrary.
According to sources, the Ministry of Power and Coal is planning to auction the blocks, allocation of which may be scrapped by the apex court, by the end of the fiscal.
“The entire process of coal block auction will take at least 6 months,” the source said.
The consequences of declaring the allocations illegal would be considered tomorrow taking into account the investments made by companies for various projects and the procedure to be adopted for cancellation.
Of the 218 allocations, 80 were already de—allocated prior to the verdict. Of the remaining 138, 40 are operational with clear licences, while six others are ready to start operations.
The government had urged SC to spare 46 coal blocks — 40 functional ones and six which are ready to start operations.
The apex court has asked Centre, the three Associations — Coal Producers Association, Sponge Iron Manufacturers Association and Independent Power Producers Association of India — and petitioners to file their affidavits.
When asked whether his ministry is prepared to hold auctions if the apex court cancels all the allotted mines, Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal said yesterday, “We are ready for every scenario.”
However, he did not elaborate the timeline for coal block auctions.
SC, on August 25, held that all coal blocks allocated during the last 17 years since 1993 by various regimes at the Centre were done illegally and arbitrarily, bringing uncertainty to the fate of 218 block allocations and consequential investments to the tune of around Rs 2 lakh crore.

Indonesia bourse hits record highSeptember 8, 2014 10:52 am
Indonesia bourse hits record high
By Ben Bland in Jakarta
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3123c120-3734-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PetroFed Oil & Gas Industry Awards given awayNew Delhi, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 8, 2014 17:55 IST
PetroFed Oil & Gas Industry Awards given away
PTI
BPCL bagged the ‘Leading Oil & Gas Corporate of the Year’ award as also ‘Oil & Gas Marketing Company of the Year’ award at the annual PetroFed Oil & Gas Industry Awards in New Delhi on Monday. Photo: B. Jothi Ramalingam
TOPICS
award and prize
RIL, ONGC and BPCL bag top honours at the awards ceremony held in New Delhi on Monday.
Reliance Industries, ONGC and Bharat Petroleum Corp (BPCL) walked away with the top honours at the annual PetroFed Oil & Gas Industry Awards at New Delhi on Monday.
BPCL bagged the ‘Leading Oil & Gas Corporate of the Year’ award as also ‘Oil & Gas Marketing Company of the Year’ award.
Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) walked away with the ’Exploration & Production Company of the Year’ award while RIL won the ‘Refinery of the Year’ award.
Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd (HPCL) won the ‘Oil & Gas Pipeline Transportation Company of the Year’ award and Indian Oil Corp (IOC) won ‘Human Resources Management Company of the Year’ award.
Oil Secretary Saurabh Chandra presented the PetroFed Oil & Gas Industry Awards for 2013 for excellence in performance in various categories.
Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan was to give away the awards but he could not attend because he was travelling.
Congratulating the award winners, Chandra emphasised on the need to enhance domestic production of oil and gas to reduce imports.
In his welcome address, PetroFed chairman and IOC head B Ashok highlighted the need for keeping the spirit of healthy competition alive through such awards.
BPCL also got two special commendations for ‘Innovator of the Year (Team)’ award for a system to predict refining characteristics of a crude oil sample and a GPS—based pipeline surveillance personnel movement monitoring system.
The ‘Innovator of the Year — Team’ award was bagged by the 10—member team of IOC and Chennai Petroleum Corp Ltd (CPCL) led by R K Malhotra, then Director (R&D), Indian Oil.
They developed and commercialised technology for co—processing of non—edible oils in diesel hydro—processing operations of an existing refinery.
The ‘Innovator of the Year — Individual’ award was won by Dr Shashikant of IOC for developing catalyst for Olefin Polymerisation and a process for manufacture of Tarpaulin Grade Polyethylene.
The individual award also carries a cash component of Rs 2 lakh while the team award in innovation carried a cash award of Rs 50,000 for each member of the team. There were also two special commendations in the ‘Innovator of the Year — Individual’ award — one each for Indian Oil’s Guwahati Refinery and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited.
Oil India Ltd was chosen for the ‘Environmental Sustainability — Company of the Year’ award while Essar Oil and GAIL won awards for project management.
The ‘Woman Executive of the Year’ award was given to Ritu Mathur — Team Leader, Aviation HR of BPCL. This award also carries a Rs 1 lakh cash prize. A special commendation in this category was conferred on Sita Baruah, Senior Maintenance Manager of IOC’s Guwahati Refinery.
The award winners were selected through a process of collation by knowledge partner PricewaterhouseCoopers and evaluation by the Awards Committee led by Prodipto Ghosh, Distinguished Fellow, TERI and former Secretary to the Government of India.

Railway ministry gears up to improve basics  says GowdaNEW DELHI, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 9, 2014 01:52 IST
‘80% of works mentioned in budget on’
Sandeep Dikshit
The Hindu Railway Minister Sadananda Gowda during an interaction with media on 100 days of achievements of Railway during his tenure in New Delhi on Monday. Photo: Rajeev Bhatt.
TOPICS
railway
The Railway Ministry has started work on 80 per cent of the budgetary pronouncements and hopes to initiate work on the remaining within a month.
Most of the work in progress outlined by Railway Minister D.V. Sadananda Gowda at a news conference here on Monday related to improving the basics such as cleanliness, safety, security and punctuality. The Minister revealed that a meeting once every fortnight with the top brass would be devoted to monitoring the progress made in implementing budgetary promises.
Work relating to restructuring of the Railway Board or the proposal about merging the Railway budget with the Union budget is being handled by Prime Minister Narendra Modi along with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, Mr. Gowda said in response to a question from The Hindu.
Railway Board Chairman Arunendra Sinha said one set of studies for the proposed Ahmadabad-Mumbai bullet train had been completed and the submission of a business potential study was on the cards. “”It has been discussed, studies are being conducted,” he said.
Wooing private sector
As for inviting the private sector in a bigger way, Mr. Gowda said a model concession agreement should be ready in a month with a target of Rs. 6,000 crore during the year mainly in projects relating to first and last mile connectivity. The railways has received a poor response of four per cent against its previous budgetary expectations in this respect.
A ‘short duration’ committee on resource mobilisation will submit a report which will fine-tune the options before the railways.
There was some consternation at the press conference after some newspersons wanted to query the Minister on rape charges against his son. While officials wanted questions to be confined to the working of the Ministry, Mr. Gowda overruled them.
“I will answer,” said Mr. Gowda and proceeded to point out that he was not in a position to say anything because the issue was under investigation.

1 Million Used Cars Are Hiding A Terrible Secret1 Million Used Cars Are Hiding A Terrible Secret
Posted:
Updated:
09/08/2014  8:59 am EDT
Tens of thousands of vehicles damaged by Hurricane Sandy being stored on runways at Calverton Executive Airpark in Calverton, New York, in January 2013. | STAN HONDA via Getty Images
reddit
Just because a used car is cheap and seems OK during a test drive doesn't mean it's safe to buy.
Criminals have devised ways to artfully conceal structural damage on used cars, allowing vehicles to be sold for a profit even though they may have been shoddily rebuilt after an accident or submerged in ocean water during a hurricane.
When insurance companies write off a vehicle as a “total loss” after an accident or other event like a flood or hail storm, the law in most states requires the vehicle’s title of ownership to be given a “brand.” That brand permanently marks the car as damaged goods to all potential future owners, but there are ways for it to be washed away. In the old days, it was done with chemicals. Now, photo editing software and digital scanners are used to print new titles. Or, cars can simply be re-registered in different states until the brand falls away.
Because there is no national titling law, incongruous state laws create opportunities for scammers to "title wash" wrecked cars, making them appear undamaged. Not only are consumers being ripped off, but they're also putting themselves and others in danger when they unknowingly drive a salvaged car on U.S. highways.
The scam appears to happen on a large scale: According to the vehicle history provider CarFax, 800,000 cars in the U.S. -- including at least 500 taxis -- have been “title washed” to conceal their troubled histories.
Joanna Zumhagen, a young professional living near Washington, D.C., knows the risks of buying a title washed car better than most. In 2011, Zumhagen bought a used Dodge Neon with 75,000 miles on it from a dealership in Rockville, Maryland. Zumhagen says she test drove the car and allowed the dealer to have it inspected for her. When it seemed to be OK, she bought it for $3,500 cash -- the Blue Book value for the car.
Joanna Zumhagen, 23, with her used Dodge Neon, which was illegally repaired and resold after being totaled.
Within a few months, the problems started. Zumhagen, who is 23 and works as a marketing manager for a nonprofit, was driving on the interstate when she heard a whirring noise. A few minutes later, she said, her car’s timing belt snapped, causing the power steering to fail.
Zumhagen stopped in the middle of an off-ramp and had the sedan towed to a shop, where a mechanic opened the hood to find that the engine was literally falling apart. In some places, Zumhagen said, it had been held together with plastic zip ties.
“And as you might imagine, some of them had melted, so part of the engine was actually wobbly loose on one side as a result,” she said.
It wasn’t until Zumhagen obtained a vehicle history report for her car that she found out the truth about its past: It had been totaled in 2009 in Maryland, issued a “salvage” brand and auctioned off by the insurance company. A car branded as a “salvage" vehicle means it’s been wrecked to the point where an insurance company decides it doesn’t make sense to pay to repair it. In most states, these vehicles can be legally repaired and resold, but sellers must always disclose that it's a salvage car.
According to the vehicle history report for Zumhagen's car, which was obtained by HuffPost, it was brought to Virginia, where it was issued a clean title. Two years later, it was sold to Zumhagen.
Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles spokeswoman Pam Goheen said the agency made an "oversight" in giving the car a title without a brand. Zumhagen bought the vehicle from SK Certified Auto Sales in Rockville, and she said no mention was made of its problematic past. SK Certified Sales declined to comment for this article. It is a crime to knowingly sell a vehicle that's been title washed.
“Basically, the engine had been jimmy-rigged back to working condition to make the car seem like it was OK,” Zumhagen said. It's not clear why the mechanic who performed the inspection for the dealer didn't note the problems with the car, she said.
What happened to Zumhagen isn’t all that uncommon. According to a report from Experian AutoCheck, which (like CarFax) sells vehicle history reports to consumers, 425,000 of the vehicles damaged in the first half of 2012 were later retitled as clean in another state .
Of course, for-profit businesses like Experian and CarFax have an incentive to scare people into thinking that many used cars have sordid histories concealed by new titles. Because if that's true, more people will pay $40 for a vehicle history report.
"Some companies may claim that there is 'X' number of [title-washed cars] on the road, but there really is no way to know," said Frank Scafidi, a spokesman for the National Insurance Crime Bureau, which works with insurers and police agencies to find and prosecute insurance crime. "The potential could be that high, but ... let's just say I'm a skeptic."
Still, scrutiny by the media and lawmakers over the years confirms that title laundering is a real issue. A local news outlet in Mississippi -- where state standards for car titling are relatively lax -- found 17,000 cars that had been title washed in just two years between 2004 and 2006. After Hurricane Sandy, ABC News tracked down vehicles flooded during the storm that were being sold at dealerships across the country . Federal legislation was proposed after Hurricane Katrina to help consumers identify used cars that had previously been wrecked or flooded, but the bill never passed.
Part of the reason title washing a problem is that there is no federal car titling law. It comes down to a patchwork of inconsistent state laws, and one state's definition of "salvage" may not align perfectly with another's.
What’s more, some states still don't even issue “flood” brands for car titles, said Tony Bartolome, a lieutenant with the Florida Highway Patrol’s Bureau of Criminal Investigations and Intelligence. This allows people to bring a car that was flooded during a Florida hurricane to a landlocked state like Missouri, where it can be issued a clean title and sold as if it was never underwater.
“It’s a loophole,” said Bartolome, who among other things specializes in title washing and consumer protection.
Just last week, the owner of a New Jersey car dealership pleaded guilty to selling some of the 230,000 vehicles damaged during Hurricane Sandy. The cars had been listed as “for parts only” on their titles , meaning they cannot legally be sold as functioning vehicles. The Asbury Park Press reported that the dealership owner, Jonathan Olin of Manalapan, bought the cars at auction and obtained doctored titles from a former New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission employee.
New Jersey topped CarFax’s list of states with the most vehicles (nearly 80,000) with titles that have had their brands removed. CarFax spokesman Larry Gamache said the company knows specific numbers for each state because state DMVs, insurance companies, police departments and repair shops report branded titles to the company. CarFax then uses this information to compile an extensive vehicle history database, and it can cross-check a car's current title against brands it has been issued in the past.
North Carolina came in second place on CarFax’s list, with about 74,266 title washed cars. Mississippi was third, with 57,213.
A federal database of car titles exists: It’s called the National Motor Vehicle Title Information System, and was created by the Department of Justice in 2009 to protect consumers from title washing. But the data in the federal system is incomplete. Some states don’t supply information on totaled cars to the database, and others don’t make inquiries to the system before providing clean titles to people.
The lack of a national, comprehensive titling system creates issues for consumers like Eric Foertsch, a 48-year-old father of three living in Connecticut. Foertsch bought a used car earlier this year from a dealer he’d met on Craigslist. The dealer, Motown Auto Sales in Detroit, Michigan, didn’t tell Foertsch that the car had been totaled in 2011 in California and branded as a “salvage” vehicle.
Eric Foertsch, 48, at home in Connecticut.
The car had a clean title simply because Motown Auto Sales applied for one at the state DMV. The agency issued the new title for the car as a result of "human error," according to Michigan DMV spokesman Fred Woodhams. Ahmad Youssef Saad, the dealer with Motown Auto Sales who sold Foertsch the car, confirmed that the Michigan DMV had sent him the wrong title, and said he did not know that the car was previously totaled.
"This error occurred prior to Michigan’s participation in the National Motor Vehicle Title Information System. Under the new process, the error would have been prevented,” Woodhams said. There are seven states that don't fully participate in the National Motor Vehicle Title Information System and another seven that provide data on branded titles but don't make inquiries, according to the program's website .
Salvaged cars with altered titles can be dangerous to drive. “In a vehicle that’s been flooded or rebuilt [after a crash], the airbags may not work,” said Gamache. “The crumple zones may not perform correctly. It puts you and other people at risk.”
Just test-driving a car before buying it is not enough. Consumers should also hire a qualified mechanic to inspect the car before making a purchase, and should obtain a vehicle history report from CarFax, Gamache said.
Additionally, consumers can check for signs of flooding by seeing if there is any grime or rust behind the gas and brake pedals, or if the carpeting is new or has been shampooed.
“Too often we fall in love with a car and we forget to do our homework,” Gamache said. “There are plenty of warning signs that a car may not be what it seems, if you’re willing to pay attention to them.”
If you've bought a used car and later found out it had been totaled or flooded in the past, we want to hear from you. Email hunter@huffingtonpost.com .
More:

Europe banks lead US debt markets chargeLast updated: September 8, 2014 4:57 pm
Europe banks lead US debt markets charge
By Vivianne Rodrigues in New York and Christopher Thompson in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/97aa04da-3505-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Schroders disappointed at Dean departureSeptember 8, 2014 2:26 pm
Schroders ‘disappointed’ at Dean departure
By Adam Palin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/05603398-373e-11e4-b45c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cipla ties up with S&D Pharma to enter Czech Republic  SlovakiaUpdated: September 8, 2014 19:24 IST
Cipla ties up with S&D Pharma to enter Czech Republic, Slovakia
Special Correspondent
joint venture
Indian pharmaceutical major Cipla on Monday announced a commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma to distribute its products in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
S&D Pharma represents global pharmaceutical companies and manages the promotion and distribution of their products in Central Europe.
A statement from Cipla said that under the collaboration, it will sell its respiratory product portfolio in both Czech Republic and Slovakia through a Cipla-owned sales force managed by its commercial head while S&D Pharma will physically distribute all products, including respiratory products.
``This portfolio is expected to increase in the next few years,’’ Cipla said.
Cipla is one of the global leaders in respiratory medicines with its range of drugs and devices sold in over 100 countries. In the near future, once the necessary regulatory and reimbursement approvals are in place, the Salmeterol-Fluticasone fixed combination will be launched in the Czech Republic and Slovakia under the name `Fullhale’.
The Cipla statement said Fullhale will be made available in two strengths – 120 doess of 25/125 mcg salmeterol/fluticasone and 120 doses of 25/250 mcg salmeterol/fluticasone.
Apart from Croatia, where the combination is already available under the name Duohal, Cipla recently launched the product in Germany where it is distributed under the name `Serroflo’ and in Sweden where the combination was launched as ` Salmeterol-Fluticasone Cipla’.
On the Bombay Stock Exchange on Monday, Cipla gained 1.09 per cent to close trade at Rs 563.4.

Micromax Sees 25% Smartphone Sales OnlineYou are here: Home Corporates
Micromax Sees 25% of Smartphone Sales Happening Online in 2 Years
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 18:34 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
New Delhi: With growing consumer preference to shop online, domestic handset maker Micromax expects 25 per cent of its smartphones sales to come from e-commerce platforms over the next two years.
The company, which has partnered e-commerce major Snapdeal for launching its latest handset - Canvas Nitro, currently gets about 10 per cent of its sales from online purchases.
"Online is small but is definitely growing. About 10 per cent of our sales are coming from that. Over the next two years, 25 per cent of at least the smartphone sales would come from online," Micromax chief executive Vineet Taneja said.
He further said the company would continue with its mix of online and offline sales.
The company on Monday launched a new 'octa-core' processor powered smartphone, priced at Rs 12,990.
Canvas Nitro, to be available exclusively on Snapdeal, is powered by a 1.7 GHz Tru Octa Core processor and Android KitKat operating system.
The handset features 5-inch HD IPS display, leather finish back, 2GB RAM, 13MP rear and 5MP front camera, 8GB memory (expandable up to 32GB) and 2500 mAh.
"We are excited to be partnering with Micromax to launch their latest product - the Canvas Nitro. The new product has most superior technology and we are sure that this will be well-received by our 25 million members," Snapdeal senior vice president (electronics and home) Tony Navin said.
At Snapdeal, mobile and tablets are one of the fastest growing categories and this partnership is a strategic decision to add to the online marketplace's offerings, he added.
Micromax, which is the country's second largest handset maker, also plans to bring in two more smartphones apart from feature phones ahead of the festive season.
"Apart from the Android One phone, we will have one more smartphone and some feature phones, as there is still a market for them. By early next year, we should have a 4G handset as well."
Currently, 60 per cent of Micromax's sales volumes come from feature phones, while the remaining is smartphones.
As a large chunk of Indian users are migrating to affordable smarter devices from feature phones, Indian smartphone market grew 84 per cent year-on-year to 18.42 million units from 10.02 million units (in April-June 2013 quarter), according to research firm IDC.
Korean handset maker Samsung still continues to lead the smartphone market with a 29 per cent share, followed by Micromax (18 per cent), Karbonn (8 per cent) and Lava (6 per cent).
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 18:05 (IST)

Question hangs over Draghis latest salvoSeptember 8, 2014 3:27 pm
Question hangs over Mario Draghi’s latest salvo on lending
By Patrick Jenkins
New measures no guarantee lending will be channelled into SMEs
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/862137fa-3745-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vaishnodevi Yatra resumes  17 700 pilgrims proceed to shrinePrint
PTI | Jammu | Posted: September 8, 2014 8:07 pm
Pilgrimage to the cave shrine of Mata Vaishnodevi in Trikuta Hills of Jammu and Kashmir’s Reasi district resumed on Monday morning after remaining suspended for four consecutive days in view of heavy rains, with 17,700 pilgrims proceeding towards the cave shrine. The pilgrimage was, however, resumed only through the old route as the two new tracks were still closed in view of landslides.
“Yatra to the cave shrine resumed this morning after remaining suspended for four days in view of heavy rains and bad weather conditions,” Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Shri Mata Vaishnodevi Shrine Board (SMVSB) Mandeep K Bhandari said. The yatra has resumed only through Sanjichhat-Bhairon Temple track. The two new tracks are still closed in view of landslides, he said, adding it will take two more days to make it available for pilgrims.
“For ensuring that pilgrims cover the journey during day time only for their safety, the Yatra Slip issuance from Katra was stopped at 2:40 PM. Total number of Yatris who embarked on the journey was 17,700. The Yatra proceeded smoothly,” he said. Bhandari visited the entire track along with officers and engineers of the Shrine Board and took stock of the ongoing work on clearing the path, restoring water and power supply and making other logistics available enroute and in Bhawan area.
The movement of the pilgrims is being continuously monitored, he said, adding that the track from Sanjichhat to Bhawan via Bhairon Temple is narrow and it involves steep climb, particularly between Bhawan and Bhairon Temple. Considering the fact that ponies cannot be allowed beyond Sanjichhat, pilgrims have been advised to start their journey via this route only if they are in good state of health and do not have any underlying cardiac or other such ailment.
The CEO informed that efforts were on to clear all the tracks leading to the Shrine and to fully restore electricity and water supply to all the establishments and tracks. In view of landslides triggered by heavy rains, over 4,000 pilgrims were stuck at various places en route the cave shrine for the past few days. The Board had provided them all facilities.
Pilgrimage to the shrine from Katra base camp was suspended on September 4 in the wake of continuing rains and the closure of the track due to landslides at various places. Bhandari said clearing of debris from the track which has come down from the slopes due to continuous spell of rain over the past few days was still going on and it might take a couple of days to make it fir for Yatra.
Superintending Engineer and Executive Engineer, Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine Board are camping at various locations for ensuring that the track is through, he said. Bhandari said that considering the entire situation, the Shrine Board decided to open the track via Sanjichhat-Bhairon Track only this morning.
Yatra slips were given to pilgrims at Katra Monday morning so that they could undertake the pilgrimage through the old route. The decision to resume the pilgrimage was taken after continued…
For ensuring that pilgrims cover the journey during day time only for their safety, the Yatra Slip issuance from Katra was stopped at 2:40 PM.

Car sales expected to grow by 12%: UBS surveyShishir Asthana |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 08:16 PM IST
Car sales expected to grow by 12%: UBS survey
In the run up to the festival season, 88% of dealers surveyed expect a sequential rise in sales over next two months
There might be some green shoots of growth visible on the ground, with a new government in place. An Auto Dealer Survey conducted by research firm UBS suggests that there could be signs of improvement in the automobile (four-wheeler) sector. Auto sales are globally considered to be a proxy for economy. In India too, these numbers are taken seriously by economists and analysts as a measure of growth in the economy.
As the economy slowed, so did auto sales numbers. In April 2014, the first month of the current fiscal, passenger car sales in India fell by double digits, diving 10.15 per cent from a year earlier to 135,000 units. By August 2014 this number had grown up to 200,174 units. The UBS survey indicates there will be a sequential improvement in demand outlook.
UBS summed up its survey findings conducted on 40 dealers from across the country in a report written by analyst Sonal Gupta. In the run up to the festival season, around 88 per cent of dealers expect a sequential increase in sales over the next two months. Nearly 50 per cent of dealers surveyed believe that demand will pick up by more than 15 per cent over the next two months.
The survey highlighted that footfalls rose modestly over the last two months. 48 per cent of dealers reported an increase in first time customers while 25 per cent reported a decline in the last 2 months. Dealers are optimistic about sales in FY15 and expect a 12 per cent YoY growth. Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) has tentatively pegged growth of passenger cars in FY15 to be between 5-10 per cent.
A clear shift was visible away from diesel vehicles with 51 per cent of dealers reporting a positive shift towards petrol vehicles in the last 2 months. The shift was more visible with Maruti’s dealer with 82 per cent of them indicating a shift. With petrol premium over diesel dropping to only 16 per cent UBS feels the shift to petrol cars to accelerate going forward.
According to UBS, dealers from all companies expect growth in FY15. Maruti dealers were most positive expecting 15 per cent YoY growth followed by Mahindra at 12 per cent YoY. On the inventory front 68 per cent of dealers held more than four weeks of inventory, with 20 per cent carrying more than 5 weeks of inventory. Some dealers indicated that inventory levels were high in anticipation for strong demand during the festival season in Sep/Oct.
Overall dealers indicated a small improvement in enquiry conversion rates above normal, also there was a small downtick in financing rates for customers.
With the first quarter of the current fiscal showing a sharp improvement in GDP numbers to 5.7 per cent as compared to less than 5 per cent earlier, likelihood of better auto sales numbers in the festival season would help keep the number high going forward.
    

No decision yet on Modi-Sharif meeting in US: SwarajBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:40 AM IST
No decision yet on Modi, Sharif meeting in US: Swaraj
Blames Pakistan for derailing talks, by having a dialogue with Kashmiri separatists despite warning from Indian govt
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Monday said the government was yet to decide if Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be meeting his Pakistan counterpart Nawaz Sharif in the US during the United Nations (UN) General Assembly meeting later this month.
On India cancelling foreign secretary talks with Pakistan set to take place last month, the minister said Pakistan had derailed the discussions.
"I do not know why their high commissioner decided to meet the separatists and derail the talks." Swaraj told reporters here during her first news conference after assuming office.
She added the Indian government will never encourage talks with Pakistan's army or Inter-Services Intelligence.
"There is no full stop in diplomacy. There is comma or semicolon but never a full stop."
On ceasefire violations by Pakistan and China, Swaraj said the two Director-Generals of Military Operations were in regular talks over the phone. "If required, they could explore options to meet to resolve the matter."
On Modi's meeting with US President Barack Obama on September 30, Swaraj said the government will repeat its stand on the nuclear liability law by which suppliers will have liability in case of disaster.
India and the US had signed the Civil Nuclear Cooperation Agreement in 2005. But it has remained non-operational.
She said the government will raise the issue of considering India's claim for a permanent seat at the UN Security Council, which might happen in 2015 when it expands. The G4 is expected to meet on the sidelines of the UN meeting and discuss the issue.
Swaraj said that during the visit, Modi and his team will also take up immigration overhaul undertaken by the US. She said this will top the agenda when Modi meets Obama.
 Advertisements

When will FTIL  Kotak Bank deal conclude FMC asks MCXFinancial Technologies
(On July 20th, 2014, Financial…)
More than a month after Financial Technologies announced the sale of its 15% stake in Multi-Commodity Exchange (MCX) to Kotak Mahindra Bank, the commodity market regulator Forward Markets Commission (FMC) has turned the heat on India's largest commodity exchange by demanding specific details on the transaction timeline, two individuals familiar with the development told ET NOW.
"The regulator is convinced that more clarity is required on the execution of the share purchase agreement between Kotak Mahindra Bank and Financial Technologies . Therefore, it has written to MCX directing it to provide the exact target date for completion of the divestment process. FMC will consider the all important nod to MCX to launch fresh contracts beyond 2014 only after it is satisfied with the required deal details," said one of the individuals cited above.
On July 20th, 2014, Financial Technologies announced that it had agreed to sell its 15% stake in MCX to Kotak Mahindra Bank for Rs 459 crore, subject to regulatory approvals.
"FMC is eager that MCX fully complies with its "not fit and proper order" and the formal conclusion of this deal is significant in that regard," added the second individual cited above. On December 2013, the commission had ordered MCX to reduce its promoter Financial Technologies stake to 2% from 26% after Financial technologies was found " not fit and proper" to own any exchange.
Trading volumes have plunged on MCX in the aftermath of the Rs 5600 cr NSEL scam (for instance, trading volumes dipped by 40% from Rs 29,317 cr on 6th September 2013 to Rs 17,597 cr on 5th September 2014) and commodity market brokers are keenly watching the status of fresh contracts for the entity as the exchange accounted for over 80% of the total commodity futures market turnover in FY14.
MCX declined to comment on a query sent by ET NOW.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RCA vs BCCI case hearing on September 11Updated: September 8, 2014 19:56 IST
RCA vs BCCI case hearing on September 11
PTI
The Hindu Supporters celebrate after Lalit Modi was declared the President of the Rajasthan Cricket Association in Jaipur. Photo: Rohit Jain Paras
TOPICS
cricket
The impasse between the Rajasthan Cricket Association and BCCI is likely to continue for a little longer as the District Judge Jaipur - city has set September 11 as the next date of hearing.
The BCCI had warned RCA of dire consequences if they allow Lalit Modi, who is facing a life ban, to fight the state body elections but the RCA not only had ignored it but also proceeded to elect him as the president.
An irked BCCI had immediately suspended RCA and later left it out from its domestic calendar.
Challenging the suspension and its allied issues imposed on RCA by the BCCI the RCA has moved District Judge (DJ) as well High Court crying foul because it feels it was the only legitimate body elected under the Sports Act prevailing in the state.
In its transfer application filed by BCCI before the Learned District Judge Jaipur - city BCCI levelled allegation of bias against the additional District judge - 4 and sought the matter to be transferred to some other court.
RCA deputy president Mehmood Abdi appeared in person and prayed to the court that the order sheets of the ADG-4 would amply display that no favour has been shown to RCA by the learned ADJ-4 or any prejudiced has been caused to BCCI by his orders running into over a dozen pages.
He alleged that on the contrary all applications of BCCI have been allowed by the learned ADG court but for the two applications of RCA.
Abdi alleged that instead of arguing the issue of suspension and its consequential aspects BCCI is drifting and delaying the matter on every possible pretext.
“Firstly, it raised the issue of jurisdiction and wanted the matter to be heard at Chennai and not Jaipur. The issue went up to the High Court which on August 11 dismissed BCCI’s appeal on the issue of jurisdiction. Now BCCI is trying to further drift and drag the matter by seeking adjournment of their transfer application date after date,” he said.
Abdi further said, “RCA is opposing the transfer application of BCCI as a matter of principal that judicial officers should not be intimidated on the basis of vague and unsubstantiated allegations of bias.
“In its application BCCI has not given any details or explained their charge of bias against the judicial officer.
Which is why, they are now shying away from arguing the matter on merits. Adjournments sought by BCCI are a time tested strategy to delay the matter,” said Abdi, who is also the president of the Sri Ganganagar District Cricket Association.
“Today, the learned DJ has given final opportunity to BCCI in-house counsel who appeared for the board to come prepared to final arguments on their application on 11th of September.
“As such now the matter is listed for final hearing on 11th September thereafter the matter would proceed in court below. We are hoping the impasse would come to an end and rightfully our cricketers would be able to play in the domestic season,” said Abdi.
Going ahead with its own domestic calendar the RCA has begun with Challenger Trophy and has declared the full schedule for the season banking on the court’s verdict in the ongoing legal tangle with the apex cricket body in country.
Reports say that BCCI was mulling over the idea of forming one team from players of three disputed states like Rajasthan, Bihar and Uttaranchal and would allow it to play in the domestic season.

No Guns  Please  Panera Bread Asks Customers
Cole Hamels praises the NationalsComments
Cole Hamels. (AP Photo/John Bazemore)
It’s not uncommon for a player to give credit to an opponent for beating them, but after the Nationals beat the Phillies, 3-2, Cole Hamels heaped praise upon his division rival. Hamels has pitched well against the Nationals throughout his career, but on Sunday, the Nationals managed three runs over 6 1/3 innings against him led by Adam LaRoche’s two home runs.
Even with the loss, Hamels has a 2.56 ERA and is one of the league’s best starters. He was fresh off his combined no-hitter against the Braves. The Phillies had beaten the Nationals in five straight games before Sunday. He has history with the Nationals (remember 2012 when he intentionally plunked Bryce Harper ). Still, he felt the need to pay tribute to the Nationals when asked about facing them and the Braves, two teams in the playoff hunt.
“It was fun,” he said. “We played two teams battling for the postseason, so they are playing their hearts out. To pitch against the Nationals, especially with how hot they were on their last road trip, it probably was the toughest game I’ve had in a long time. They weren’t mis-hitting any balls. They were hitting them pretty hard and pretty far. If they maintain the way they are playing right now, they are going to be walking in a parade somewhere. That’s a credit to their players, especially LaRoche. I guess I’m glad we don’t have to play them anymore.”

Can the Duchess of Cambridge’s pregnancy prevent Scottish independenceBy Karla Adam September 8 Follow @karlaadam
LONDON — Can the Duchess of Cambridge’s pregnancy save the United Kingdom?
It’s a question that bubbled up almost immediately after news broke early Monday that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are expecting their second child. As congratulations poured in, so did questions about the timing of the announcement and its possible effect on the debate about Scottish independence.
In just 10 days, Scotland will vote on whether to split from the United Kingdom. Until now, it seemed fairly certain that come Sept. 19, Britons would wake up to the news that the 307-year-old union between Scotland and England was intact. But a surprise  poll  this weekend by the Sunday Times/YouGov put — for the first time — the nationalist campaign in the lead, 51 percent to 49 percent.
When the official pregnancy tweet from Clarence House landed, did unionists across the land raise a metaphorical pint to the boy or girl who will be fourth in line to the throne? The pro-U.K. campaign has long been accused of being too dour, too negative, too obsessed with facts and figures; could the royal baby news be just the jolt of inspiration it needs?
Maybe, maybe not. It’s true that the royal family remains largely popular in Scotland, where the queen vacations every summer at  Balmoral Castle , a sprawling residence about 100 miles north of Edinburgh. The newspapers this past weekend were full of pictures of the queen, draped in a tartan blanket, and Prince Charles, wearing a kilt, smiling and laughing as they watched highland games in the village of Braemar, an annual tradition for the royal family.
Alex Salmond, the first minister of Scotland, has said that an independent Scotland would keep the queen, who would continue to serve as head of state — the way she does in Commonwealth countries such as Canada or New Zealand.
But as the Daily Telegraph’s James Kirkup  warns , skeptical Scots may wonder whether the timing of the pregnancy announcement by Kensington Palace is just a wee bit “too neat, too convenient,” with some viewing it as “just another Establishment ploy.”
An instant poll  by the Guardian newspaper suggests that its readers don’t think the royal baby news will help the unionists’ cause.
Officially, the royal family is neutral on Scottish independence. A spokesman for Buckingham Palace said that “the queen maintains a strict neutrality on all political matters, including independence for Scotland. This is entirely a matter for the people of Scotland.” He also said that he “didn’t recognize” the unnamed sources in the Sunday Times this weekend who said the prospect of independence “horrifies” the queen.
In any case, politicians of all stripes were quick to fire off pleasantries to the royal couple, including  Salmond, who made sure to use the couple’s Scottish titles — the “Earl and Countess of Strathearn.”
Karla Adam is a reporter in the Washington Post’s London bureau. Before joining the Post in 2006, she worked as a freelancer in London for the New York Times and People magazine.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410190980/1410190980000/1410190980 tracking: {authors=Karla Adam, blog_name=worldviews, content_category=World, in_url_headline=can-kate-middletons-pregnancy-keep-great-britain-whole, post_id=37115, section={section=world, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 3:43:00 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 3:43:00 PM

Modi reaches out to Kerala dalits and backwardsBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 08:22 PM IST
Modi reaches out to Kerala dalits and backwards
Says merely achieving 'samata' or social equality isn't enough, society should strive for 'samarasta' or social harmony
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today recalled contribution of early 20th century reformers from Kerala, Ayyankali and Sree Narayana Guru, and said merely achieving 'samata' or social equality wasn't enough but the society should strive for 'samarasta' or social harmony.
"Mere equality will not do. We have to move a step forward. The final destination is harmony in society. For that we have to have a constantly awakened society," the PM said at a function to mark the 152nd birth anniversary of Ayyankali, organised by Kerala Pulayar Maha Sabha (KPMS) that works for rights of the Dalits.
That the PM graced an occasion to mark social reformer Ayyankali's birth anniversary and helped it organise at Vigyan Bhavan in Delhi is notable. Daltis comprise nearly four per cent of Kerala's population. His praise of Sree Narayan Guru, a social reformer from socially and economically backward but politically influential Ezhava caste of Kerala, is also noteworthy.
Ayyankali (1863-1941) and Narayana Guru (1855-1928) were contemporary social reformers who continue to have large followings. BJP is trying to reach out to these groups in preparation of 2016 assembly elections in the state.
The BJP had found support from KPMS and Ezhava community's Sree Narayana Dharma Paripalana (SNDP) in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. It had increased its vote share from 6.4 to 10.3 per cent in the elections. The BJP couldn't win any seats in Kerala but this vote share was its best ever performance in the state.
Today, BJP leaders from Kerala and Delhi were present on the dais. Prime Minister said the conference organised by Ayyankali in 1913 on the question of upliftment of Dalits was as much a turning point as Mahatma Gandhi's Dandi March in 1930. The PM also praised the efforts of Mahatma Gandhi and Raja Rammohan Roy towards bringing about social change. Ends
 

India signs FTA in services  investments with ASEANPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 08:00 PM IST
India signs FTA in services, investments with ASEAN
This will pave the way for freer movement of professionals and further opening opportunities for investments
India has signed the free trade agreement (FTA) in services and investments with 10-member ASEAN, paving the way for freer movement of professionals and further opening opportunities for investments.
The country implemented FTA in goods with the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) in 2011.
"India has formally signed the Trade in Services and Trade in Investments Agreement with ASEAN. The services agreement will open up opportunities of movement of both manpower and investments from either side between India and ASEAN," an official said.
Nine out of 10 ASEAN countries have signed the pact, it said, adding that the Philippines is completing its domestic procedure and is expected to sign soon.
Signing of the two pacts -- FTA in services and investments -- were scheduled during the India-ASEAN Economic Ministers meeting in Myanmar last month.
But the meeting was postponed as Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman was not able to attend the meet due to domestic compulsions.
India had proposed circulation process for signing the pact with ASEAN.
Under the circulation process, each member will separately sign the agreement and it will become effective only after the last member signs the pact.
It said the trade in services agreement contains all features of a modern and comprehensive pact and is in line with the other bilateral agreements that India has signed so far.
"Some of the important Articles contained in the agreement are ones on transparency, domestic regulations, recognition, market access, national treatment, increasing participation of developing countries, joint committee on services, review, dispute settlement and denial of benefits," the official said.
 Advertisements

US poised to be world s biggest PPP market: ...Credit Rating
(A number of large projects…)
The United States is poised to become the world's biggest marketplace for public-private partnerships as infrastructure needs soar while traditional funding for bridges, courthouses and other projects wears thin, Moody's Investors Service said on Monday.
The US market for these special arrangements is also less mature than most major economies, it said. But a number of large so-called P3 projects are in the pipeline now for US transportation, and once those deals close, a new wave of social infrastructure projects is expected, Moody's said.
Courthouses, such as the one in Long Beach, California, as well as school buildings could also lead a new wave of social infrastructure projects, followed by water and waste-water facilities, the credit ratings agency said.
Most public infrastructure in the United States has been built using low-interest, tax-exempt bonds. Since the recession, city and state governments have been wary of taking on more debt, and some cannot afford major transportation projects on a pay-as-you-go basis.
Some states have yet to legalize P3s. Virginia, Florida, Texas, Indiana and Colorado have been ahead of the pack in approving transportation P3s, Moody's said, but similar legislation has failed in New York and Kentucky.
The momentum has quickened in the last five years. A total of 39 US states now have some kind of legalized P3, either for transportation or social infrastructure projects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The Islamic State and the politics of official narrativesComments
By Laurie A. Brand September 8
A resident of Tabqa city celebrates after Islamic State militants took over Tabqa air base, in nearby Raqqah city on August 24. (REUTERS/Stringer)
While its exploits in battle and crime in conquest have captured most of the headlines regarding the group formerly referred to as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), since the June declaration of the Islamic State, increasing attention has turned to how it governs, most specifically how much actual “state” there is and how its state-like institutions function.
The sources of the Islamic State’s budget – from ransoms of foreign hostages and “foreign aid” from wealthy Gulf Arabs to the sale of oil from production facilities that have come under its control – have been widely reported . Its high profile destruction of the border crossing between Iraq and Syria, which the Islamic State framed in terms of overturning the legacy of Sykes-Picot, demonstrated its ideological rejection of existing state boundaries as it extended its own realm. Recent developments in Mosul , the largest Iraqi city to be conquered by the Islamic State, certainly call to mind Charles Tilly’s famous piece “War Making and State Making as Organized Crime;” however, it is in the Syrian city of Raqqah, where the Islamic State established its first major seat of power, that the basic institutions of its nascent state can be most effectively observed.
Courts, prisons, tax collection, a complaints department (diwan al-mazalim) and the morality patrols (hisbah) – the Islamic State’s version of Saudi Arabia’s religious police (mutawwain) – are obvious manifestations of its assumption of control over regulating daily affairs. Most recently, however, the Islamic State has turned its attention to what Ernest Gellner once claimed was “more central than the monopoly of legitimate violence” to the state: the monopoly of legitimate education. Reports from Raqqah during the last week in August detailed a “General Directive to all Educational Institutions” issued by the Islamic State’s Bureau of Curriculum, on official stationery and with its own official stamps, which sets preliminary guidelines for instruction. The first order in the directive is that all of the following subjects are to be annulled: music, art, civics, social studies, history, math, philosophy and social issues, and Christian and Islamic religious education. However, the directive also states that the Bureau of Curriculum will “compensate” for their removal, a phrase that suggests that what is underway is not the wholesale abolition of most courses of study, but rather the first stage in a massive reworking of the curriculum.
Decades ago, the need for an educated population was widely recognized by the first generation of post-independence leaderships in the developing world as one means of confronting the myriad challenges of post-colonial economic and political development. Just as important, however, was the role that education was to play in inculcating a new national narrative, one that would “correct” the history and mission promulgated by the former colonial power. In their place, an heroic story would be constructed, aimed at building a unified national identity, establishing the vision of that nation, and – crucially – consolidating power through reinforcing the regime’s legitimacy to rule. Thus, taking control of the curriculum in the early stages of state development, what the Islamic State appears to be engaged in, has been a common policy across regions and over time.
My research on national narratives in the Middle East and North Africa bears this out. One of the most basic tasks of narrative reconstruction undertaken by new leaderships is establishing a new founding story. In both Egypt and Algeria, as part of this process, the name of the country was changed, a different flag was introduced and revised history, civics and other texts were developed that promoted the vision and values of the revolutionary leadership. In the case of Egypt, while the Free Officers who overthrew King Farouk in July 1952 by no means rejected the role of Mehmet Ali in establishing the bases of the modern Egypt state, the textbooks that were produced shortly after the revolution constructed the overthrow of the monarchy as the beginning of a qualitatively new era in Egyptian history. In the case of Algeria, it took longer for indigenous textbooks to be produced, in large part because of the sorry state of indigenous schools at the time of the French departure, but when they were, the bloody war of liberation was clearly marked as a glorious and heroic rebirth for the Algerian people.
Previous work has shown that the constituent elements of national narratives are often open to multiple interpretations, hence allowing for investing them with altered or new meanings as the polity evolves and as the leadership may need. As a result, even deeply rooted narratives have a degree of flexibility, leading to relative stability in most tropes over time. Only during periods of crisis – economic, political, military, etc. – does it appear that sufficient “space” opens up for major revisions or reconstructions of basic story lines and values. My research revealed that in the cases of Egypt, Algeria and Jordan, certain types of regime transition – particularly unexpected leadership changes, as with Gamal Abdel Nasser’s death in 1970 and Houari Boumediene’s death in 1978 – seemed to open the way for significant, if not sudden, narrative revisions. However, only in the cases of the implantation of a completely new ruling group does it seem that attempt is made to generate a wholly new founding story.
What we see now with the Islamic State is in keeping with these examples. If one reads the entirety of its recent curriculum directive, the outlines of a new narrative under the declared caliphate can be discerned. The term “Syrian Arab Republic” is to be removed completely and replaced with “the Islamic State,” and the Syrian national anthem is to be discarded or suppressed. There is to be no teaching of the concepts of national patriotism (wataniyyah) or Arab nationalism (qawmiyyah); rather, students are to be taught that they belong to Islam and its people, to strict monotheism and its adherents, and that the land of the Muslim is the land in which God’s path (shar’ Allah) governs. The words “homeland” (watan), “his homeland,” “my homeland,” or “Syria” are to be replaced wherever they are found with the phrases “the Islamic state,” “his Islamic state,” “land of the Muslims” or the “Sham (or other the Islamic State-governed) Province.” The teacher is instructed to replace any gaps in Arabic language and grammar instructional materials that may result from the suppression of these terms with examples that do not conflict with sharia or the Islamic State. In addition, all pictures that violate sharia are to be removed, as are any examples in mathematics that involve usury, interest, democracy or elections. Finally, in the science curriculum anything that is associated with Darwin’s theory or evolution is to be removed and all creation is to be attributed to God.
Thus the nascent narrative has several key bases that reveal its radical nature. First is the change, not only of the name, but also of the form of state – for it is not really “national” – affiliation. Second is the rejection of the national anthem and all of the history and values it represents. Third is the suppression of existing types of belonging, well established in the Arab world – qawmiyyah and wataniyyah – and their replacement with a particular version of a religious creed. A new founding narrative is clearly in the process of being constructed and inculcated.
While it may be tempting, upon seeing the brutal videos of the Islamic State’s campaign of “shock and awe” to call it a “death cult” as some commentators recently have, much of what it is currently engaged in has clear parallels in other historical examples of conquest aimed at securing control over both territory and people. How far the Islamic State will be able to extend its aspirations to state-like control, and to what extent it will be able to consolidate those structures currently in place remain to be seen. For those keen to counter and defeat it, as well as those simply intent upon understanding its origins and prospects, nascent entity-consolidating activities like the promulgation of a new narrative through, among other means, a reconstructed educational curriculum, demand closer attention and analysis.
Laurie A. Brand is the Robert Grandford Wright Professor of International Relations and Middle East Studies at the University of Southern California. She is the author of “Official Stories: Politics and National Narratives in Egypt and Algeria” (Stanford University Press, 2014).
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410194832/1410194832000/1410194832 tracking: {authors=Laurie A. Brand, blog_name=monkey-cage, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=the-islamic-state-and-the-politics-of-official-narratives, post_id=15423, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 4:47:12 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 4:47:12 PM

Five moments that tell you more about Brittany Murphy than Lifetime’s debacle.By Stacia L. Brown September 8
Actress Brittany Murphy in 2005. (Reuters/Mario Anzuoni)
Lifetime’s “The Brittany Murphy Story” doesn’t think much of Brittany Murphy. The grim, made-for-cable biopic, which premiered on Saturday, depicts the singer-actress as dowdy, insecure, and codependent, ignoring her considerable talent and zeroing in on her mysterious, creepy relationship with Simon Monjack (Eric Petersen), the paparazzo-turned-screenwriter who would eventually become her husband.
Amanda Fuller, the actress tasked with playing Murphy, is handicapped not only by her lack of physical resemblance to Murphy but also by an inability to capture Murphy’s incandescence. It would’ve been a tough task for any actress. Trying to embody another, better-known performer — one whose ticks and talents are almost inimitable — presents a considerable challenge. Fuller in particular didn’t seem up to it.
There was an ineffable something about Brittany Murphy. She was fragile, her eyes ever-threatening to tear, her speaking voice often a feathery lilt, but the songs that rang out of that tiny birdlike body were unnervingly powerful. She could convincingly play psychotic, in films like “Girl, Interrupted” or “Don’t Say a Word,” but she’d also weave a bit of that wild-eyed, unhinged act into a comedy role to great effect. She was part Wendy, part-Pan, often giving interviews as though she were on holiday from a private, ominous Wonderland. All those delicate disparities, all that versatility and vulnerability, should’ve guided Fuller’s onscreen portrayal.
The real tragedy of Lifetime’s rendering is not in the sad goings-on that preceded Murphy’s death but in the complete absence of the joy and oddness and passion that made Brittany Murphy. Lifetime reduces her to a giggling, antidepressant-
popper whose career is over almost as soon as it begins. While this isn’t surprising — what are Lifetime Original Movies, if not reductive and salacious? — it’s yet another way to sell short a young woman whose rumor-plagued career overshadowed her promise. Five years following her untimely passing, she still deserves better.
Because the best way to honor actors is to revisit their work when they’re gone, here are five moments, all under 15 minutes, that tell you more about Brittany Murphy than 100+ minutes of watching “The Brittany Murphy Story” did.
1. “ Boogie Wonderland ” (“Happy Feet”)
I saw this film in IMAX and cried during this scene. I thought, at the time, that it was because I was going through a break-up, but I watched it this weekend and my eyes welled all over again. It’s not me; it’s Gloria. The moment when Murphy’s Gloria realizes she’s in love with Mumble (Elijah Wood), and that she can sing better to the rhythm of his dancing than she can to any other smooth-voiced penguin in the tundra, is some of the finest voice-acting I’ve ever seen in an animated film. Check out the moment when she pushes the word, “Dance!” up from the pit of her stomach at 1:38 of this video . The breath she loses and catches and the pregnant pause that follows have always been the best part of that film for me.
2. “ Soldier Boy ” by The Shirelles (“Riding in Cars with Boys”)
I’ve always believed “Riding in Cars with Boys” would’ve been a much better film if Drew Barrymore and Brittany Murphy had switched roles. Murphy had the chops to pull off the film’s hardest dramatic beats, while Barrymore was far out of her depth. But if Brittany Murphy hadn’t played Faye, we wouldn’t have gotten this amazing, throwaway bit where she hijacks the mic at her best friend’s joyless shotgun wedding reception to sing to her boyfriend who’s headed off to war. When James Woods cuts her off and the actor playing her boyfriend yells out, while wiping away tears, “Let her finish!” you want to yell right along with him.
3. The “ My Daughter’s a Tramp ” scene (“Riding in Cars with Boys”)
Though intended as a vehicle for Barrymore, Murphy and her co-star Steve Zahn stole this movie in their supporting roles. Aside from Zahn’s scenes, this one is probably the best and most memorable in the film.
4. “ Molly Smiles ” (“Uptown Girls”)
A lot of people hate “Uptown Girls,” and I understand why they might. It’s fairly cliche. But as is the case with a lot of Murphy’s films, she was one of its better casting choices. Her role as a child trapped in a woman’s body, trying to find the right tenor of responsibility and authority, is a fantastic foil to Dakota Fanning’s controlled, tiny-adult performance. It seemed to be a role to which Murphy, who’d worked as a child actress, could easily relate. In this scene, her character has done considerable work on herself and become a surrogate parental figure to a precocious girl, while retaining her childlike sense of wonder. The film wouldn’t have worked without this ending and Murphy’s acting earned it.
5. Late Night with David Letterman
For a “starlet,” Brittany Murphy made a surprising number of Letterman appearances. Most of them were as quirky and meandering as Murphy often seemed to be, and if you watch them chronologically, you’ll notice she and Letterman developing a rapport over time. The appearance linked above, in which Letterman keeps complimenting Murphy on her return to brunette hair and then flusters her by finding a reason to touch it, is one of my favorites. This appearance , in which she mentions her mother’s breast cancer (yet another experience the Lifetime film gives short shrift) and a brief marriage engagement (one of four she would accept over the course of her short life), is also worth watching.
Whatever Murphy’s personal struggles, it’s clear that the biggest impression she hoped to bring was through her full-bodied performances. Skip the Lifetime debacle and ask anyone who was a fan of her work to name their favorite of her onscreen moments. It’s likely they’ll come up with five that are completely different than mine. For an artist who wasn’t around long enough to realize her full potential and who was often better than her material, that says far more about her talent than a shoddily made biopic ever could.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410192147/1410192147000/1410192147 tracking: {authors=Stacia L. Brown, blog_name=act-four, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=five-moments-that-tell-you-more-about-brittany-murphy-than-lifetimes-debacle, post_id=3216, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 4:02:27 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 4:02:27 PM

Arizona declares emergency amid deluge— Michael Chow (@photochowder) September 8, 2014
The area around Phoenix remained under a flash flood warning as of noon (on the East Coast), with flash flood watches across much of the rest of the state. And the deluge isn’t about to let up, as Angela Fritz notes at the Capital Weather Gang .
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He anchors Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410193292/1410193292000/1410193292 tracking: {authors=Mark Berman, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=emergency-declared-in-arizona-amid-incredible-rain-flooding, post_id=11142, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 4:21:32 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 4:21:32 PM

HC seeks responses of Centre  KFA on PNB pleaPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 09:24 PM IST
HC seeks responses of Centre, KFA on PNB plea
PNB challenged an order of a single-judge bench of the high court which had allowed lawyers to represent the airline in the proceedings
The Delhi High Court today sought responses of the Centre and Kingfisher Airlines on a plea that lawyers cannot appear before lending bank PNB in the process to declare the ailing carrier and its guarantors, Vijay Mallya and UBHL, as wilful defaulters.
Punjab National Bank (PNB), in its plea, has challenged an order of a single-judge bench of the high court which had allowed lawyers to represent the airline in the proceedings to decide whether the carrier and its guarantors, Mallya and United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd (UBHL) are to be held wilful defaulters for non-payment of dues of over Rs 770 crore.
A bench of Chief Justice G Rohini and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw issued notice to the airline and the central government seeking their replies within a week on PNB's plea. "We would like to hear the other side (Kingfisher). Issue notice. Returnable on September 15," the bench said.
PNB contended that it had issued notice on August 21 to the airline asking why it and its guarantors be not declared wilful defaulters for non-payment of dues as per RBI guidelines. PNB had said in its notice that in the event of no reply within seven days from August 21, the airline and its guarantors would be deemed as wilful defaulters.
The single-judge bench of the high court in its August 28 order had also stayed the bank's notice to the extent that the airline and its guarantors would be held as wilful defaulters for not replying within seven days. The court had said the operation of the default notice would not come into effect as PNB will have to give to the airline, within a week from August 28, the documents relied upon by it and Kingfisher was given two weeks time thereafter to respond.
In its appeal PNB has said the airline had not disclosed that a similar plea of the carrier, against United Bank of India, was dismissed by a division bench of the Calcutta High Court on July 16. It has also submitted that the airline's appeal against the Calcutta High Court's decision was dismissed by the Supreme Court on September 2.
The Delhi High Court in its August 28 order had held as "unacceptable" the bank's reasons for not allowing the airline to be represented by lawyers in the proceedings initiated to decide whether the grounded carrier is a wilful defaulter for non-payment of dues and directed that two advocates be allowed to represent Kingfisher.
Kingfisher had moved the court seeking directions to the bank to rescind its August 21 notice and those issued earlier as well as to restrain it from taking any action against the airlines in pursuance of the same.
The court had also said that the hearing before the committee will be held on September 22 and would be concluded the same day within six hours in order to prevent any delay. According to PNB, the airline has wilfully defaulted in payment of outstanding dues of over Rs 774 crore. It has also submitted that Kingfisher Airlines has already been held as a wilful defaulter by United Bank of India for non-payment of dues.
 

Gammon Infra Projects raises Rs 259 cr through QIPPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 09:00 PM IST
Gammon Infra Projects raises Rs 259 cr through QIP
Gammon Infrastructure Projects today said it has raised Rs 259 crore through a qualified institutional placement (QIP).
Gammon Infrastructure Projects today said it has raised Rs 259 crore through a qualified institutional placement (QIP).
"The QIP Committee of Directors at its meeting held on September 08, 2014, has approved the issue and allotment of 20,41,74,286 equity shares to eligible qualified institutional buyers at the issue price of Rs. 12.68 per equity share, aggregating to approximately Rs. 258.89 crores," the company said in a filing to the BSE.
Gammon Infrastructure Projects Limited (GIPL) is an infrastructure project development company incorporated by Gammon India Limited, to participate in the development of infrastructure projects on a public private partnership (PPP) basis.
Shares of the company closed at Rs 14.31 per scrip on the BSE, down 2.59% from previous closing.
 Advertisements

Ahmedabad continues to have highest mall vacancy in Q2 of 2014BS Reporter |  Ahmedabad Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 08:57 PM IST
Ahmedabad continues to have highest mall vacancy in Q2 of 2014
Industry sources say over supply coupled with low market sentiments has resulted in continued high mall vacancy levels in Ahmedabad
Even as a new mall gets added in the city in the third quarter of calendar year 2014, at over 30 per cent, Ahmedabad continues to have the highest mall vacancy among top eight cities since last three quarters.
According to Cushman & Wakefield's latest retail reports, at 31.16 per cent, Ahmedabad yet again registered the highest mall vacancy among top eight Indian cities.
Industry sources say over supply coupled with low market sentiments has resulted in continued high mall vacancy levels in Ahmedabad.
"Retailers are finding it difficult to survive in this market. Supply is increasing but on the other hand there are less number of retailers available," said Pranav Shah, managing director of Navratna Group which owns the Gulmohar Park Mall. As per Sanjay Dutt, executive managing director, South Asia Cushman & Wakefield, there has been limited availability of quality mall space kept transaction activity low in Ahmedabad.
"A few transactions by local brands at S.G. Highway led to mall vacancies declining by 0.4 percentage points to 31.2 per cent. In Q2, given high mall vacancy levels and a high preference for main streets, Ahmedabad did not witness any mall supply and has no mall under construction," said Dutt.
However, in the third quarter the vacancy levels are expected to further decline thanks to Venus Infrastructure and Alpha G:Corp jointly launching a new mall 'CG Square'. Developed by Venus and being managed by Alpha G:Corp, the mall runs entirely on the model of leasing of space.
"One of the reasons for high mall vacancy is also because of the unsustainable model of selling space in mall. We have experienced that a healthier model is to lease out space to retailers and allow the developer to retain ownership," said Rajesh Vaswani, executive director, Venus Infrastructure and Prodipta Sen, executive director - marketing, retail at Alpha G: Corp.
 Advertisements

Belgian firm Wabco opens manufacturing unit in UPBS Reporter |  Lucknow Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 08:52 PM IST
Belgian firm Wabco opens manufacturing unit in UP
Wabco designs, manufactures and markets conventional/advanced braking systems and other related products for automobiles
Belgian firm Wabco has launched its state-of-the-art manufacturing unit in the Barabanki district of Uttar Pradesh.
The company has invested Rs 20 crore in this facility. Wabco designs, manufactures and markets conventional and advanced braking systems and other related products for automobiles.
This unit would primarily cater to the Tata Motors facility located near the state capital, Wabco India Vice-President P Kaniappan said.
“The factory is currently running at 30 per cent of capacity and employs 150 people. By December 2015, we are confident it would run at optimum capacity,” he said.
 Advertisements

Eircom lines up Dublin flotation plansSeptember 8, 2014 4:48 pm
Eircom lines up Dublin flotation plans
By Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4ca93ba4-3762-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Now a strong government will be talking to ObamaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

There is no full stop in diplomacy: SushmaIndia-Pakistan
Ms. Swaraj also expressed India’s disappointment in delay of the trial of Mumbai terror attack case in Pakistan
India does not have a closed mind on the question of Prime Minister Narendra Modi meeting his Pakistani counterpart, Nawaz Sharif, on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly in New York later this month, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said here on Monday.
“We do not have a preconceived approach towards it. We shall decide according to how the situation emerges,” Ms. Swaraj said.
The Minister said India’s engagement with China involves cooperation and competition, and expressed confidence that the forthcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jingping would yield “substantial and solid” results.
Presenting the track record of her Ministry at her first press conference, Ms. Swaraj said the National Democratic Alliance government’s diplomacy so far has been “strong, sensitive and proactive.”
She said Mr. Modi’s recent remarks in Japan about the dangers of “expansionism” did not refer to China.
The Minister, however, added that India wanted China to “understand and appreciate” its “sensitivities” regarding Arunachal Pradesh as New Delhi respected Beijing’s position on Tibet.
Ms. Swaraj blamed Pakistan for the recent collapse of bilateral engagements with it as it insisted on talking to Kashmiri separatists, but added that talks between the two countries could be revived.

Coal Block Auctions Likely by FY15-EndChina Likely to Set Up Industrial Parks in India: Commerce Minister
New Delhi:
As the government awaits Supreme Court's decision on the mines allotted since 1993, Ministry of Power and Coal is firming up plans to commence the auction process by the end of current financial year (2014-15).
The apex court will continue the hearing on the fate of coal blocks allotted between 1993 and 2011 tomorrow. Last month, the Supreme Court had held that all 218 allocations made from 1993 to 2011 are illegal and arbitrary.
According to sources, the Ministry of Power and Coal is planning to auction the blocks, allocation of which may be scrapped by the apex court, by the end of the fiscal.
"The entire process of coal block auction will take at least 6 months," the source said.
The consequences of declaring the allocations illegal would be considered tomorrow taking into account the investments made by companies for various projects and the procedure to be adopted for cancellation.
Of the 218 allocations, 80 were already de-allocated prior to the verdict. Of the remaining 138, 40 are operational with clear licences, while six others are ready to start operations.
The government had urged SC to spare 46 coal blocks - 40 functional ones and six which are ready to start operations.
The apex court has asked Centre, the three Associations - Coal Producers Association, Sponge Iron Manufacturers Association and Independent Power Producers Association of India - and petitioners to file their affidavits.
When asked whether his ministry is prepared to hold auctions if the apex court cancels all the allotted mines, Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal said yesterday, "We are ready for every scenario."
However, he did not elaborate the timeline for coal block auctions.
SC, on August 25, held that all coal blocks allocated during the last 17 years since 1993 by various regimes at the Centre were done illegally and arbitrarily, bringing uncertainty to the fate of 218 block allocations and consequential investments to the tune of around Rs 2 lakh crore.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 18:34 (IST)
MORE FROM NDTV

Lanco Cuts Down Workforce by 30%You are here: Home Corporates
Lanco Cuts Down Workforce by 30% Due to Slowdown
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 18:22 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
Hyderabad:
Lanco Infratech, which has interests in infrastructure, power and realty segments, retrenched 30 per cent of its 5,700 workforce during the last financial year due to slowdown in development of some of its projects amid subdued market conditions.
According to the latest annual report of the infra major, the group, which had a workforce of 5,700 by the end of March 2013, cut down its workforce to 4,000 by the end of March this year. By the end of FY12, it had nearly 8,000 employees, the report said.
"During the year 2013-14, employee benefits expenses decreased by 38 per cent over the previous year. The decrease was on account of fall in the total number of employees in the group due to a slowdown in the development of future projects as a result of a slowdown in economic activity in the country," Lanco said in its annual report.
The group spent Rs 353 crore on salaries, allowances and benefits to employees during FY14 as against Rs 549 crore in FY13, as per the data in the annual report.
On a consolidated basis, the company reported gross revenues of Rs 10,597.85 crore in 2013-14 as against Rs 13,887.66 crore in the previous year.
Net loss after tax and adjustment of minority interest and share of profits of associates was Rs 2,273.88 crore, as against Rs 1,073.30 crore for the year 2012-13.
Gross interest and finance charges, on a consolidated basis, amounted to Rs 2,762.12 crore in comparison to Rs 2,421.44 crore due to increase in loans and working capital requirements for project execution, the report said.
On the Griffin Coal Mining Company, which is Lanco's Australian subsidiary, the report said that steps are underway to reach a short-term production target of 5 million tonnes by March 2015.
Production at the mine during 2013-14 was 2.83 metric tonnes with sales of 2.95 metric tonne.
"Capacity enhancement programme has been raised to 15 metric tonne per annum and it is in the planning phase. The company also recently received environmental clearance to develop a new berth (Berth 14 A) at Bunbury port to export coal from Griffin," it said.
However, Griffin Coal suffered a net loss of Rs 714 crore on a Rs 681 crore revenue during the last financial year due to higher construction, development and generation expenses, the annual report said.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 18:18 (IST)

Democrats have a depth problem. It’s largely their own fault.By Aaron Blake September 8 Follow @aaronblakewp
Women Democratic members of the U.S. House of Representatives gather on stage after speaking at the 2012 Democratic National Convention on Sept. 4, 2012, in Charlotte, N.C. (Bonnie Jo Mount/The Washington Post)
A couple weeks back, I wrote a piece on the lack of a Democratic bench in many key states  —  most notably swing states like Florida, Ohio and North Carolina, but also in blue states like Pennsylvania and Michigan. The reason? Republicans so dominated the redistricting process after the 2010 election in these states that they drew state legislative and congressional maps that left few opportunities for upwardly mobile Democrats to work their way up the ladder. Most of these states have heavily Republicans state legislatures and congressional districts, despite being competitive at the presidential level, and that causes long-term problems for Democrats. The piece caught the attention of Mark Riddle, who is the executive director of the New Leaders Council , which seeks to train young progressive stars of the future. Here is his response:
Last week, in his article “Democrats have a depth problem,” Aaron Blake broke down big electoral battleground states and identified a brutal truth: “ … the cupboard is pretty bare when it comes to recruiting capable Democrats into big-time statewide campaigns. ”
As executive director of the New Leaders Council, I tend to agree.
The root cause for this “depth problem” is actually pretty simple: It stems from the fact that we progressives too often have short attention spans. I see it when I travel across the country, only to see strategic conversations devolve into “Can you fix our movement?” or “We need to recruit candidates” — as if there is a magic wand that just needs to be waived or a candidate tree to shake.
The fact is, with the institutional disadvantages we face, the progressive community needs to commit to building a well-funded and sustainable infrastructure. When I hear questions like those above, I point to one sobering fact: The conservative movement’s Leadership Institute has trained over 100,000 leaders since 1979 and has an annual budget of $13 million. But its counterpart — New Leaders Council — is only nine years old and runs on a budget of just $900,000.
For more than 60 years, the conservative movement has heavily invested in building an organized and long-term pipeline to turn promising young leaders into election-winning candidates. They have done this through groups like the Leadership Institute, GOPAC and the Heritage Foundation, and they have invested countless millions of dollars in this effort.
By contrast, the modern progressive effort is less than a decade in the making, essentially starting after John Kerry’s loss in 2004.
Furthermore, when it comes to building a bench, the saying “all politics is local” has never been more appropriate. Conservatives understand this. They know that the real action is at the municipal level: school boards, mayors, city councils and state legislative bodies. And they have built a clear ladder for young leaders to climb — from doorknocker to trained activist, all the way to campaign surrogate and finally, candidate.
Conservatives, adhering to the all-politics-is-local mantra, have used this model to install future members of Congress into positions such as county commissioner, state representative and beyond, creating an assembly line whereby, as soon as one member moves “up,” there stands another in line to take the recently promoted one’s place. Along the way, training and networking hubs are provided to launch their most effective pupils to even higher heights. From there, those individuals affect policy, including redistricting, campaign finance and patronage, using their positions and design of these policies to ensures their bench remains well-stocked with higher-office potential.
To compete, progressives must become equally as disciplined in training and equally as strategic when investing our dollars. It is easy to get excited about the newest shiny object, focus only on presidential elections and not midterms, and spend millions on “sexy” lost causes. But when it comes to the less glamorous and more serious work of making smart investments in long-term leadership development, we run out of interest and funds.
Put another way: Conservatives run their training and leadership development operations like a blue-chip business on the NYSE, reliably paying steady dividends.  Yet we run ours as if hoping for the next big IPO payday.
This does not have to be the case.
I would recommend two guidelines for success, and highlight one bright spot on the horizon as progressives think through the “bench” issue.
One guideline is New Leaders Council. Of course, I might be biased, but the simple fact is NLC is on the ground across the country doing the hard work of progressive infrastructure and leadership development. Through its 40 chapters, NLC will train more than 700 leaders in 2015 and will have over 3,000 alumni. This infrastructure, while far shy of what the Leadership Institute is doing for Republicans, will be the future backbone of the progressive movement, and the well of talent it generates will lead us into the next generation.
Blake’s piece zeroes in on Florida, where Democrats control just 10 of 27 congressional seats, no statewide constitutional offices and less than 40 percent of both state legislative chambers. Well, since 2011, NLC’s presence in Florida grew from one chapter to seven, and these chapters have trained more than 200 promising leaders. In just three short years, NLC has built a statewide network of trained, capable and engaged political entrepreneurs. These are folks who will become candidates and populate the “bench” at every level in Florida.
And NLC is replicating this model in major markets like Texas, Ohio and North Carolina, as well as Montana, Louisiana, Iowa and Nebraska. Blake’s piece correctly diagnoses the problem in Florida, and NLC’s organizing and leadership development work is one part of the treatment.
The other is in Kentucky. Yes, it sounds hard to believe, but many of the swing and blue states in Blake’s piece would love to have Kentucky’s bench. Admittedly, Kentucky has inherent advantages when it comes to progressive politics, including a strong Democratic history, an important labor constituency, less racial politics than neighbors to the south and 120 counties driving patronage. It also is a state Bill Clinton won twice.
But for years, Kentucky progressives have also invested in on-the-ground infrastructure, both formally and informally. And it starts at the top. Gov. Steve Beshear, a Democrat, is committed to raising money for campaigns (an often overlooked skill) and has focused on jobs as well as being bold in supporting the Affordable Care Act. Kentucky also has a robust in-state independent expenditure effort that dates back to 2007 to drive the message. And, finally, Kentucky has a clear leadership development pipeline for emerging progressives, with groups like Emerge doing amazing work with women candidates, and New Leaders Council and Truman National Security Project organizing and training new leaders on the ground to step up when the moment arises.
The fruit of those investments has paid off, as seen in strong candidates like Senate hopeful and Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes, attorney general and governor hopeful Jack Conway, state Auditor Adam Edelen, attorney general candidate Andy Beshear, Lexington Mayor Jim Gray and numerous others. Kentucky, where Democrats hold five of six statewide constitutional offices, is an example for other states to study.
Technology and emerging demographic advantages have enabled progressives to make great strides. But we cannot rely on passive trend lines to carry the movement forward. We have to do the hard work.  To build a truly progressive future, it is about recruiting, training and promoting leaders in all sectors and seasons, not just election cycles. And building a broad and deep cross-sectorial coalition in government, legal, nonprofit and corporate leadership positions takes time and serious resources.
The “depth problem” is very real and we are seeing the real-life consequences today pointed out by Blake. However, the bright spot is this: There is an emerging progressive pipeline to build talent. Along with New Leaders Council, hard working groups like Roosevelt, Organizing for Action, NOI, Emerge, Progress Now, Truman, Labor, Our Time, Voto Latino, Bootcamps, Project New America, NDN, the Center for American Progress, the Progressive Policy Institute and others provide skills and networks to the next generation of leaders.
Bill Clinton always said, “Elections are about the future.” I agree. The battle between conservatives and progressives for the millennial generation — what will be the largest voting block in American history — will likely determine the next 50 years of our country.
Mark Riddle is a media consultant, political strategist and veteran of numerous campaigns. He is also executive director of New Leaders Council and the New Leaders Council Community Action Initiative. All statements and opinions are personal to the author; organizational affiliations and titles provided only for identification purposes.
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410197640/1410197640000/1410197640 tracking: {authors=Aaron Blake, blog_name=the-fix, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=democrats-have-a-depth-problem-its-largely-their-own-fault, post_id=110044, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 5:34:00 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 5:34:00 PM

Nevada will give $1 billion in incentives to a company to move there. It won’t even see direct benefits for a decade.Comments
By Hunter Schwarz September 8
Customers and journalists examine a Tesla Model S sedan at an event in Beijing in April. (AP Photo/Ng Han Guan)
Tesla’s decision to build their $5 billion “Gigafactory” in Sparks, Nev., came with some attractive incentives, including 10 years of exemptions from multiple state taxes, which means no direct fiscal benefits for the state until then, although it can expect indirect ones.
The incentives include transferable tax credits of $12,500 for up to 6,000 permanent, full-time employees, no real or personal property taxes until 2024, and exemption from Nevada’s 1.17 percent modified business tax on wages for 10 years, according to a report from Moody’s.
Nevada estimates the factory will create 3,000 new construction jobs over the course of three years, and once it opens, will employ 6,500 at an average wage of $25 and hour. The regional median hourly wage is $16.09.
The state also estimates the factory will produce additional indirect jobs and increase state employment by two percent.
Nevada had a 7.7 percent unemployment rate in June, one of the highest in the country, according to Moody’s, and is heavily reliant on leisure and hospitality, which accounts for more than a quarter of all non-farm employment.
“The factory will diversify the state’s and region’s economies,” Moody’s wrote in the report. “However, the state’s proposed tax incentives of $1.25 billion will mute the financial benefit.”
The increase in jobs in the area will boost sales tax revenue, which accounts for 28 percent of Nevada’s revenue, Moody’s noted, and lead to higher real estate values.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410185571/1410185571000/1410185571 tracking: {authors=Hunter Schwarz, blog_name=govbeat, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=nevadas-1-25-billion-in-incentives-for-teslas-factory-means-they-wont-see-direct-fiscal-benefits-for-a-decade, post_id=15007, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 2:12:51 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 2:12:51 PM

Nationals fan club honors Adam LaRoche with ‘Camo Night’By Scott Allen September 8 Follow @ScottSAllen
(Via Half Street Irregulars)
The Half Street Irregulars, an unofficial, invite-only Nationals fan club that formed in 2012, promotes positive fan behavior, and generally seeks to have a good time, has hosted a series of pregame gatherings at Nationals Park this season.
In June, they celebrated  Obscure and Embarrassing Jersey and Shirsey Night , inviting fellow fans to dig their Luis Atilano  T-shirts (really) and Todd Coffey jerseys out of the closet. In August, they dressed up for  Gentleman Jerry Blevins Night , a nod to Blevins’s first tweet after being acquired by the Nationals . And on Saturday, they paid tribute to Buck Commander Adam LaRoche the best way they knew how: by getting decked out in camo.
(Via Half Street Irregulars)
“We decided that with his contract being up, we wanted to do something just to celebrate one of our favorite players,” Julie Morris, one of the founders of the Half Street Irregulars, said.
In addition to the 15 to 20 regular Irregulars who attended Saturday’s event at the Red Porch Bar, LaRoche’s wife, Jennifer, and his two brothers, Andy and Jeff, made surprise appearances. Duck Dynasty’s Willie Robertson, who has been spotted at Nationals Park before , also joined in the fun and posed for photos with fans.
LaRoche went 0 for 3 with a walk and two strikeouts on Saturday, but blasted two home runs in Sunday’s 3-2 win  over the Phillies.
“I like to think we inspired him,” Morris said.
The grand prize winner of $25 in Nats Bucks, @Star_enilnO with a total of 10 items of camo clothing/accessories!!! pic.twitter.com/ACQxLPQve2 — Half St Irregulars (@Half_St_Irr) September 6, 2014
The reaction from other fans on Saturday was mostly positive, according to Morris, who acquired a camo dress for the occasion.
“It is not something I normally wear, but I figured if I’m going to do it, you might as well go big or go home,” said Morris, one of five Irregulars who got a permanent curly ‘W’ tattoo in January. “I’ll find an excuse to wear it again.”
This just happened, Jen LaRoche putting camo paint on @jonfeng1 #HSICamoNight pic.twitter.com/33atXFiXdr — Half St Irregulars (@Half_St_Irr) September 6, 2014

Niles Paul prepares for expanded dutiesComments
Niles Paul, here running from Danieal Manning, played a key role in the opener as a tight end, not just a special teamer. (Patric Schneider/Associated Press)
The Washington Redskins had high hopes for Jordan Reed , who last season showed plenty of promise before despite missing seven games with various ailments. But the second-year tight end was unable to make it through the first quarter of Sunday’s 17-6 season opening loss to the Houston Texans before straining his left hamstring .
Niles Paul became the primary tight end thereafter, and he’s set to continue in that role with Reed’s status uncertain heading into Week 2 against the Jacksonville Jaguars at FedEx Field. Coach Jay Gruden indicated Reed would require an MRI exam, adding he could miss significant time.
“Same way I’ve been preparing since Day One,” Paul said Monday during the team’s open locker room. Tight ends “coach Wes [Phillips] told me to train like I was number one.”
Paul led the Redskins with 86 receiving yards on four catches but fumbled at the Houston 7 following a 48-yard catch. Safety D.J. Swearinger pried the ball loose, and safety Kendrick Lewis recovered to thwart a second straight drive into the red zone.
Primarily a special teams player, Paul started 10 games over his first three seasons with the Redskins after being selected in the fifth round in the 2011 NFL draft. Last season he had four receptions for 51 yards. Reed’s single-season highs came in 2012 with eight catches for 152 yards and one touchdown.
The Redskins committed multiple errors on special teams, including having a punt blocked for a touchdown and having an extra point attempt blocked.
“Obviously we got beat up and under, and we can’t allow that to happen,” Paul said. “All together in the coverage scheme, we did good. We did some great things on special teams. Like I said, it was a couple mistakes here that can easily be fixed and just improve from it.”
Joining Paul on the field Sunday during two tight-end sets was Logan Paulsen . The blocking specialist had two catches for no yards but spent part of the afternoon trying to help keep all-pro defensive end J.J. Watt at bay. Watt had five quarterback hurries, two tackles for loss, one sack and one pass defensed.
The Redskins draw another disruptive defensive playmaker this week in Jaguars linebacker Paul Posluszny, who was selected to the Pro Bowl last season. In Sunday’s 34-17 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles, Posluszny led Jacksonville with 11 solo tackles and 12 overall.
“It’s still early in the season. It’s the first game of the year,” Paulsen said. “We’ve just got to kind of find our identity, and hopefully this week and during practice what we did in this last game will help us do that.”
More from The Post:

SC puts on hold Nithari killer Koli s executionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian banks  UK arms seen getting hit by BoE s new normsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rupee hits over 5-week high; central bank steps in to check gainsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Japan PM condoles J&K flood death and devastationThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sanatan_mohanty  the figures u have mentioned are standalone figures.....Platinum Member
53 Followers
Sir Thanks a lot for recognising that. Kindly go to results of Q3 2013-14. Find out how much FG REI added in that quarter and how much it has sold in Q4 2013-14 and Q1 2014-15, Leave aside what FG it had in stock as at the end of q3 2013-14. Pl see if what FG it added in Q3 2013-14 was fully sold in the subsequent two quarters ending 30/06/2014 or not. If not is there an answer to why not?
In reply to : sanatan_mohanty message
11.03 PM Sep 8th

Aur apni apni diary mein likh k rakh lo.... jis jis din molly ne beari...Chief of Bureau, CNBC-TV18 Mumbai
2353
Financial Markets Anchor & Research Analyst
12551
Head - Research
2549
After United Bank, now SBI declares KFA a willful defaulter. Is it too late for banks to recover their dues?
Yes

Tomorrow expected nifty range 8140-8200 on spot...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Call for 09-sep-2014 :"buy amrutanjan for intraday  target 1: 337.7  t...Chief of Bureau, CNBC-TV18 Mumbai
2353
Financial Markets Anchor & Research Analyst
12551
Head - Research
2549
After United Bank, now SBI declares KFA a willful defaulter. Is it too late for banks to recover their dues?
Yes

Centre to review Plantation Labour ActCentre to review Plantation Labour Act
LN Revathy
Rajani Ranjan Rashmi (second left), Additional Secretary, Commerce Ministry, going at an exhibition in organised by UPASI in Coonoor. M SATHYAMOORTHY
Coonoor, September 8:  
The Centre is considering reviewing the Plantation Labour Act to align it with the current practices and development in the industry, according to an official of the Commerce Ministry.
“The Commerce Ministry would like the (Plantation Labour) Act to be reviewed and rationalised. The Plantation Labour Act and the Minimum Wages Act are just a few of the laws that need drastic overhaul,” said Rajani Ranjan Rashmi, Additional Secretary, Commerce Ministry, chairing the Commodity Outlook session at The United Planters’ Association of Southern India.
When planters raised the issue of compulsory routing of tea through auction, he said: “We have to devise a system that works. This cannot be viewed in isolation, but only in keeping with the current scenario.”
The Tea Board has proposed compulsory auction of 70 per cent of teas manufactured by the Bought Leaf Factories. This was proposed in the light of the Madras High Court Order, which asked the Centre and Tea Board to fix a realistic price for green leaf for small growers taking into account the cost of production.
Planters said that it would not be fair to route teas through a compulsory auction system. After hearing the arguments, the Additional Secretary said “there is a need to have a relook at the auction policy. It can be discussed and resolved”. On spices, he said that the Government is planning to allow export of cardamom and formalise the e-auction system in the interest of the trade, to ensure transparency and flexibility of business.
He said that the Ministry would support international trade and quality of commodities, a paramount concern of the Ministry at this juncture.
When his attention was drawn to the Minimum Wages Act , he said “it is for the State Government to impose the Minimum Wages Act. The Ministry has insisted. While I can’t fault the State Government, I can only say that there has been some lapse in different quarters. Minimum wages have to be paid. We are in a dialogue with the Ministry of Labour.”
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Test Any Business Idea for Less Than $400reddit
You've got a great idea for a new store, app or restaurant.  Your friends like it.  Your cousin Mike that hates everything you do loves it too.  That may be enough intel to try a new restaurant next weekend, but should you quit your job and invest in a Cosby Show paraphernalia shop before doing basic marketing research? It's amazing how many businesses are started on a hunch or feeling.
Instead, budget $400 in some general digital marketing tactics to test the waters out by doing the following:
1 - Create a 1-page website - Nothing fancy.  This is your digital 'coming soon' sign.  It has your business' name, purpose and a way to sign up for updates.  Put some products up for pre-order if applicable.  The key is to keep this at one or two pages.
You can write something like 'We are testing the waters to put up a Cosby Show paraphernalia store on Main St.  If this interests you let us know! We'll start groundbreaking when we get 348 signups."
Services like LanderApp and Instapage let you build simple signup pages for free for 30-days, but there are tons of freelancers and companies that will do this for you for $150 or less.  This is the trailer, not the movie.
2 - Count traffic - Count your conversions using Google Analytics or any other free website statistic tool.  You should be able to know who is signing up, how they got to your site and their IP address/geographical location.  Geography is important to brick and motor businesses like restaurants.  Pay close attention to site visitors and signups on your page from Uptown Dallas if that is where you're planning your restaurant to be.  Those signups count more than a signup from China since they live nowhere near the restaurant.
3 - Generate Interest - This can be done in many ways depending on the business.  Tell people that love the Cosby Show all about the store you're planning.  That means going online to Cosby Show forums and Facebook pages and getting the word out.  This shouldn't cost you more than the time needed to tell as many as people as you can about your proposed store.
Consider spending $100 on Twitter and Google Ads each to increase website traffic.  You may be lucky to score ad credit and try these for free.  Target your advertisements based on the nature of your business.  Use Google Product Listing Ads to promote your stock if you have an ecommerce business.  Both organizations, Google and Twitter, have tons of free support to make sure you set this up properly.
4 - Review - Evaluate your signups or transactions.  If you get a lot then you've validated your assumptions. You'll most likely get less than you expected.  Don't worry.  Your idea is still worth evaluating if you still get a lot of clicks, impressions or site views from people in the appropriate markets and demographics.
Proper planning can help you save money and find the right business to start.  Put some effort into testing your idea and proving you have something before making any rash decisions.  The best companies in the world test products and services at trade shows and in small markets before rolling them out to the masses and you should too.  Fools rush in.
Just ask the Huxtables.
--
Sajeel Qureshi is the VP of Operations at Computan , a digital marketing and software company. Computan serves as the digital department for numerous businesses throughout the globe ranging from small businesses to multinationals.
He has a degree in Business Administration from St. Bonaventure University and MBA from Eastern Illinois University. Sajeel plays tennis well enough to convince the untrained eye that he knows what he is doing and poor enough that the trained eye submits him to a drug test.
Follow Sajeel Qureshi on Twitter: www.twitter.com/computan
More:

Detailed coverage from the catwalks of this season’s fashion showsLife & Arts
a la mode
Detailed coverage from the catwalks of this season’s fashion shows in London, Paris, New York and Milan
©Catwalking

The tensions between Hong Kong and China© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/238d0f5c-3415-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why rich could be the new cool at universitySeptember 7, 2014 1:36 pm
Cool students are more toxic than rich ones
By Lucy Kellaway
Taking drugs, getting drunk, smoking roll-ups help at being cool and are still just as bad for you
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fade30e4-34dd-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pimco: don’t worry  help is on its way© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/91e64ea0-344c-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ECB: frontrunner in evil Anglo-Saxon race© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34497af6-34fb-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Is a university degree a good investmentLast updated: September 7, 2014 6:57 am
Is a university degree a good investment?
By Stephen Foley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b49ab9ca-3412-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pimco’s head of equities says the bond manager’s brand still carries weight© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/91e64ea0-344c-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Economists hail the birth of ‘Draghinomics’September 7, 2014 7:28 pm
Economists point to emerging ‘Draghinomics’
By John Thornhill in Cernobbio and Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/578c7fce-3689-11e4-85be-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scots invite a bitter divorceSeptember 7, 2014 7:29 pm
Scots who dally with separatists invite a bitter divorce
By George Robertson
A Yes vote would mutilate his country, this Englishman complained – yet he had no say
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2f041834-351a-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Comedy of Errors - reviewSeptember 7, 2014 9:18 pm
The Comedy of Errors, Shakespeare’s Globe, London – review
By Ian Shuttleworth
The physical comedy in this Globe-friendly production is delicious
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0d24e1d0-34ed-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Penguin-inspired art set to make splash© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3d0970b4-3687-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SC stays execution of Nithari killer Surinder KoliNEW DELHI, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 9, 2014 01:56 IST
Koli gets reprieve at the eleventh hour
Krishnadas Rajagopal
PTI Surinder Koli was found guilty of serial rapes and murders between 2005 and 2006 at his employer's house in Nithari.
TOPICS
execution
The Supreme Court on Monday stayed the execution of the death sentence of Surinder Koli for killing children at his employer’s house in Nithari village in Noida in 2006.
The reprieve for Koli was packed with drama as the stay order came in the early hours of Monday. Lawyer Indira Jaising and her team of lawyers knocked on the doors of Chief Justice of India-designate H.L. Dattu’s official residence here in Lutyen's Delhi at 1.30 a.m. even as the city slept. They sought a fresh review into the death sentence.
Koli was due to be hanged at the Chaudhary Charan Singh district jail in Meerut in a few hours. Jail officials said Koli was spending his last hours reading the Bhagvad Gita and answered questions with a blank expression. But the hanging was not carried out on Monday; Ms. Jaising and her lawyer team prevailed.
“We approached Justice Dattu at 1.30 a.m. There was a sitting of a Bench of Justices Dattu and Anil R. Dave, which ordered that the execution be stayed for a week until Koli’s fresh review petition is heard by a Bench comprising three judges of the Supreme Court in an open courtroom where his counsel would be allowed to submit limited oral arguments on his behalf pleading for reversal of his death penalty,” Ms. Jaising told The Hindu on Monday morning.
A one-paragraph order was passed by the Bench staying its July 25 decision dismissing Koli’s review petition against his death penalty. On September 3, a Constitution Bench decided that death row convicts seeking judicial review should be given a public hearing, their counsel should be allowed to argue for 30 minutes and three judges should hear them. Till then, review petitions were usually heard by Supreme Court judges in their chambers. Relief was rare.
The September 3 judgment, authored by Justice Rohinton Nariman, argued that the death penalty was irreversible. Justice should be seen to be done, it said.
Justice Nariman upheld the highest principle of the Constitution – the right of a man to live. “The fundamental right to life and the irreversibility of the death sentence mandate that oral hearing be given at the review stage in death sentence cases, as a just, fair and reasonable procedure under Article 21 of the Indian Constitution,” he wrote in his majority judgment for a Bench led by Chief Justice R.M. Lodha, who concurred.
The judgment had come on a batch of petitions filed by eight men on death row who challenged the practice of Supreme Court judges hearing review petitions of death row convicts in their chambers and not in the public glare of open courtrooms. Koli became the first condemned man to reap the reprieve granted by the judgment.

No quick fix for India s coal supply crisis  says Piyush GoyalAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Post-QE wave to break over fund managers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/221dc598-342a-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBI s new rules to help banks raise capital for Basel III: Moody sBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:49 AM IST
New RBI norms on Basel-III a plus for banks, says Moody's
Says the new norms are particularly good for public sector banks
The new norms for Basel-III capital instruments will be credit-positive for Indian banks, according to Moody’s, the global rating agency.
The revised rules make instruments more attractive and broaden the base for additional Tier-1 (AT-I) bonds to include the retail investor.
Moody’s says the amended rules will also allow banks to have a higher proportion of AT-1 in their Tier-1 capital. The major benefit is expected to accrue to public sector banks (PSBs), which have about 70 per cent share in the Indian banking business.
On September 1, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) revised some of its rules governing instruments that qualify as bank capital under Basel-III. The key change is the removal of certain limits on the amount of AT-1 that a bank can use for calculating its Tier-1 capital, which effectively limited AT-1 issuance to 1.5 per cent of risk-weighted assets.
At a time when PSBs are finding it difficult to raise equity capital from the public markets, this provides a way for banks to bolster their Tier-1 ratio by raising a higher amount of AT-1 capital, said Moody’s. Low capital levels are a key credit weakness for many Indian banks, particularly PSBs.
The amendments make it easier for banks to sell AT-1 instruments to investors, and make it easier for banks to use AT-1 instruments in meeting capital requirements.
Writedowns of principal when a bank’s common equity Tier-1 (CET1) capital breaches the trigger level can now be temporary, giving investors the possibility of recouping their losses if the health of the bank improves.
From 2019, Indian banks’ CET1 trigger point for loss absorption will be 6.125 per cent, compared to the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision's recommendation of 5.125 per cent.
With the option of a temporary writedown, RBI might be looking to partially mitigate investor concerns about this relatively high trigger.
Banks are also no longer required to pay all coupons out of current-year profits. They may now also use revenue reserves which are not earmarked and/or credit balances in the profit and loss account, said Moody’s.
In addition, the minimum period after which banks can exercise a call option to repurchase AT-1 instruments has been shortened to five years from 10 years. RBI also truncated the minimum maturity at issuance for Tier-2 instruments, providing issuing banks with more flexibility.
Another issue that discourages Indian banks from issuing these instruments is the lack of a broad domestic investor base. RBI has tried to address this by widening the investor base to include retail investors, it added.
SOME HELP
On September 1, RBI revised some of its rules governing instruments that qualify as bank capital under Basel-III
Revised rules make instruments more attractive and broaden the base for AT-1 bonds to include retail investors
Moody’s says the amended rules will also allow banks to have a higher proportion of AT-1 in their Tier-1 capital
The major benefit is expected to accrue to public sector banks
Low capital levels are a key credit weakness for many Indian banks, particularly PSBs
 Advertisements

Kate Middleton pregnancy 
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are expecting their second child.
The news comes less than 14 months after the birth of their son Prince George, who was born on July 22 last year. 
According to a tweet from the royal tweeter, “The Queen and members of both families are delighted with the news that Their Royal Highnesses are expecting their second child.”
A Kensington Palace spokeswoman confirmed the pregnancy and said that while they weren’t announcing the due date, she was not yet at the 12-week mark.
 The news of a “spare to the heir” doesn’t come as a huge surprise, with feverish speculation here over the last several weeks that Prince William and Catherine were expecting a second child.
 Alex Salmond, the first minister of Scotland, tweeted his warm wishes to the royal couple, using their Scottish titles the “Earl and Countess of Strathearn.”
But not all Scots were in the mood to toast a new addition to the British royal family.  A referendum on Scottish independence is scheduled for Sept. 18, and those favoring the split do not appear swayed by the news.  An instant poll by the Guardian newspaper suggested the announcement of the pregnancy would not significantly bolster opponents of the breakup.
Many commentators said they expect the royal baby, who will be fourth in line to the throne, to be born in the spring next year. Prince Charles is the next in line to the throne, followed by Prince William and Prince George. When the new baby is born, other members of the royal family will move down a peg; Prince Harry, for example, will become fifth in line to the throne. 
British Prime Minister David Cameron was among the first to congratulate the young couple on their happy news.
According to the official announcement , Kate Middleton is being treated by doctors at Kensington Palace for acute morning sickness, a condition called Hyperemesis Gravidarum.
She was hospitalized early in her first pregnancy because of the condition, which can cause severe nausea, vomiting and dehydration.
A spokeswoman said that the couple were announcing the pregnancy now because the duchess’ illness has cast doubt on her upcoming public engagements. She pulled out of an official engagement in Oxford on Monday.
 Kate was planning to attend the formal opening of Oxford University’s new center dedicated to the study of China today, but Prince William will attend on his own due to his wife’s illness.
The announcement could also mean Kate won’t make it to Malta later this month on what was to be her first overseas trip without her husband, according to the Mirror .
“She’s feeling okay, thanks. It’s been a tricky few days — a week or so — but obviously we’re basically thrilled. It’s great news, early days,” Prince William told reporters during a visit to Oxford University to open a new center dedicated to the study of China. “But I’m hoping things settle down and she feels a bit better.”
The betting has already begun on the sex and name of the royal baby. According to the bookies at Paddy Power, odds ar e the baby will be named Henry or Elizabeth. Companies have wasted no time turning the new baby into a marketing opportunity: 
It could be triplets and there would *still* be enough room for the Queen… #XTrail #SevenSeats #RoyalBaby pic.twitter.com/k4HiNAb7lq — NissanUK (@NissanUK) September 8, 2014
There’s another #RoyalBaby on the way! What will he/she be named? We make Elizabeth 10/1 fav! http://t.co/20O9ZPoSZO pic.twitter.com/nmi6ygKMmK
— Paddy Power (@paddypower) September 8, 2014
It did not go unnoticed that the announcement came amid rising tensions over Scotland’s upcoming independence vote.
The Queen’s offered to have the next royal baby named ‘WILLIAM WALLACE ROBERT BRUCE BURNS’ if the Scots agree to vote NO. — Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) September 8, 2014
Is the #RoyalBaby announcement a tactical ploy by the Queen to make Scotland stay in the union? Everybody loves a wee bairn, right?!
Britain’s Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, carries her son Prince George alongside her husband Prince William as they visit the Sensational Butterflies exhibition at the Natural History Museum in London, July 2, 2014. (John Stillwell/Reuters)
 

Power supply worsened in Odisha despite huge investment  shows ASSOCHAM studyAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Sterling falls after Scottish pollSeptember 8, 2014 11:41 am
Sterling falls as poll puts Scottish nationalists ahead for first time this year
By FT Reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/22e0b37a-373e-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sex with non-Jews: Israel police bust  messianic  prostitution ringIsrael police bust 'messianic' prostitution ring
AFP
print
Israeli police say they have broken a prostitution ring where Jewish women were brainwashed into having sex with non-Jewish men as a path to religious redemption.
Court documents seen by AFP today show the prime suspect was an eccentric 60-year-old man from Kiryat Arba, a hardline settlement in the southern West Bank.
Police say they arrested a group of eight "messianic" men and women who targeted vulnerable women and "prostituted them under the influence of drugs and alcohol."
They told them that having sex specifically with non-Jews would "save the Jewish people and bring about redemption."
Superintendent Arik Mordechai, who is heading the investigation, told Haaretz newspaper that some 15 women had been recruited, some of whom were believed to be minors.
Their "clients" included Palestinians from the West Bank and foreign workers from Tel Aviv, the newspaper said.
The affair was brought to the attention of police by Lehava, an extremist Israeli group which fights against intermarriage.
Lehava leader Bentzi Gopstein told AFP the prostitution ring was operational for six to seven years and involved "four or five women."
He said the ringleaders had exploited the women's gullibility.

Strong dollar against euro to have lesser impact on rupeeBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:50 AM IST
Dollar's rise against euro not to impact rupee much
On Friday the euro weakened to a near 14-month low against the dollar
For the time being, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to stick to a range of 58-62 a dollar for the rupee, despite the dollar appreciating against the euro. This is because the softening global crude oil prices and continuation of gold import curbs are expected to help narrow the country’s current account deficit (CAD).
On Friday, the euro weakened to a near 14-month-low against the dollar, after the European Central Bank announced a fresh round of stimulus and promised more if required. Currently, the dollar is trading at 1.29 per euro, compared with the previous close of 1.3.
Typically, when the dollar rises against the euro, the rupee weakens against the dollar.
“We expect RBI to hold the rupee at 58-62 a dollar for now though the dollar has strengthened below 1.3 per euro. The impact of a stronger dollar is largely offset by softening of oil prices and the continuation of gold import curbs. Swings of $10-a-barrel in crude oil prices have an impact of about $8 billion on the CAD. Restrictions on gold imports will likely contain the CAD at 1.7 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP) in FY15,” Indranil Sen Gupta, India economist, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, said in a note to clients.
Easing of geopolitical tension relating to Russia and Ukraine has resulted in Brent crude oil prices falling below the $100-a-barrel mark.
For the quarter ended June this year, India’s CAD narrowed to 1.7 per cent of GDP ($7.8 billion) from 4.8 per cent ($21.8 billion) in the corresponding period last year.
On Monday, the rupee rose to its highest since July, as US jobs data missed estimates. This mitigated speculation the US Federal Reserve would opt for a planned rate increase. The rupee closed at 60.3 a dollar, compared with its previous close of 60.41 a dollar.
“The rupee has derived bullish momentum from the downtrend in imported commodity items such as oil, precious and base metals and robust offshore flows into Indian debt and equity markets. The domestic cues are also supportive on hope of improved macroeconomic fundamentals in the years ahead, setting up long-term bullish expectations from the Indian economy and its asset classes,” said Moses Harding, group chief executive officer (liability and treasury management) and chief economist of Srei Infrastructure Finance.
He added given these cues were providing strong tailwinds, the dollar’s gain against major currencies, including those of emerging markets, had no impact on the rupee, which had emerged stronger than the dollar and was likely to remain so till domestic optimism was in place.
 Advertisements

Relax norms for mandatory pin number for every tap and go transaction: SBI to RBIBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:48 AM IST
SBI seeks relaxed norms on PIN for card transactions
Facility to be available for tap and go cards; transaction limit of Rs 2,000 sought
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest lender, has requested the Reserve Bank of India to allow it to waive the condition of mandatorily entering the mandatory PIN for certain transactions.
“We have requested the central bank to (do so) in the case of Tap and Go cards that we are planning to launch. If allowed, Rs 2,000 has been requested by us per transaction and appropriate daily limits would be fixed, subject to approval from RBI/ bank's Board. If this is allowed, we will ensure that all the new debit cards we issue have this feature. We will also look at replacing the old debit cards slowly.” said S K Mishra, deputy managing director, Corporate Strategy & New Businesses, SBI.
SBI is working on this in collaboration with MasterCard, the global payment and technology company. The bank is also working with MasterCard on making its cards Masterpass-enabled, a technology that allows your card to be converted  into a digital one.
“Smartphone usage has been growing at a very fast space. This will also allow contact-less transaction. You can transact via mobile phones, with safe storage. We belive this can also be a great innovation,” said Ari Sarker, division president-South Asia, MasterCard.
The bank would be proceeding with digital card innovation only when RBI gives approval for contact-less transactions. Mishra said setting up a system for such services would come at a cost but he believes that with their Point of Sales terminal strength, this would not be a huge challenge.
“We have about 155,000 PoS terminals already in the market, 15 per cent of the total. In this financial year, we plan to add about 100,000 PoS terminals. Therefore, acquiring merchants will not be a problem and it will be easy to roll out these services,” he explained.
On Monday, the bank also launched a Multi-Currency Foreign Travel Card that will support up to 12 currencies. However, currently only four currencies - US dollar, British pound, euro & Singalore dollar — can be loaded in it. SBI is looking at targeting companies and students.
Apart from withdrawal and transaction facility, the card will also provide global emergency, such as-cash delivery, medical and lawyer assistance etc- services to its consumer.
In order to get the card activated, a minimum amount of $200 has to loaded in the card and it will be valid for a period of five years.
 Advertisements

Bharti Airtel to Sell 3 500 African TowersYou are here: Home Corporates
Bharti Airtel to Sell Over 3,500 African Mobile Phone Masts to Eaton Towers
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 11:32 (IST)
Banks to Release Rs 650 Crore to ABG Shipyard Soon Under CDR Deal
Mumbai:
Bharti Airtel Ltd has agreed to sell more than 3,500 of its mobile phone masts in six African countries to telecommunications tower company Eaton Towers in a bid to cut costs, the companies said on Monday.
Bharti Airtel will lease back the towers from Eaton under a 10-year contract, the companies said in a statement. They did not disclose financial details of the deal.
In July, Bharti Airtel agreed to sell about 3,100 masts in four African countries to Helios Towers Africa. The sales are part of the Indian group's plan to divest most of its more than 15,000 towers in Africa in a process that sources have said could raise up to $2 billion.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Ryanair Commits to Order 100 737 MAX 200 AircraftAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Suicide bomber kills 12 in Somalia attack: governorPrint
Agence-France Presse | Mogadishu | Posted: September 8, 2014 8:43 pm
A suicide bomber killed at least 12 people and wounded 27 others on Monday by ramming a vehicle packed with explosives into a convoy of African Union troops in Somalia, the local governor said.
The attack, the latest in a string of killings, comes exactly one week after a US air strike killed the chief of the Al-Qaeda-linked Shebab rebels, prompting threats of retaliation from the extremists.
“The car packed with explosives hit one of the armoured trucks… 12 civilians in a minibus were killed, and 27 others were wounded,” local governor Adukadir Mohamed Sidi told AFP.
The attack took place near the town of Afgoye, some 30 kilometres northwest from the capital Mogadishu.
Two soldiers from AMISOM were wounded in the attack, Sidi added, who blamed Shehab for the killing, although there was no immediate claim of responsibility.
Witnesses reported a huge blast and wave of fire, with civilians on the busy highway between the town and the capital caught up in the explosion.
“I saw two minibuses with pools of blood, many civilians were killed,” said Ali Muhidin, a witness. “The explosion was enormous.”
Somalia’s government on Saturday warned of a wave of retaliatory attacks by the Shebab following the killing of their commander Ahmed Abdi Godane.
On Friday the Pentagon confirmed that Godane, the leader of Al-Qaeda’s main affiliate in Africa, perished in an attack in which US drones and manned aircraft rained Hellfire missiles and laser-guided bombs on a gathering of Shebab commanders.
The strike against Godane came days after African Union troops and Somali government forces launched “Operation Indian Ocean”, a major offensive aimed at seizing key ports from the Shebab and cutting off one of their key sources of revenue: multi-million dollar exports of charcoal.
AU forces are targeting Shebab on several fronts, with Ugandan troops leading the offensives against the main port of Barawe, south of Mogadishu.
The 22,000 AMISOM force, with soldiers drawn from six nations, have been fighting alongside government troops against the Al-Qaeda-linked Shebab insurgents since 2007.
The Shebab have appointed a new commander, named Ahmad Umar Abu Ubaidah.
The group have vowed to avenge the death of Godane and said they would continue their fight to topple the country’s internationally-backed government.

Self-styled godman Nithyananda undergoes potency test in rape caseThe self-proclaimed swami, Nithyananda, underwent the potency test in Bangalore on Monday.
Written by Harsha Raj Gatty | Bangalore | Posted: September 8, 2014 8:27 pm
With the Supreme Court refusing to spare Nithyananda from taking a potency test in a rape case lodged by a former disciple in 2010, the self-proclaimed swami underwent the same in Bangalore on Monday. The test that commenced at 7 am concluded at 2.30 pm at Victoria hospital.
The Karnataka High Court had in July affirmed an order of a chief judicial magistrate to subject Nithyananda to medical test to find out whether or not he was capable of having sexual intercourse, and also to collect his blood and voice samples.
According to hospital sources, multi-disciplinary tests such as physical, medical and psychological were conducted to assess if the patient was potent to perform a sexual act. While refusing to disclose test results, hospital sources said that they will hand over the report to the Karnataka Criminal Investigation Department (CID) by Tuesday afternoon.
The 36-year old had to undergo the Penile Doppler Test to ascertain if he was suffering from ailments that could render him unable to develop an erection. Besides, physicians evaluated bodily injuries and looked for deformation in the genitals.
Finally a psychiatrist interviewed the patient to learn his sexual history and assess if he had undergone sexual violence or trauma that may have left him averse to sexual intercourse. “Based on these assessments we can only conclude if the patient is potent or not, that’s it. We cannot directly link him to a particular case of sexual crime, it is for the investigating agencies to correlate this data to arrive at a logical conclusion,” a senior doctor under condition of anonymity said.
Though the test was over by afternoon neither Nithyananda nor hospital officials were available for any comment till late evening. “The patient was cooperative and conscious throughout the session and the test went smoothly,” the doctor said, while refusing to give any details about the probe-results.
Late in the evening Nithyananda was taken to the Forensic Science Laboratory laboratory in Madiwala, south Bangalore, where his voice samples were collected by the physics division. These samples wil be corroborated with the telephonic recording made by Lenin Karuppan, in which the former disciple alleges Nithyananda confessed to his sexual encounters with an actor. The recording went viral on social websites in early March 2010.
We cannot directly link him to a particular case of sexual crime, it is for the investigating agencies to correlate this data to arrive at a logical conclusion,

28 lawyers picked as volunteers to deal with sexual harassment cases within SCNew Delhi, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 8, 2014 20:46 IST
28 lawyers picked as volunteers to deal with sexual harassment cases within SC
PTI
The Hindu On November 26, 2013 the then Chief Justice of India P. Sathasivam constituted a 10-member Gender Sensitisation and Internal Complaints Committee (GSICC) in the Supreme Court to receive and decide complaints against sexual harassment. File photo
TOPICS
judiciary (system of justice)
Twenty eight volunteers from amongst experienced as well as young lawyers in the Supreme Court have been chosen to be trained to deal with issues of sexual harassment and to act as bridge between the victims and the committee dealing with such cases in the apex court premises.
The information uploaded on the Supreme Court website said NGOs have been contacted to train volunteers who were chosen in a seminar organised by the Gender Sensitisation Internal Complaints Committee (GSICC) of the apex court.
“The NGOs have been contacted by the Committee to train these volunteers so that they can address various issues which they might come across; to train them about possible ways to deal with those issues; and to train them as to how they have to act as a bridge between GSICC and the victims and how they have to act as a tool of GSICC for creating such environment in the Supreme Court precincts as would prevent any instance of sexual harassment therein,” the website said.
It said (GSICC), as constituted under the Gender Sensitisation and Sexual Harassment at Supreme Court of India (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Regulations, 2013, conducted a seminar about equipping the volunteers of the Committee to deal with various kinds of complaints of sexual harassment as will be brought to them or as will come to their notice otherwise.
The advocate members of GSICC, including Additional Solicitor General L. Nageswara Rao, senior advocate Indu Malhotra, advocates Bina Madhavan and B. Sunita Rao have chosen 28 volunteers from amongst the experienced as well as young lawyers in the Supreme Court.
The seminar conducted by GSICC, was presided over by Chairman of the Committee Justice Ranjana Prakash Desai and member Justice Madan B. Lokur, who discussed the role which the volunteers are expected to play, saying that they must have regular meetings and discussions to share their respective experiences.

Grain Lower  Livestock MixedAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Jihadists want to create ‘house of blood : new UN rights chiefZeid Ra'ad Al Hussein lashed out at the Islamic State militant group, which has carved out a stronghold and declared a "caliphate" in an area straddling the border of the two conflict-torn nations. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Geneva | Posted: September 8, 2014 9:40 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 9:45 pm
The jihadist militants who have seized large swaths of Iraq and Syria are intent upon creating “a house of blood”, the UN’s new human rights chief said on Monday.
In his maiden address to the UN Human Rights Council, Zeid Ra’ad Al Hussein lashed out at the Islamic State militant group, which has carved out a stronghold and declared a “caliphate” in an area straddling the border of the two conflict-torn nations.
“The Takfiris (extremists) who recently murdered (US journalist) James Foley and hundreds of other defenceless victims in Iraq and Syria, do they believe they are acting courageously, barbarically slaughtering captives?” the Jordanian prince told the opening of the council’s 27th session in Geneva.
The massacres, beheadings, rape and torture attributed to IS militants “reveal only what a Takfiri state would look like, should this movement actually try to govern in the future,” said Zeid, the first Muslim and Arab to serve as UN High Commissioner of Human Rights.
“It would be a harsh, mean-spirited house of blood, where no shade would be offered, nor shelter given to any non-Takfiri in their midst,” warned the career diplomat.
“In the Takfiri mind … there is no love of neighbour, only annihilation to those Muslims, Christians, Jews and others — altogether the rest of humanity — who believe differently to them,” Zeid said.
He urged the world to make halting the “increasingly conjoined conflicts in Iraq and Syria” an “immediate and urgent priority.”
IS “has demonstrated absolute and deliberate disregard for human rights,” Zaid said, stressing that “the scale of its use of brute violence against ethnic and religious groups is unprecedented in recent times.”
He warned that attacks by the group motivated by ethnic background or religious beliefs may constitute “a crime against humanity, for which those responsible must be held accountable.”
Zeid’s speech to the UN’s 47-member council came a week after it held an emergency session on the jihadists, deciding to send a fact-finding mission to Iraq to document the extent of their abuses.
Zeid lashed out at Israel, stressing the need “to end persistent discrimination and impunity” in Gaza, where some 2,140 people were killed during the latest conflict.

Amit Shah wonders why Soren accepts parties opposed to JharkhandPrint
PTI | Ranchi | Posted: September 8, 2014 9:28 pm
BJP president Amit Shah, on Monday, wondered why Jharkhand Chief Minister Hemant Soren was heading a coalition whose allies had earlier opposed formation of Jharkhand while his father Shibu Soren struggled for a separate state.
“(When) Hemant Soren’s father, Guruji (as the JMM president is known) struggled for the separate statehood, RJD’s Lalu Prasad opposed it and had said the state would be formed on his body,” Shah said while asking why the chief minister having alliance with parties that opposed Jharkhand’s creation.
Addressing a party workers meeting here, Shah further alleged that another ruling ally Congress had earlier put “Guruji” in front while ruling by remote control. Claiming that Jharkhand would bloom under Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Shah said Modi had opened up the path of development with innumerable initiatives and he had the capability to help mineral-rich Jharkhand race ahead of Gujarat and Maharastra.
“Unlike earlier days,” Shah said, “under Narendra Modi’s leadership all ministers concerned are discussing programmes for implementation,” he said and appealed to the people to give a 2/3rd majority to BJP in the upcoming Assembly elections. He said Modi had shown the world India’s firm stand in foreign affairs when he called off talks with Pakistan when the latter held talks to the separatists.

Microsoft showcases new MSN in IndiaPrint
The new MSN will deliver premium content from leading media companies which includes Indian Express, Network 18, NDTV and others.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 8:30 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 10:08 pm
Microsoft unveiled a first look of the new MSN   in India which is designed for mobile and cloud. The new MSN will deliver premium content from leading media companies which includes The Indian Express , Network 18, NDTV, India Today and others and will also come with productivity tools.
The new MSN will go live soon. Microsoft is offering a live preview at http://preview.msn.com
With this launch, Adam Anger, General Manager for Asia Pacific, Microsoft Advertising said, “There is  a fundamental shift in MSN’s thinking as we are now more focused on Internet browsing experience regardless of the devices used to connect to the Internet.  We are combining the best of both Web and Apps in the new MSN.”
The new MSN will arrive soon on Windows, Android and iOS based mobile devices. Microsoft will no longer supply the content. “We are now into content curation and have partnered with top local content providers from India for the new MSN,” said Sanjay Trehan, Head, MSN India, Microsoft Corporation (India) Pvt. Ltd.
The new MSN offers personalised settings and users will have to log in with any of their Microsoft accounts be it Skype, Outlook or Xbox.
In the coming month, MSN will launch apps across Windows Phone, iOS and Android in which users need to set their preferences once and the content will get sorted accordingly and will also come with ‘view later’ functionality.
MSN has around 425 million users globally. On an average, 13 million unique users from India visit MSN on a monthly basis.

Winning the Senate mattersBy Jennifer Rubin September 8 Follow @JRubinBlogger
Democrats and especially anxious pundits who fear a repudiation of the president and his left-leaning agenda are busy assuring us that it doesn’t matter if the Senate flips to GOP control. Well, the president just reversed a key immigration promise so as not to imperil Democrats, lots of Democratic candidates and billionaire donors think holding the Senate majority is pretty important and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) has been holding up legislation for a couple of years so as not to force vulnerable Democrats to take hard votes. That’s a whole lot of evidence that it is a lot better to win than lose the Senate majority.
Sen. Mitch McConnell (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg News)
“It’s better to win than lose” is an all-purpose slogan for politics, no matter how the losers console themselves. (Well, now he’s got the problem! Who’d want to govern now?) In the case of the Senate majority, no one should underestimate its importance.
Certainly, loss of the Senate majority, following loss of the House majority in 2010, would represent a collapse for the Democratic Party since 2008, when “permanent majority” was the buzz. It probably will usher in the end of any presidential initiatives and provoke some soul-searching about what the post-Obama Democratic Party must be about. And it matters on some important policy measures.
The notion that the Senate doesn’t matter seems premised on the assumption that President Obama will veto most things the Republicans want to do or that the Democrats (darn obstructionism!) will bottle things up in the Senate. Neither is necessarily true, and certainly not true when it comes to judicial and executive appointments.
For starters, as the speaker of the House argues , there is a stack of bills in the Senate that Reid is holding hostage. Many of these are non-controversial and would probably command big, even veto-proof, majorities. Among measures to improve and consolidate training programs, to encourage unemployment benefits that help workers relocate to where the jobs are, and to lift burdens on small businesses, surely there must be bills both sides can agree upon, provided they get a vote. Some have already drawn significant  Democratic support.
Even on controversial issues (the Keystone XL pipeline, repeal of the medical device tax, funding to address the border security crisis, etc.), there may be large enough majorities to withstand a Democratic filibuster in the Senate and either override a veto or make it politically unpalatable for the president to veto.
There are also significant foreign policy issues on which large bipartisan majorities can be obtained, including sanctions on Iran and Russia and expansion of the Magnitsky Act to cover human rights offenders beyond Russia.
Attention should also focus on an increase in defense spending, which, in light of the multiple crises and the president’s own recognition that fighting the Islamic State could be a multi-year project, may engender widespread support. As Robert J. Samuelson details :
[T]he Pentagon’s present spending could require at least $200 billion more than the [Budget Control Act's] caps allow over the next five years. Without higher caps, there will be more reductions in “personnel, acquisitions and readiness.” Already, the Army is being cut from an Iraq-Afghanistan  peak of 566,000  to about 450,000. Under today’s caps, that might have to drop to 420,000.
Meanwhile, potential missions multiply: fighting terrorism; deterring cyber-attacks; protecting Europe (after Vladimir Putin’s Ukraine gambit, more troops are needed there); coping with Iran’s nuclear program; containing North Korea; maintaining open shipping lanes; dealing with a resurgent China (termed “the pivot to Asia”).
Would the president veto appropriations for the military after directing a wider campaign against Islamist terrorists and watching Putin’s troops march into Ukraine? That’s a dicey proposition.
And there is the opportunity for Republicans — finally — to pass legislation or at least force votes on legislation that demonstrates what conservative reform looks like. Some measures, such as greater transparency on university tuition and extension of loan aid to institutions other than four-year colleges, have a good shot at passage. Democrats have expressed interest in a number of Rep. Paul Ryan’s anti-poverty measures. Be it domestic energy development, a replacement for Obamacare or tax reform, Republicans also have an opportunity to “set the table” — that is, to show what positive conservative legislation is possible — in advance of the 2016 election. The majority in the Senate will also force some “purist” Republicans to put up or shut up, letting voters know what positive measures they support and whether they are capable of legislative compromise.
And finally, there is the benefit of oversight, either in concert with the House or independently. Keeping the administration’s feet to the fire on national security and obtaining data on everything from the collapse of the Middle East to the number of newly insured Americans under Obamacare serve a useful purpose. On this, however, Republicans must keep their eye on the ball, avoiding wild goose chases and looking at the major issues of concern. (Forget Benghazi, which is a small example of the real issue: How did the president and his team get the Middle East so wrong?)
Much, certainly, cannot be accomplished without the White House, and the danger of counterproductive grandstanding is always present. But there is plenty that can be done. If nothing else, the two houses may demonstrate that without Reid at the helm in the Senate, Congress can be a whole lot less dysfunctional. By doing its job (legislating, in case you’ve forgotten), Congress will also pressure presidential candidates to take concrete positions on important issues. Without Reid squashing votes, everyone in the political system is forced to reveal his or her views and then be held accountable. What a concept.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410193852/1410193852000/1410193852 tracking: {authors=Jennifer Rubin, blog_name=right-turn, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=the-senate-is-worth-winning, post_id=28104, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 4:30:52 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 4:30:52 PM

Don’t be fooled by new GOP enthusiasm for over-the-counter birth controlComments
By Paul Waldman September 8
The hot new trend among Republican candidates is a surprising one, to say the least. As of now there are four GOP Senate contenders who have endorsed making birth control pills available over the counter.
All four — Cory Gardner in Colorado, Thom Tillis in North Carolina, Ed Gillespie in Virginia, and Mike McFadden in Minnesota — oppose abortion rights, and all four oppose the Affordable Care Act’s mandate that insurance policies pay for preventative care, including birth control, with no deductibles or co-pays. Yet these conservative Republicans are touting their deep commitment to easily available birth control. It’s likely that more Republicans will now be asked their position on OTC birth control, and some will embrace it to counter Dem criticism that they’re soldiers in a “war on women.”
The one who has advocated OTC birth control pills most aggressively is Gardner, in large part because he has been the target of relentless criticism from Democrats over his prior support of “personhood” measures granting full legal status to fertilized eggs, which would outlaw not only abortion but some forms of birth control as well. Here’s an ad in which Gardner practically pretends to be Gloria Steinem while a group of women nod and smile their approval.
Democrats telegraphed way back in April that they would make these attacks central in multiple Senate races. The fact that Republicans have come up with this new push-back suggests the Dem attacks may have been working.
The new-found embrace of OTC birth control pills might seem odd, even bizarre. But it makes more sense if you think about it as a fundamentally elitist position. The truth is that conservatives have long been much more concerned with restricting the reproductive choices available to poor and middle class women, while leaving wealthy women free to do pretty much as they please. And allowing birth control pills to be sold over the counter is perfectly in line with that history.
Let’s be clear that making birth control pills available over the counter would be a good thing — but only if insurance continued to pay for it. The cost of the pill can be as much as $600 a year, which is out of reach for many women. And we know that insurance companies seldom reimburse customers for OTC medications. The price of the medication might come down over time if it were sold over the counter, but in the meantime millions of women are dependent on their insurance plans to be able to afford it. By opposing the ACA, all these GOP candidates are putting themselves on record in opposition to requiring insurance companies to pay for any birth control in policies women themselves have bought. And that’s not to mention other forms of contraception, like IUDs, that require a doctor’s care and come with a significant up-front cost.
If you’re well-off, you can afford whatever kind of contraception you like whether your insurance company reimburses for it or not. And abortion restrictions don’t impose much of a burden on you either. The federal government bans Medicaid from paying for abortions, but that only affects poor women. A law mandating a 48-hour waiting period before getting an abortion may be an inconvenience for a wealthy woman, but it can make it all but impossible for a woman without means. In some states, it means taking (unpaid) time off work to travel to one of the state’s few abortion clinics, driving hundreds of miles, and paying for a hotel room.
While they’re going to use a lot of buzzwords like “access” and “choice,” the net effect of the policies these candidates are advocating would be to make birth control less available to women. And I think that’s why we haven’t seen any public blowback from the Christian right on this issue. The articles written about the new Republican enthusiasm for OTC birth control sometimes include a disapproving quote from a representative of the Catholic Church. But none of the bevy of organizations with the word “Family” in their name, which are so vehemently opposed to any kind of reproductive freedom for women, are loudly condemning these candidates. Nor are any of their Republican colleagues. So what does that tell you?
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410192862/1410192862000/1410192862 tracking: {authors=Paul Waldman, blog_name=plum-line, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=dont-be-fooled-by-new-gop-enthusiasm-for-over-the-counter-birth-control, post_id=29263, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 4:14:22 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 4:14:22 PM

Q&A with New York gubernatorial candidate Zephyr TeachoutBy Nancy Scola September 8 Follow @nancyscola
New York gubernatorial candidate Zephyr Teachout (Courtesy of the Teachout-Wu campaign)
In some circles, Zephyr Teachout is well-known for being central to the creation of online politics, serving as the director of Internet organizing for Howard Dean's landmark 2004 presidential run. But Teachout has also been a law professor, a civic nonprofit leader, an author -- and is now gaining notice as a candidate to be the next governor of New York. On Tuesday, Teachout and running mate Tim Wu will face off in the Democratic primary against the state's sitting governor, Andrew Cuomo, and its lieutenant governor, and Kathy Hochul.
While few are giving Teachout much of a shot against Cuomo, she's managed to shine considerable unfavorable light on the governor , and she's betting on a mix of voter frustration and media-driven momentum to see her and Wu through. But first, there's more campaigning to do. On Monday, the campaign stops at the New York City headquarters of the digital organizing platform Meetup for a last-minute unveiling of "Technology Policy for a Thriving Society," a four-page agenda on everything from driving down the cost of broadband to making the state friendly to so-called smart transportation.
In an interview Sunday, Teachout and I talked about "open-source staffing," the possibility of an emerging populist-tech coalition politics and how to interpret a video of a politician pretending his primary opponent is a ghost.
Why release a tech policy platform just a single day before people go vote?
We started the campaign with a critique of Andrew Cuomo and Kathy Hochul and the system that they're a part of. Early on we had policy releases addressing existing constituencies and existing concerns. But we're in a second phase. What we've focused on really in the last 10 days has been on our own vision, things that haven't been on the table but should be on the table.
What we're finding is that people came to us initially out of unhappiness with Andrew Cuomo. But right now a lot of the energy is coming from people who are genuinely excited about how Tim and I represent a new kind of politics. And a big part of that is both our histories in Internet policy and politics. So we wanted to started putting some flesh on the bones of what that would look like.
It's one of those secrets that not a lot of politicians realize: The Internet is not a 10th-tier policy issue. It's not an add-on policy. It's something that affects everybody's life. When we talk in any room in the state about high-speed affordable Internet, we get some of the most heartfelt responses [on broadband]. People are really groaning at the cost and feeling completely frustrated at the service.
And it's just something that hasn't been part of politics, even thought it's been part of people's lives. All these politicians grew up when there was no Internet in the kitchen. So when they think about kitchen table issues, they're not thinking about broadband. But you don't get more kitchen table than broadband right now.
Beyond good and affordable broadband, what sorts of tech-related things are people asking you about on the trail? Net neutrality? The proposed Comcast-Time Warner Cable merger?
It's all sorts of things, depending on the community. But one of the exciting things about this campaign is that it's representing what I think is going to be a new kind of coalition politics: a combination of Elizabeth Warren populism with the SOPA-PIPA [digital copyright bills] protestors. People who cared about tech policy tended to be in one silo and people who cared about banking policy were in another. But there's a fusion happening. And in New York that includes genuine high-tech activists, where there's a lot of focus on net neutrality itself.
But, also, people have a lot more faith that Tim and I would be capable of really making New York state the next center of high-tech innovation -- with a focus on 21st century transportation technologies. That's something that we used to lead in. Look at our history: the Erie Canal or the MTA [Metropolitan Transportation Authority, a public benefit corporation founded in 1965]. But, instead, today all of our transit systems are in a state of disrepair. Our vision is that the next generation of transit involves the next generation of information technologies.
Some of our earliest supporters were entrepreneurs. And a lot of them say that there's an opportunity here for New York to walk in and genuinely compete with California on tech. But we need a few things: affordable rent, high-speed affordable broadband and something Andrew Cuomo has really missed out understanding -- that if you want to build a high-tech economy, you have to have truly affordable higher education.
Just to go meta for a second, there's anger at cable and an excitement about people who will stand up for cable. But there's also genuine excitement about the sense that we have a vision for New York. Andrew Cuomo tends to have a more much despairing view, like, "We have to reduce tax rates because otherwise nobody's going to want to live here."
There's a certain appropriateness to releasing your tech platform at Meetup. A decade ago, that Dean supporters were flocking to Meetups was the earliest sign something odd was afoot with that campaign. Still, you've insisted that tech was Dean 2004's architecture, not its substance. "Within the campaign," You and a co-author wrote , "Internet technology was seen as a tool, as one tool among many, not as a cause." But 10 years later, the technology seems to have become the cause, no?
The Internet is an important organizing tool. But the goal of a campaign isn't to use the Internet for organizing; the goal is always to win, and to change policy and politics.
That said, we're in a battle royal for the future of the Internet. That's something that largely has been outside of the context of electoral politics. And I am proud that Tim and I are part of bringing it into electoral politics. I hope that two years from now I think it's possible that you can't run for office without saying where you stand on the [Comcast-Time Warner Cable] merger or something like it, that net neutrality becomes a important campaign issue.
You've argued that  "decentralized power" needs to return to New York , that consolidation has a long and destructive history in the state. In the early 1900s, you point out, it was big banks and the railroads. So more than a hundred years on, how is resisting that dynamic any different? Is the role of the citizen the same as it was?
New York has really thrived both upstate and downstate when there are tens of thousands of small businesses all representing their different creative impulses. But in the past decades we've seen a radical shift toward a consolidation of the economy. At one point it was the banks. Now it's cable -- and the banks. And for either good or ill, I think this is a time that places high demands on citizens. The rapid consolidation of power, both in politics and economics, really requires a lot of us. Luckily we have the tools to do it.
We have a few great sources of power in this campaign. The "fracktivists" are huge. New York State was supposed to have hydrofracking just like every other shale-rich state. And they stopped it, without Big Green, without big national politicians, without mainstream media. They stopped it through a network of listservs, really. It's an astounding story of one of the great environmental victories of the last few decades. Also, the support of Larry Lessig has been essential. He has called our campaign the most important money-in-politics race of the year, and asked his supporters to get engaged. And the support of people in the "Save the Internet" world has been essential, too.
We're not inventing much. We're building on social networks that already exist and that were only enabled by the Internet.
You helped get the Sunlight Foundation off the ground , with a focus on cultivating a civic-transparency grass roots. Open government has been a boon to your campaign; I'm thinking of revelations about Cuomo's fraught relationship with the state's anti-corruption Moreland Commission. But it was still the New York Times digging that up , not citizen activists.
Look, the Internet's totally transformational, but we've still got a lot of power structures to handle.
That said, I have a North Country press secretary because one of our Twitter followers was complaining that we hadn't been there. So I asked him to help out. He got us on two radio stations and got us a local endorsement. So many of our best interviews have been because of our Twitter followers. Early on, they did the work for us. And I still think even 10 years later it is relatively unusual for a campaign to empower their supporters that way.
I think a lot of campaigns mis-learned the lessons of Obama 2008. They overly focused on the particular tools, and less so on the fact that the Internet enables a kind of culture of trust to be translated into real power. This campaign does not have a fancy [digital] tool kit. We made that decision early on. But the Internet has played a central role in our campaign because we have chosen to basically open-source our staffing.
We see everybody who walks in the door -- and by "walk in the door," that can mean they send us a tweet -- as a complete person who might have great strategies, who might be able to organize part of the Southern Tier for us. We have a campaign staff of hundreds with a paid campaign staff of 16, because when someone says that they want to work full-time from Mamakating, we say, that's great, you can work full-time from Mamakating.
Say you win on Tuesday and go on to become Governor Teachout. How do you change New York State's closed and insular "three men in a room" governing apparatus?
Some of it's structure and some of it's temperamental. Even the fact of me and Tim running together, when it comes down to policies, we'll argue. The lieutenant governor is an independent constitutional office, but lieutenant governors in New York have an unfortunate tradition of just being extensions of the governor's office. That I'm not telling Tim what policies to support itself breaks up the three men in the room.
And if you look at my whole career and Tim's whole career, you can see that temperamentally we're going to be transparent. Given my history, if I don't have the most transparent state government in the country, I'll be ashamed of myself.
There's a video going around of you approaching Gov. Cuomo at a recent Labor Day parade in which he does all he can to act like you just don't exist. Mayor de Blasio finally steps in between you two. You've written about how tricky it can be to interpret viral political content . What information do you think this clip should convey to voters?
Part of the reason it's going viral, I think, is because people understand it as a metaphor for the entire campaign: Andrew Cuomo has repeatedly tried to avoid the fact of a Democratic primary and has called on progressive allies to speak up for him because he doesn't have the guts to speak up for himself.
Andrew Cuomo is clearly trying a strategy of non-engagement. That's a not-unusual strategy for incumbents. But you can't not engage in an era of Internet politics. There is engagement. We see that with reporters picking up questions on Twitter and then asking them of Andrew Cuomo, and then you see in that video: His effort to non-engage itself becomes a kind of engagement. The politics of the past just don't work in this era. Primaries are extremely healthy. Engagement is extremely healthy. It's obviously what voters want, and that's a very healthy thing.
Nancy Scola covers technology policy for The Washington Post.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business/technology, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410194579/1410194579000/1410194579 tracking: {authors=Nancy Scola, blog_name=the-switch, content_category=Business/technology, in_url_headline=qa-would-be-cuomo-toppler-zephyr-teachout-on-the-politics-of-engagement-in-the-viral-age, post_id=31759, section={section=business/technology, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 4:42:59 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 4:42:59 PM

How will the defaulter tag play out for MallyaRaghuvir Badrinath |  Bangalore Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:30 PM IST
How will the defaulter tag play out for Mallya?
While it will most certainly impact his personal credit record, it will also have repercussions for his other businesses and companies he is associated with
Vijay Mallya runs the risk of being declared a wilful defaulter by banks, but the businessman is as calm as ever, blaming the media and overenthusiastic bankers for the bad press he has got. Even if public opinion has built up strongly against him as he passes through the most trying phase of his business life, Mallya, 58, shows no sign of anxiety. "We shall pursue all available legal remedies. I have great faith in the judicial system of our country and I shall certainly pursue the legal remedies that are available to me," Mallya told journalists on the sidelines of the annual general meeting of the United Breweries shareholders last week.
But it is a situation which India Inc. is watching closely: how will Mallya get over this crisis? Will it finally take its toll on the man who has always - during the past three decades at the helm of his UB Group - punched way above his weight and has pulled it through? Most important, this will show how the whole campaign against wilful defaulters plays out.
Mallya's challenge this time is not about leveraging his assets to the hilt or finalising a complex cross-border deal in the lush surroundings of Scotland - it is about facing up to the consequences of being labelled a wilful defaulter by the Reserve Bank of India. Kolkata-based state-owned United Bank of India has been the first among the 15-odd banks - most of them state-owned - which have moved to label Mallya a wilful defaulter. IDBI Bank and Punjab National Bank too are known to be moving fast on the matter. State Bank of India, which leads the consortium of banks, has ordered a special audit of the matter. If that too goes against Mallya, it could become an uphill journey for him.
Payback time
Never one to give up without a fight, Mallya has said he will contest the default tag in the courts. He has denied all allegations made against him by United Bank of India and has alleged that he wasn't given sufficient time before the grievance redress committee of the banks. And Mallya has filed a plea against the move in the Kolkata High Court and the Delhi High Court.
What are the consequences for Mallya if he is declared a wilful defaulter by the Reserve Bank of India? For sure, it will spoil Mallya's personal credit rating. Legal experts say that Kingfisher Airlines too would not be eligible for bank credit as long as Mallya remains on its board of directors. However, if Mallya stepped down from the board, the banks would be free to lend to the company again. But what about the other companies with Mallya on their boards?
Experts say that strictly speaking, the banks cannot deny credit to these companies simply because Mallya is on their board, but they admit there will be some unease because of it. The unsaid part is that it could lead to Mallya's ouster from boards of other companies like United Spirits, United Breweries, UB Holdings and Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilisers. "The wilful defaulter tag ensures that the director and that specific company will not get any further credit, but it technically will not stop the banks to lend to other companies where that person is on the board. But the banks will be pretty wary doing further business with such companies," Dina Wadia, partner at law firm J Sagar & Associates, says.
The issue of debt owed to the consortium of banks has been snapping at Mallya's heels for nearly two years now, but somehow Mallya has been putting legal obstacles in the way of the banks' efforts to recover as much as possible of the Rs 7,000 crore they had lent to UB Group's now grounded airline. At last count, the consortium of banks were involved in as many as 22 such cases against Mallya. However, if the other banks also move fast to put the wilful defaulter tag on Mallya, the situation would become pretty difficult for Mallya to deal with and it would lead to a cascading effect on UB Group. Mallya along with Kingfisher Airlines already has the inglorious distinction of being the top defaulter in the country, and the recent statement by RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan that strict action should be taken against defaulters is a growing concern for Mallya.
The stakes are pretty high for the banks. Though Diageo's second open offer, at Rs 3,030 apiece, was at a substantial premium to the then prevailing price of United Spirits, Rs 2,650, and therefore gave a good opportunity for the banks to liquidate some of the shares pledged with them by Mallya, the principal outstanding is still a good Rs 4,000 crore, not counting the interest costs.
A long-standing problem
For Mallya's business associates too, the wilful defaulter's tag could have consequences. The global strategic investors in Mallya's group - Diageo has a 54 per cent stake in United Spirits, while Heineken has a 39 per cent stake in United Breweries - are understood to have moved swiftly on the issue. Diageo has managed to extract some sort of commitment from Mallya to safeguard its interests and to ensure the operations of the company will continue unhindered in such an eventuality. "One should read between the lines of such a statement," says a senior UB Group official. "Diageo has managed to insulate its huge Rs 18,500 crore investment in United Spirits by extracting an assurance from Mallya that his troubles over Kingfisher Airlines will not come as an impediment to the company." It is just a matter of time before Heineken too moves on such a statement.
The kind of wide-ranging disclosures that the Diageo-led United Spirits board has made after publishing last year's earnings is a case in point. In what could come as more embarrassment for Mallya, the newly-constituted board of United Spirits has ordered an expansive inquiry into the loans given to UB companies and their associates after the company reported a net loss of Rs 4,488 crore for 2013-14, mainly due to a provisioning of Rs 1,123 crore for bad loans and a one-time exceptional expense of Rs 3,235 crore on sale of Scottish subsidiary Whyte & Mackay. At 18 pages, the disclosures have gone into minute details of the various issues which the company has been put through at the cost of UB Group and how the same can be straightened up. 
"It is not going to be an easy task for United Spirits to get back as much as Rs 2,000 crore which it had lent to UB Group as well as to its various associates (see table). UB Holdings has already written off Rs 1,400 crore as part of its support to Kingfisher Airlines and it is expected to have repercussions for United Spirits as well," a senior industry analyst notes. With the crisis brewing everywhere, Mallya's troubles could spread.
 Advertisements

What is Enterovirus 68  the mysterious illness that is sickening hundreds of childrenBy Abby Phillip September 8 Follow @abbydphillip
Health officials in at least 10 states have reported hundreds of cases of a respiratory illness that has sent scores of children to emergency rooms and, in some cases, even to intensive care units .
The culprit is believed to be Enterovirus 68 (also known as EVD-68 or Eentrovirus D68), a fairly rare viral infection that can cause symptoms such as coughing, wheezing and low blood oxygen levels (also known as hypoxemia). In some cases, however, the symptoms can be severe — particularly for children who already suffer from asthma or other respiratory problems.
Jennifer Cornejo of Colorado told Denver's ABC affiliate that her 13-year-old son, William, had cold symptoms that developed overnight into a life-threatening illness. "He was in really bad shape," she told the station. "He came really close to death. He was unconscious at our house and white as a ghost with blue lips — he just passed out."
Here is how William Cornejo described it: "My head started hurting. And after that my lungs started closing up. It felt different."
Until recently, Enterovirus 68 was only thought to cause sporadic infections, but there have been reports of more widespread outbreaks in Georgia, Pennsylvania and Arizona between 2008 and 2010.
Only Missouri and Illinois have confirmed cases of EV-D68, but cases with similar symptoms have been reported in Colorado, Georgia, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, North Carolina, Ohio and Oklahoma as well.
Because of how rare Enterovirus 68 is, scientists are still learning about it. But here is what you should know now:
Why is it called Enterovirus 68?
Enterovirus is the name used to describe a group of more than 100 of the most common viruses that affect humans and other mammals. Most people might interact with an enterovirus by way of the common cold, which can be caused by enteroviruses as well as rhinoviruses.
Enterovirus 68 got its number based on the order in which it was discovered. The first cases were identified in California in 1962 in four children who had bronchitis and pneumonia. Since it was discovered, and through 2005, there were only 26 confirmed reports of the virus to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
How did it spread so quickly?
Enterovirus 68 spreads like the common cold: coughing, sneezing, or touching people or things infected with the virus and coming into contact with the nose or mouth.
With the start of school in late August and early September for most children in the United States, spreading the disease is more likely than ever.
"This is the right time of year for enterovirus infections," said Anne Schuchat, Assistant Surgeon General and Director, of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases with the CDC. But she added that the number of potential cases is "higher than expected for this time of year."
But because there isn't much known about this virus, it is possible that Enterovirus 68 is more contagious than it was believed to be.
Since it was discovered in the 1960s, the virus has evolved, making it likely that how it is spread has also changed, said Rafal Tokarz, a scientist at Columbia University's Center for Infection and Immunity who has studied the spread of Enterovirus 68.
"We speculate that this virus in the past 10 to 15 years has sort of evolved into different sub types and has allowed it to become more prevalent worldwide," he said. "Maybe it has mutated into something that is more easily transmissible, I don’t know if that is the case but it's certainly possible."
Why are children getting sick but not adults?
So far, all of the confirmed cases of this virus have been in children, the CDC said, but the Enterovirus can also affect adults. According to the CDC , approximately a quarter of all Enterovirus 68 cases before 2005 were adults.
It is possible that the respiratory symptoms are more acute among children than adults. Kids, particularly if they suffer from asthma or other respiratory problems, might become so sick that they require a trip to the emergency room where they can be treated with breathing aids.
"It was initially believed to be associated mostly with kids, but there have been reports that it can also appear in adults," said Tokarz. "In adults, the symptoms may not be as severe, which is why in some cases the symptoms may be missed."
How do I know if my child has it?
Enterovirus 68 is just one of many potential causes of respiratory illness. And the only way to know if someone has this particular type of virus is through a form of testing that sequences the virus. If a child reports severe difficulty breathing, and especially if that child also suffers from asthma, parents should consult a health care professional.
Many hospitals are able to do this kind of testing, but if they cannot, they can send samples to the CDC, which has the ability to conduct more advanced testing and confirm an infection.
Is there treatment or a cure?
There is no treatment that is specific to the virus, and there are no anti-viral medications. But most cases of the virus are not fatal. Intensive treatment and supportive care, including oxygen provided in a hospital setting help. And in the confirmed cases of Enterovirus 68 from 2008 to 2010, the median length of time patients were hospitalized ranged from 1.5 to five days .
Sarah Kaplan contributed to this report.

Digvijaya  Azad praise Modi s prompt act on J-K floodsComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday came in for a rare praise from Congress leaders Digvijaya Singh and Ghulam Nabi Azad for his “prompt action” and “quick response” in dealing with J&K’s worst floods in six decades.
“Commend the rescue by DMRF, army, police and security forces in J&K and also GOI and PM for prompt action and reaching out to people in PoK,” Singh, a known Modi baiter, said on Twitter.
On his part, Azad said he was very happy with the PM’s response to his request.
“I had spoken to the Prime Minister. He was very quick to visit the state and announce a package of Rs. 1,000 crore,” said the leader of the opposition in the Rajya Sabha.
“I am sure the PM’s initial response to the flood situation will continue to hold. I hope, trust and believe in that. We expect his support will continue with same enthusiasm.”
The Congress party also set up a relief committee for J&K comprising state unit chief Saifuddin Soz, Azad and several state ministers and leaders.
The panel also has deputy CLP leader Mohammad Sharif Niaz, deputy chief minister Tara Chand and senior ministers Taj Mohiuddin, Peerzada Mohd Sayeed, Ghulam Ahmed Mir, Rigzin Zora and Majid Wani among its members.
Later at the routine media briefing, Congress spokesman Abhishek Singhvi lamented that the early warning system for floods was not activated in J&K and neither was there any forecast about the crisis from the Central Water Commission.

Declining likelihood of El Nino by year-end: UNUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Geneva: The "El Nino" phenomenon, which sparks climate extremes around the globe, could take hold in the Pacific Ocean by the end of the year, but the likelihood has declined since June, the UN said on Monday.
There is now a 55-60 percent likelihood that El Nino could begin between September and November and a 70 per cent chance that it will start from November to February, said the World Meteorological Organisation.
This marks a decline from the end of June, when the UN weather agency estimated there was an 80 per cent likelihood that El Nino, which can lead to droughts in some parts or the world and heavy rains in others, would take hold toward the end of the year.
El Nino occurs every two to seven years, when the prevailing trade winds that circulate over surface waters in the tropical Pacific start to weaken.
"Ocean temperature anomalies along the equator have decreased over the past two months," WMO said in a statement.
El Nino occurs every two to seven years, when the prevailing trade winds that circulate over surface waters in the tropical Pacific start to weaken.
The phenomenon leaves countries like India, Indonesia and Australia drier, increasing chances of wildfires and lower crop production, while leading to heavier rainfall in the eastern Pacific and South American nations, raising the spectre of floods and landslides.
Ocean temperatures peaked at above a half a degree Celsius above average in May and June, leading experts to brace for the resurgence of El Nino.
But in July and August, "sea surface temperatures across much of the central and east-central tropical Pacific Ocean approached near normal conditions," WMO said.
Sea level pressure, cloudiness and trade winds had meanwhile "remained near neutral levels, indicating that El Nino conditions had not become established," the UN agency said.
Nonetheless, "the development of a weak El Nino event in the coming several months remains quite possible," it said, adding that a strong El Nino was not likely.
The last El Nino occurred between June 2009 and May 2010. It is often followed by a return swing of the pendulum with La Nina, which is characterised by unusually cool ocean surface temperatures in the central and eastern tropical Pacific.
Scientists, who closely monitor the two climate patterns, say that while they are not caused by climate change, rising ocean temperatures caused by global warming may affect their intensity and frequency.

Exposing corruption does not defame judiciary: KatjuUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Former Supreme Court judge Markandey Katju, who recently court a controversy for talking about "judicial corruption", on Monday attacked his critics, questioning how exposing graft defames judiciary while corruption by judges does not.
Referring to criticism that he was trying to defame judiciary by exposing corruption, he said sarcastically that this is a new definition of defamation.
"A high judicial authority recently said that some people are trying to defame the judiciary. Perhaps he was alluding to me," the Press Council of India Chairman wrote on his blog.
Referring to criticism that he was trying to defame judiciary by exposing corruption, he said sarcastically that this is a new definition of defamation.
"So doing corruption by Judges does not defame the judiciary, but exposing such corruption defames it. This is a new definition of defamation!," he wrote.

Audit: Homeland Security ‘ill-prepared’ for potential pandemicsBy Josh Hicks September 8 Follow @reporter_hicks
The Department of Homeland Security is ill-prepared for potential pandemics, despite receiving $47 million to plan, train and otherwise ramp up for such events, according to a federal audit.
The DHS inspector general issued a report on Monday saying the vast majority of the department’s antiviral drugs are due to expire next year, that most of its hand sanitizer stock has already expired, and that its agencies don’t know where to find their personal protective equipment.
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security flag. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)
“A severe influenza pandemic presents a tremendous challenge, which may affect millions of Americans, cause significant illnesses and fatalities, and substantially disrupt our economic and social stability,” the report said. “It is DHS’s responsibility to ensure it is adequately prepared to continue critical operations in the event of a pandemic.”
Although the report focused on influenza, it covered DHS’s preparedness for all potential pandemics.
Auditors found that 81 percent of the department’s antiviral drugs are due to expire next year, and that 84 percent of its hand sanitizer stockpiles have expired — some by up to four years.
The problems stem from a lack of proper inventory controls, supply-replenishment plans and compliance with department guidelines, according to the report.
DHS management agreed with all 11 of the inspector general’s recommendations, which included assigning an office to oversee pandemic preparedness and developing a strategy and system for managing supplies.
“DHS is constantly seeking to improve our pandemic preparedness and is committed to protecting our employees in order to ensure the effectiveness of our mission,” department spokeswoman S.Y. Lee said in a statement on Monday.
Lee added that DHS had identified the issues related to its pandemic preparedness before the audit took place and that the department has already taken actions to address them.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410198923/1410198923000/1410198923 tracking: {authors=Josh Hicks, blog_name=federal-eye, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=audit-homeland-security-ill-prepared-for-potential-pandemics, post_id=22754, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 5:55:23 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 5:55:23 PM

Over 20 000 evacuated in Jammu and KashmirThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Meghalaya taking Al Qaeda threat seriouslyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Lunch at the Waldorf: Queue for Alibaba IPOAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Unions split proves awkward for MilibandLast updated: September 8, 2014 6:52 pm
Trade union split proves awkward for Ed Miliband
By Jim Pickard, Chief Political Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9aa34dfe-376c-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mother  Lets Dance to PoliticsPrint
The gesture of raising the arms is ceremonial, ancient and open to interpretation.
Written by Dipanita Nath | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 11:33 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 11:39 am
When he travels to different countries with his most famous work, UK-based Hofesh Shechter does not add any local elements to it. “The obsession with power and control is so universal that we can stage the dance anywhere and it will echo,” says the 39-year-old about Political Mother. Since Shechter first presented this piece in 2010, Political Mother has become his business card, primarily for its uncomfortable questions about the most hallowed of sentiments — belonging, “whether it is to a nation or to rock and roll”. A day before the Hofesh Shechter Company kick starts Impulse 2, British Council’s annual festival of dance, in Delhi, the dancer-choreographer speaks about the work.
Edited excerpts:
Anatomy of Leadership
I like the connection between the words ‘Political’ and ‘Mother’. Israel, Germany and so many countries are referred to as the Motherland and the leaders are like fathers. Our sense of emotional attachment begins with our home and our parents. We feel we owe them everything and we must give back. On this sentiment is based the idea of a group, a tribe and a nation. This is a fortune to many leaders and, as we strive to fulfil our emotional sense of belonging, our stories take a turn towards power and control. Human beings not only want to lead, they are also obsessed with being led and told what to do. Political Mother is not an entertaining piece, though there are entertaining elements in it; our aim is to challenge people into questioning their deepest beliefs.
Folk and Free
Political Mother presents different characters, from politicians and rock stars to soldiers to prisoners. The beginning is almost a ceremonial dance; it is really ancient. People gather together, they lift the spirits up and it is almost spiritual. I love a simple gesture that is present in many cultures, of lifting the arms in the air. It can be read in so many ways — are they praying or greeting, are they reaching for god or are they submitting to something greater than themselves, are they lifting their arms because they have gained victory or are they surrendering to a benign or a hostile power? When the audience is confused, they ask questions.
The folk forms come from Israel, Japan and Romania among others, but oppression is told through contemporary moves that draw upon classical forms but are ‘undescribed’ and free. I have created contemporary gestures to relate to the sensations I feel. Unlike classical kathak or ballet, contemporary dance is unpredictable and you never know what is going to happen next.
Sound Energy
The music defines a lot of the energy. This time, I had an idea to steal a groove from a Peter Gabriel song and record it. This miserable recording grew into what now sounds like ‘the end of the continued…

Germany sees scope for boosting tiesNew Delhi, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 9, 2014 01:55 IST
Germany identifies areas of cooperation
PTI
Tweet
Reuters German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier (left) and India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi share a laugh during their meeting in New Delhi on Monday. Mr. Steinmeier is on a three-day visit to India.
The Hindu German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier shakes hands with his Indian counterpart Sushma Swaraj before their meeting in New Delhi on Monday. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Eager to add an impetus to Indo-German ties under the Narendra Modi government, Germany on Monday said bilateral cooperation can be deepened in renewable energy, infrastructure, cleaning of rivers and vocational training, besides high technology and the manufacturing sector.
Noting that there is a “lot to do,” German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said he had “constructive talks” with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and others. Giving details of his visit, the German Minister said, “I am here because, we know that Mr. Modi has initiated huge reforms in India and there are high expectations not only from the normal people, but also from the businesses.”
Talking to reporters on the lawns of the India Gate, he underlined that the current situation in India was a “chance for giving a new impetus to the Indo-German economic relations. And I think there is a lot to do.”
Asked what were the areas that has the potential for deeper cooperation, he said, “There is a big interest in developing infrastructure, for example, in developing smart cities, cleaning the rivers, renewable energy.
“I think these are branches where there are good chances for a close cooperation between India and Germany.”
Mr. Steinmeier said high technology and all fields of manufacturing are also the areas that can see deeper cooperation.

Watch the U.S. quit smoking over 40 yearsBy Reid Wilson September 8 Follow @postreid
For almost three decades, from the late 1950s to the late 1980s, Americans consumed an average of more than 125 packs of cigarettes a year. But the combination of higher taxes on tobacco products and more education on the dangers of smoking has led to a precipitous decline in the number of people who light up. Today, Americans consume just over 46 packs of cigarettes per capita every year.
The map-making magicians at Metric Maps used that data, from an annual report on the tax burden of tobacco prepared by the Federation of Tax Administrators, to show that decline on a state-by-state basis. In 1970, residents in all but two states smoked more than 90 packs of cigarettes a year. By 2012, residents of just three states — Kentucky, West Virginia and New Hampshire — smoke that much.
Here’s what that looks like:
Source: @MetricMaps
Today, all 50 states and the District of Columbia levy taxes on packs of cigarettes and other tobacco products. That wasn’t always the case: Iowa instituted the first tobacco tax, way back in 1921; that year, the state collected $324,000 in taxes. North Carolina was the last holdout; the Tar Heel State levied its first tax on cigarettes, 2 cents a pack, in 1969.
Those taxes are much higher today. New York levies a $4.35 tax on cigarettes, and four other states — Connecticut, Hawaii, Rhode Island and Washington — charge at least $3 extra per pack. Even tobacco-producing North Carolina has bolstered its taxes, to 45 cents a pack. In 2012, 594 cities and counties in seven states added their own taxes, boosting the prices even further. Cigarette sales generated $126 million in revenue for New York City alone, more than a quarter of the total city and county tax generated across the country.
Taxes make up more than half the price of an average pack of cigarettes in Connecticut, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, Washington and the District, according to the Federation of Tax Administrators’ report. On average, taxes make up just over 44 percent of the price of a pack nationwide.
Cigarette smoking may have declined, but taxes have increased at such a dramatic rate that tax income continues to rise. In 2012, states collected more than $18.2 billion in tobacco tax revenue (though that trend may be changing: Tax revenue actually declined between 2011 and 2012, the first year-over-year decline since 1978-1979).
Utah has always been one of the cleaner-living states, the report shows. Even near peak cigarette use in the 1970s, Utah residents were smoking 66 packs per capita, the lowest rate in the country. Today, residents consume just 23 packs per capita, lower than any state other than Washington and New York.
Check out the full report here [pdf], and follow @MetricMaps for more cool maps.
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410199955/1410199955000/1410199955 tracking: {authors=Reid Wilson, blog_name=govbeat, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=watch-the-u-s-quit-smoking-over-40-years, post_id=15033, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 6:12:35 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 6:12:35 PM

J-K floods: UN system stands ready to help India  PakThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Buy feindia for multi returnsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Should cross 13 2morowCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Now mallya to challenge vailidity of rbi default guidelines ... ...Platinum Member
7 Followers
spring has come to all  gardens with flowers fruits and chirping birds except the one garden. look at yd, avance, caplin lab, parabolic drugs where i am invested(mainly yd) .uc in all
In reply to : Definate message
9.31 AM Sep 9th

8200 looks inevitable  but may not sustain. we might have seen the hig...Platinum Member
298 Followers
Yes I saw that. Infact after such a strong opening there was less scope for initiating positions, no question of shorting but upside got limited. So thought not to trade today but the strength tempted me to trade with some 8100ces to good effect. Got 75% benefit of the late spike. The bullishness should extend in the 1st session but not so certain about the closing.

Rupert Murdoch s Eye-Popping Joan Rivers Choice(via Newseum )
While papers like the New York Daily News and Newsday dedicated the entire front page to the famed comedian, the Post gave only a small box in the lower left-hand corner.
In contrast, when Robin Williams died in August, another one of Hollywood's most beloved and legendary comedians, the Post dedicated their entire front page to the news.
But apparently there was a reason for the Post's minimal coverage-- and, surprise surprise, it had to do with Rupert Murdoch, who has always been extremely open about the influence he wields over his news properties.
A source told Capital New York's Joe Pompeo Friday that the front page was originally designed to give much more room to Rivers until Murdoch, the paper's owner, made a rare appearance in the newsroom that day and instructed otherwise. Out went the big tribute, and in went something rather more demure.
As Capital noted, Murdoch and Rivers have a messy history, stemming from Rivers's short-lived late night show on Fox. Murdoch brought Rivers on in 1986 to host “The Late Show Starring Joan Rivers," but she was later let go, or "dethroned," as the headlines put it, only one year later after poor ratings.
Of course, such blatant interference in his news outlets is nothing new for Murdoch. In fact, it's pretty typical. He has a long history of calling up editors and suggesting stories, asking for shorter pieces , firing editors he doesn't like , and using his papers to push his own political stances. The New Yorker's Ken Auletta said in 2007 that when asked what gives him the "most pleasure," Murdoch responded, "being involved with the editor of a paper in a day-to-day campaign...trying to influence people.”
It seems like he was definitely continuing that legacy with his Rivers decision.
More:

Miner M&A: Joburg or Rio© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/99f9c280-3414-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Big Isn t Always BetterI was enjoying a morning espresso at my favorite café in Rio the other day. I'm usually a big cup of coffee person, but the quick bite of espresso serves a purpose. It is focused in its objective.
Bigger isn't always better.
I was preparing for a client meeting.  The discussion that I wanted to have with my client was about focus, about nailing their value proposition and traction before looking to expand too quickly.
All too often, risk-taking is equated with rapid expansion. ("Let's take a risk and launch in other cities"; "Let's launch that second product now.")
I'm a big believer in focus. My client had launched in Sao Paulo, a market big enough to scale the company significantly for at least two years. They were looking to start operations in a few other cities in Brazil, and even in another country.
We discussed the opportunity cost of such expansion:
How much management focus would be lost in the Sao Paulo operation?
Will new fundraising efforts (time! Management focus!) be required?
Does expansion to other cities add intrinsic value to the business model now?
Do we risk that competition emerges/catches up before we claim the space?
Focus assures all resources are aimed at the prize.  Densification is a big piece of that. The more our resources are applied to a contained geography (and/or product, market), the quicker we gain traction, the quicker our product evolves, the better we get.
Of course, expansion is an important element for a startup. The question is, when? All too often, in my experience, the desire to expand begins to rear its head well in advance of traction and readiness.
Keep the team focused on proving the model, gaining market traction and claiming the space before expansion. Try to resist the urge to dilute your resources and focus too early.
Remember that little cup of espresso. Bigger isn't always better.
Follow Hans Hickler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ellipsisadvisor
More:

Twitter Tests Shopping ServiceAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

IPO values Citizens at up to $14bnLast updated: September 8, 2014 5:38 pm
RBS values Citizens arm at up to $14bn for US IPO
By Martin Arnold in London and Camilla Hall in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/41dc3b82-3752-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hertz reports Frissora to step down as Chairman & CEOHertz reports Frissora to step down as Chairman & CEO
Hertz reports Frissora to step down as Chairman & CEO
Hertz reports that Mark Frissora will step down as chairman and CEO and the company says Brian P. MacDonald, President and CEO of Hertz Equipment Rental Business, will serve as Interim CEO.
Hertz reports that Mark Frissora will step down as chairman and CEO and the company says Brian P. MacDonald, President and CEO of Hertz Equipment Rental Business, will serve as Interim CEO.

Tips on getting to Fort McHenry celebrationsBy Robert Thomson September 8 Follow @RT_Thomson
Fort McHenry will be the focus of this week’s 200th anniversary celebration in Baltimore. (National Park Service)
The parade of tall ships into Baltimore Harbor this week will be matched by a parade of cars bringing visitors to see the Star-Spangled Spectacular , a string of events celebrating the 200th anniversary of the defense of Fort McHenry .
If you are simply trying to get through Baltimore this week, you probably won’t have any better luck getting past the fort than the British did. Swing wide, taking Interstate 895 and the Harbor Tunnel rather than I-95 and the Fort McHenry Tunnel.
If your goal is to see the tall ships and naval vessels, Blue Angels and fireworks over the Inner Harbor, here are some travel tips.
Overview. Planners expect more than a million people to attend the celebration events from Wednesday through Tuesday. More than 30 ships will sail into Baltimore Harbor on Wednesday. But the really big days are likely to be Saturday and Sunday, when the air show, concerts and fireworks display will take place. See a schedule of events on the Star-Spangled Spectacular Web site. Use this link to see maps for the main events .
Construction. A trip along I-95 and I-395 in central Baltimore would be slow anyway, because the Maryland Transportation Authority is rebuilding the elevated highway between Caton Avenue and Hanover Street. The lanes shift and ramps close to accommodate the work zones. See the latest traffic advisories.
Alternative routes. Highway options for driving into the city include I-83 and Route 40. From the eastern side of the Fort McHenry Tunnel, I-95 drivers could take Exit 57 for O’Donnell/Boston Street or Exit 59 for Eastern Avenue. On the west side of the city, they could use Exit 50 for Caton Avenue to Wilkens Avenue.
See a pdf map of approaches to Baltimore from the west and south.
The MARC train’s Penn Line is another option for getting between the District and Baltimore. The Penn Line has weekend service. The last train on Saturday nights leaves Baltimore at 9:15. See MARC schedules. See also the Amtrak options between Union Station in the District and Penn Station in Baltimore.
Visitors flying into Baltimore-Washington International Marshall Airport could take Maryland’s light rail into Baltimore. See light rail information.
The Charm City Circulator operates four free bus routes across the city, with frequent service. See details about Baltimore’s Circulator buses.
Two free shuttle bus routes will link to events. One will operate between the Inner Harbor at Light and West Conway streets and North Locust Point, where the naval vessels will dock. This shuttle will operate Thursday through Monday from noon to 5 p.m. The other shuttle will operate between the same Inner Harbor stop and the outskirts of Fort McHenry at Fort Avenue and Andre Street. On Friday and Sunday, the shuttle will run from 11 a.m. and 6 p.m. On Saturday, the hours will be 11 a.m. to midnight.
Parking. Driving around Baltimore in the hours before and after the main events will be very difficult, and street parking will be tough to find. It’s possible to purchase guaranteed parking through Parking Panda , but allow yourself plenty of extra time for getting there.
The Baltimore Parking Authority also operates lots and garages throughout downtown. See a pdf list of them.
No parking will be allowed at Fort McHenry or in the Locust Point neighborhood. Only local traffic will be allowed on Fort Avenue east of Lawrence Street.
Sports events. As if the 200th anniversary celebration weren’t enough, Baltimore also will draw crowds for the Orioles’ four games at Camden Yards with the Yankees, Friday through Sunday, and the Ravens game with the Steelers on Thursday night at M&T Bank Stadium.
Fort McHenry. The fort, the center of War of 1812 history, will also be the center of activity for the celebration. The best ways to reach the fort to take one of the shuttle buses mentioned above or to walk or bike. When the fort reaches its capacity of visitors, the gates will be closed to entry. Bike parking will be available at Latrobe Park , off Fort Avenue. It’s two miles from Inner Harbor to Latrobe Park and three-tenths of a mile from the park to Fort McHenry. There’s no admission fee at the fort on Saturday and Sunday. At other times, it’s $7 for adults.
Roadway closings. Fort Avenue east of Andre Street will be closed from 11:59 p.m. Wednesday through 7:15 p.m. Monday. Parking restrictions will go into effect at 7 p.m. Wednesday. Andre Street will be closed between McComas Street and Fort Avenue from 7 p.m. Thursday through 9 a.m. Monday. Parking restrictions will go into effect at 7 p.m. Thursday. Monitor this Baltimore City advisory page for updates on closings and restrictions.
Robert Thomson is The Washington Post’s “Dr. Gridlock.” He answers travelers’ questions, listens to their complaints and shares their pain on the roads, trains and buses in the Washington region.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=local, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410191234/1410191234000/1410191234 tracking: {authors=Robert Thomson, blog_name=dr-gridlock, content_category=Local, in_url_headline=tips-on-getting-to-fort-mchenry-celebrations, post_id=29640, section={section=local, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 3:47:14 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 3:47:14 PM

The Top Ten Stocks for Monday  September 8The Top Ten Stocks for Monday, September 8
The Top Ten Stocks for Monday, September 8
Sept. 8 (Bloomberg) -- Bloomberg's Betty Liu, Olivia Sterns, and Julie Hyman report on today's ten most important stocks on "In The Loop."
Sept. 8 (Bloomberg) -- Bloomberg's Betty Liu, Olivia Sterns, and Julie Hyman report on today's ten most important stocks on "In The Loop."

Italian diner finds pearls worth 2 000 euros in oysterItalian diner finds pearls worth 2,000 euros in oyster
PTI
print
In a pleasant surprise, an Italian businessman discovered five pearls worth 2,000 euros inside an oyster he ordered at a restaurant.
Giuseppe Di Bianco, an executive at Poste Italiane in Italy, found the gems at Nonna Maria restaurant in Salerno, Italy.
Di Bianco, who was out on a date with his girlfriend, called up the restaurant and asked the manager to prepare some clams ahead of their visit, only to be told there were none in stock, 'The Local' reported.
Di Bianco then pleaded with the manager to replenish supplies, saying he had promised his girlfriend.
According to the 'Il Mattino' newspaper, the manager then brought fresh oysters from the nearby fish market.
The couple was served their oysters and when Di Bianco opened one of them, he found five pearls inside which could be worth around 2,000 euros, the report said.

S&P 500 Edges Back From a Record High CloseAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

The old ambassador in Moscow was a big Twitter presence. The new one Not at all.By Michael Birnbaum September 8 Follow @michaelbirnbaum
John Tefft, the new U.S. ambassador in Moscow, doesn't have a Twitter account. He is shown in July at a Senate committee hearing on his nomination. (Win McNamee/Getty Images)
MOSCOW – The old U.S. ambassador to Russia was a firecracker on Twitter , taking on critics and offering a view of Moscow life that was unusually unfiltered for a diplomat.
The new U.S. ambassador – who on Monday presented his credentials to the Russian Foreign Ministry – doesn’t even have a Twitter account.
John Tefft’s arrival in Moscow last week as Washington’s new envoy here filled a post that had been empty since February, bringing a seasoned and traditional hand to the embassy at the time of the worst relations between Russia and the United States since the Cold War.
Tefft’s predecessor, Stanford academic Michael McFaul, 50, had been President Obama’s chief Russia advisor before his arrival in Moscow in January 2012, just as the protests against then-Prime Minister Vladimir Putin were reaching their zenith. McFaul dived in to the job with a glee and openness that befit his cheerful character and academic past – but it unsettled Kremlin policymakers who said he was in town to stoke a revolution.
When critics attacked him on Twitter, he was ready to fire right back , countering a Russian Foreign Ministry offensive against him in spring 2013 with a series of protestations. He was – and remains – happy to engage with both supporters and detractors on the messaging service.
Remember last NATO summit I attended in 2010 in Lisbon. Medvedev was there. Spirit of Russia-NATO coop still alive. Tragic where we are now.
— Michael McFaul (@McFaul) September 5, 2014
The openness and speed of McFaul’s Twitter communications were unusual for a U.S. ambassador, whose every public utterance is typically vetted and filtered in advance by the State Department. But when McFaul arrived in Moscow, then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was pushing her envoys to use Twitter to reach new audiences in the countries where they were the public face of America. McFaul was happy to comply.
Clinton’s “message was that our diplomacy goes beyond meeting with our counterparts in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs,” he said in a January interview with The Washington Post, shortly before he announced he would be departing after the conclusion of the Winter Olympics held in Sochi, Russia.
That experiment with Twitter may have backfired in Russia -- and Tefft's appearance in Moscow is a reversion to a more traditional form of diplomacy that may play better in the Kremlin's gilded hallways than McFaul's ever did.
Tefft, born in 1949, is a career diplomat and former ambassador to Ukraine, Georgia and Lithuania who was brought out of retirement for the Moscow job. He has a far different style, one more accustomed to working the quiet channels of diplomacy than punching out pithy 140-character observations on his State Department BlackBerry. And his arrival is a retrenchment of sorts for the Obama administration, which is gambling that his conservative approach to diplomacy will play better for getting business done  The embassy has said that if ever his words appear on Twitter, they will come over the official embassy account, and he won’t be the one doing the tweeting.
No @twitter for Amb Tefft. Any acct claiming otherwise is a #fake He'll use @USEmbRu & sign JT. pic.twitter.com/SYtnidbu4O
— Will Stevens (@WBStevens) September 4, 2014
After he presented his credentials on Monday, he said that “as Ambassador, I have two main responsibilities. First and foremost, I am here to promote, defend, and explain the interests of the United States. Secondly, I am here to help my own government understand Russia’s goals and perspectives.
“America’s relations with Russia have a long and complex history. We have been allies, and we have been adversaries. We have cooperated and we have clashed. One thing, however that has never changed is America’s enduring commitment to engage with Russia, its people, and its government,” he said.
His words were published on Facebook .
But he wasn’t the man who did the typing.
Michael Birnbaum is The Post’s Moscow bureau chief. He previously served as the Berlin correspondent and an education reporter.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410194205/1410194205000/1410194205 tracking: {authors=Michael Birnbaum, blog_name=worldviews, content_category=World, in_url_headline=obamas-new-man-in-moscow-doesnt-do-twitter, post_id=37120, section={section=world, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 4:36:45 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 4:36:45 PM

Govt mulls steps to boost domestic marketsSachin P Mampatta |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:46 PM IST
Govt mulls steps to boost domestic markets
Relaxation in depository receipt framework, Euro clearing of Indian debt in works
The government is working on a number of changes to ease fund raising and increase the competitiveness of domestic capital markets.
A number of steps are in the works and hopefully, they should be in place by the next Budget, said Sanjeev Kaushik, director capital markets, Department of Economic Affairs of the Ministry of Finance on Monday at an event organised by BNY Mellon and BSE.
In July, the finance minister in the Budget speech had announced Bharat Depository Receipts scheme, which would essentially be a revamp of the current Indian Depository Receipt (IDR) scheme.
The IDR scheme has largely been unsuccessful with only one listing that of British banking major Standard Chartered in 2010. Kaushik said the DR regime needs some changes with regard to tax laws.  “The government is working on it and it is hoped that these changes should be in place by the next budget. The government has spoken to various regulators on the depositary receipt regime,” he said.
The Centre is awaiting comments from regulators on the Bharat DRs scheme announced in the Budget. The government is also working on realigning the DR regime with the new Companies Act.
Kaushik said the government is also working on Euroclearing, the world’s biggest bond settlement system, for Indian debt securities. The move is aimed at boosting investments into the domestic debt market.
He added the new Foreign Portfolio Investment (FPI) regime has made life simpler for overseas investors and the government is looking at ways for further easing of routes for foreign investment into the country.
“There is also work being done on making the Indian market more competitive. A team has looked at factors including market  timings. It is expected that some reforms in this regard with respect to derivatives in the equity, currency and commodities space will be in place soon,” he said.
High cost of trading in the domestic market has seen foreign investors preferring trading on Indian products on overseas exchanges in Singapore and Dubai.
 Advertisements

Thunderstorm winds overturn planes at Georgia airport (VIDEO)Thunderstorm winds overturn planes at Georgia airport (VIDEO)
By Angela Fritz
Comments
 
High winds tossed small airplanes like toys at a regional airport in Henry County, Ga., on Sunday night as strong thunderstorms likely produced at least one microburst in the area. The airport is located approximately 30 miles south of Atlanta, Ga.
The planes were overturned after sunset on Sunday night, though thunderstorms were rolling through central Georgia for most of the day. Meteorologists at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Ga., are surveying the damage, though initial indications are that a microburst was the culprit of the airport chaos. These events tend to be highly local in nature — wind reports from surrounding weather stations only peaked at around 15 mph on Sunday.
Microbursts are essentially strong thunderstorm downdrafts. Their range of impact is small — only around two miles in most cases — but their bite is powerful. Microburst winds can approach 150 mph, and can often be more damaging than some tornadoes.
Pilot B.J. Elias puts this high wind event into perspective. “[The planes] are not real heavy to begin with, they’re maybe 1,500 pounds,” he said. “So a hundred mile an hour wind picks them up and it just throws them.”
WSB-TV reports that there were no injuries at the airport from the storm.
Angela Fritz is the Deputy Weather Editor for the Washington Post. She holds a B.S.  degree in meteorology from Valparaiso University and an M.S. in Earth and Atmospheric Science from the Georgia Institute of Technology.

Last American jurisdiction with a total handgun banThe Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands is part of U.S. sovereign territory . It also (1) totally bans handguns, (2) bans carrying all guns , even in the home , (3) requires licenses for long guns, which are allegedly not granted for months on end , though theoretically they are supposed to be granted within 60 days, and (4) bans all ammunition except .22 cartridges, .223 cartridges, and .410 shotgun shells. Radich v. Guerrero (D.N.M.I. Sept. 5, 2014) argues this violates the Second Amendment, and surely that must be so; and before you go all Insular Cases on me, note that § 501 of the CNMI Covenant expressly provides (emphasis added),
To the extent that they are not applicable of their own force, the following provisions of the Constitution of the United States will be applicable within the Northern Mariana Islands as if the Northern Mariana Islands were one of the several States: Article I, Section 9, Clauses 2, 3, and 8; Article I, Section 10, Clauses 1 and 3; Article IV, Section 1 and Section 2, Clauses 1 and 2; Amendments 1 through 9, inclusive; Amendment 13; Amendment 14, Section 1; Amendment 15; Amendment 19; and Amendment 26; provided, however, that neither trial by jury nor indictment by grand jury shall be required in any civil action or criminal prosecution based on local law, except where required by local law.
This also explains how I learned about latte stones .
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410196241/1410196241000/1410196241 tracking: {authors=Eugene Volokh, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=last-american-jurisdiction-with-a-total-handgun-ban, post_id=13197, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 5:10:41 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 5:10:41 PM

Dow  S&P 500 dip in early afternoon; Nasdaq upWall St. set to open lower; S&P below 14-day moving average
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were poised to open slightly lower on Wednesday, with investors finding few incentives to jump back into the market even after a recent string of weakness.
The S&P 500 fell sharply on Tuesday, its biggest one-day decline since Aug. 5, which took it below its 14-day moving average for the first time on a closing basis since Aug. 12. A protracted hold under the key technical level could be a harbinger of further losses ahead.

India s Strides Arcolab gains; Mankekar raises stake to 4.7 pctAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Strides Arcolab invests in Oncobiologics Inc  acquires stakeAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Raju  other ex-Satyam execs get breather on Rs 3k-cr Sebi penaltyBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:31 PM IST
Raju, other ex-Satyam execs get breather on Rs 3k-cr Sebi penalty
Sebi had in July asked Ramalinga Raju and others to disgorge wrongful gains of Rs 1,850 crore, with interest of 12% per annum since January 2009, within 45 days
The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) on Monday stayed a July order of the securities market regulator directing Satyam Computer Services founder Ramalinga Raju and four other executives to disgorge alleged unlawful gains.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) in July had asked Raju and others to disgorge wrongful gains of Rs 1,850 crore, with interest of 12 per cent per annum since January 2009, within 45 days. It had also barred these individuals from accessing the securities market for a period of 14 years, for violation of various securities market regulations, including insider trading.
SAT, which hears appeals by entities aggrieved at Sebi, stayed the penalty till the time it announces its decision on whether to admit the plea, in December. It has also asked the market regulator to explain why such a large amount has been imposed as part of a disgorgement order.
Sebi counsel Mihir Modi sought time till November 7 to file an affidavit stating the regulator's stand. SAT directed Raju and the four others to file a rejoinder or counter-affidavit by December 15. “The appellate will hear the admission plea only after examining the affidavits of both the parties,” said SAT presiding officer J P Devadhar.
ALSO READ:  Satyam case: Sebi bans Raju for 14 yrs; seeks Rs 1,849cr
 
SAT will hear the case in December. The tribunal, however, has upheld the market ban imposed by Sebi on Raju and others. The other four charged by Sebi are B Rama Raju (then managing director of Satyam and Ramalinga Raju’s brother), Vadlamani Srinivas (ex-finance head), G Ramakrishna (ex-vice president) and V S Prabhakara Gupta (ex-head of internal audit). In its 65-page order, Sebi had said these five persons “have committed a sophisticated white collar financial fraud with a pre-meditated and well-thought plan, with deliberate design for personal gains and to the detriment of the company and investors in its securities”.
The Satyam scam first came to light in January 2009, through a confessional letter written by Raju himself saying he had forged documents to mis-state the company's earnings.
 Advertisements

Campaign finance debate a partisan flashpoint as it moves to Senate floorBy Matea Gold September 8 Follow @mateagold
The debate about the pull that wealthy donors have in politics is set to take center stage on the Senate floor this week as Democrats push a constitutional amendment that would give lawmakers more leverage to restrict campaign financing and spending.
The longshot measure -- dubbed by supporters the Democracy for All Amendment -- is an attempt to provide elected officials with a legal authority to curb the big money that has buoyed super PACs and politically active tax-exempt groups since the Supreme Court’s 2010 Citizens United decision.
The bill , sponsored by Sen. Tom Udall (D-N.M.), says that Congress and the states can “set reasonable limits on the raising and spending of money by candidates and others to influence elections.” It also gives federal and state authorities the power to prohibit election spending by corporations, which was permitted by Citizens United.
The amendment faces steep odds: it would require the support of two-thirds of the House and the Senate, and then would have to be ratified by three-quarters of the states.
But it is being seized upon by both the left and right as a way to engage in a proxy fight over the role of money in politics -- a major theme of this year’s midterm elections, in which billionaire donors such as Charles and David Koch and Tom Steyer have played starring roles in campaign ads. Already, outside groups have reported spending nearly $200 million on this year’s races, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, a nonpartisan research organization. That's more than triple this point in the 2010 midterms.
Both sides are seeking to make the most of the Senate vote. Backers of the constitutional amendment are set to hold a rally on Capitol Hill Monday afternoon with Democratic senators to showcase three million signatures they have gathered in support. Meanwhile, the Republican senators are planning to use the floor debate over the bill to spotlight the role of wealthy liberal donors.
Supporters of the amendment have sought to emphasize its bipartisan appeal. Udall joined with former Sen. Alan Simpson (R-Wy.) in an op-ed published Monday by The Hill to argue it is necessary to change a system in which “a few billionaires can drown out the voices of millions of Americans.”
But the debate is likely to break sharply along partisan lines. The measure has 48 co-sponsors -- none of them Republican. Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell has attacked the bill as an assault on free speech protections. The goal of the Democrats, he wrote in a piece for Politico, “is to shut down the voices of their critics at a moment when they fear the loss of their fragile Senate majority.”
The absence of GOP support for the bill underscores a substantial shift within the party on campaign finance issues over the last several decades. Past versions of the constitutional amendment -- which has been introduced in various forms beginning in 1986 -- have been cosponsored by Republicans such as Sen. Ted Stevens of Alaska, Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania, Sen. Thad Cochran of Mississippi and Sen. John McCain of Arizona.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410198125/1410198125000/1410198125 tracking: {authors=Matea Gold, blog_name=post-politics, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=campaign-finance-debate-a-partisan-flashpoint-as-it-moves-to-senate-floor, post_id=96871, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 5:42:05 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 5:42:05 PM

Here’s how fast viruses spread in your officeBy Rachel Feltman September 8 Follow @rachelfeltman
Don't let your boss's cough ruin your day. (Bigstock)
Really fast. Only two to four hours after being deposited on a single doorknob or tabletop, viruses were present on more than half of workers and visitors in the building, as well as more than half of the surfaces they would commonly touch. According to research presented at the American Society for Microbiology's 54th Interscience Conference on Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy (ICAAC), this speedy spread can be cut down tremendously with the use of hand sanitizer and antiviral cleaning wipes.
“What we really learned is that the hand is quicker than a sneeze in the spread of disease,” lead author Charles Gerba of the University of Arizona said in a Q&A at ICAAC this morning. The initial doorknob was contaminated with a harmless, traceable virus chosen for its similarity to human norovirus (of cruise ship fame ). Within a couple of hours, the pathogen had essentially infiltrated the building.
The worst viral hot spot was the break room. "That's the first thing you do when you go to work, you get a cup of coffee," Gerba said in the Q&A. But workers would be wise to make sure they're the first break room visitors of the day: It didn't take long for the communal area to become a viral minefield.
When people touch foreign surfaces, Gerba said, they pick up between 30 and 50 percent of the organisms on them. This isn't always a bad thing: Many microbiologists believe that it's beneficial for us  to pick up other people's bacteria. But there's no such thing as a good norovirus.
Most of the colds, flu and diarrhea that humans experience are caused by bacteria we pick up from touching contaminated surfaces, Gerba said.  A typical adult touches their face once every three minutes, and this hand-to-mucus-membrane transfer is bad news.
But we have a weapon in the battle against office contagion: When just half of workers agreed to use hand sanitizer or antiviral cleaning wipes (the sanitizer whenever they went out in public and returned to the office, and the wipes once a day at their desk), the number of contaminated surfaces fell by 80 percent or more. So don't go bathing in Purell, but just remember: If someone in the building is sick, no surface is safe.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410198108/1410198108000/1410198108 tracking: {authors=Rachel Feltman, blog_name=speaking-of-science, content_category=National, in_url_headline=heres-how-fast-viruses-spread-in-your-office, post_id=868, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 5:41:48 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 5:41:48 PM

Coal-Gate: Cost of De-AllocationThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

It’s the 40th anniversary of the decision that doomed Gerald Ford’s presidencyBy Philip Bump September 8 Follow @pbump
On Sept. 8, 1974, President Gerald Ford made an announcement that, nearly single-handedly, ensured that he would not win election to the job that he'd inherited less than a month before. That Sunday evening, in a statement that The Post described as being "delivered rather grimly," Ford pardoned Richard Nixon for any crimes he "committed or may have committed" over the course of the Watergate affair.
At the time, 58 percent of the country felt that Nixon should face possible criminal charges, as Pew Research notes in its excellent write-up of Ford's decision. Ford himself appeared to agree with that sentiment during the nomination process that led to his being named vice president and eventually president. "I don't think the public would stand for" a president who let Nixon off the hook, Ford said, as The Post reported. He later explained his change of heart by saying that, as president, some decisions "do not look at all the same as the hypothetical questions that I have answered freely and perhaps too fast on previous occasions."
He'd only been in office for a month, so Gallup hadn't done a lot of polling on his tenure. On Aug. 19, just over a week after Nixon resigned, Ford's approval was at 71 percent. Then he issued the pardon.
He never really recovered. In its retrospective of Ford's presidency, Gallup notes that his approval rating ticked back up in May 1975 after a confrontation with the Khmer Rouge near Thailand over the SS Mayaguez . By August, he was back underwater though.
By 1976, Ford's approval ratings were still not very strong, but he successfully fended off a challenge from Ronald Reagan at the Republican convention and, as Election Day approached, ate into Jimmy Carter's once-significant lead. Ford eventually lost by about 1.7 million votes -- about two percentage points -- even as his approval rating was in positive territory on Election Day.
Over time, the public became more comfortable with Ford's pardon of Nixon. By 1986, Gallup reports a majority approved of the move. But in 1976, the American public opposed the pardon 55-35. Had it never occurred, who knows what might have happened in 1976.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He previously wrote for The Wire, the news blog of The Atlantic magazine. He has contributed to The Daily Beast, The Atlantic, The Daily, and the Huffington Post. Philip is based in New York City.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410200184/1410200184000/1410200184 tracking: {authors=Philip Bump, blog_name=the-fix, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=its-the-40th-anniversary-of-the-decision-that-doomed-gerald-fords-presidency, post_id=110081, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 6:16:24 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 6:16:24 PM

Hayward: Special teams gaffes are fixableComments
Adam Hayward rallies the Redskins before Sunday’s game. (David J. Phillip/Associated Press)
Special teams captain Adam Hayward said that the errors in Sunday’s loss to the Houston Texans that led to a blocked point-after attempt and blocked punt are all easily correctable. The eighth-year linebacker stressed that he and his teammates must devote a significant amount of attention to shoring up those problem areas, now that the Redskins have shown their weaknesses.
The Redskins spent the offseason and preseason working to upgrade their special teams units both from a personnel and execution standpoint. The hiring of new special teams coordinator Ben Kotwica and signing of Hayward — a longtime special teams ace for Tampa Bay — in free agency ranked among those moves. And Kotwica has stressed strong fundamentals and effort since his arrival.
But in the second quarter, Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt blew through the combo block of Kedric Golston and Nick Sundberg and blocked Kai Forbath’s extra-point attempt.
Hayward marveled at Watt’s strength, saying “That’s a grown man. I don’t know. That’s — I’ve never seen a guy like J.J. Watt do the things he has. Definitely a grown man.”
The more egregious error came later in the same quarter when Houston’s Alfred Blue slipped right past Roy Helu Jr. untouched on the line and easily blocked Tress Way’s punt before recovering the loose ball and scoring a touchdown.
Helu said Sunday night that he simply got beat to the inside.
“He got me underneath and honestly, he beat me,” he explained. “I take responsibility for that. . . . I didn’t do my job.”
Following the game, Hayward said he wasn’t sure what went wrong on the play. But Monday, after watching the play several times on video, the linebacker agreed with Helu’s assessment, but also offered the running back tips on how to avoid the same mistake.
“It was just an up-and-under, and that’s something that’s easily fixed and practiced on and talked about a lot,” Hayward said. “It definitely shouldn’t have happened, but it did and we’ve got to fix that problem. I talked to Roy about it and now we’ll fix that, and we’ll be good.”
Hayward insisted that the blunders weren’t true indicators of the state of the special teams units.
“The blocked punt was the only thing that was really bad, special teams. Overall, we played a great game, and the progress made from last year to this year, it was a big turnaround,” he said.
However, he added, now the Redskins are a marked team and must work hard to ensure they avoid a repeat of such errors.
“Now that we’ve put it on tape, teams are going to try it on us a lot,” Hayward said. “I don’t think these guys understand that every week, that means for the next 15 games, they’re going to try up-and-under on us. We opened Pandora’s box.”
More from The Post:

The Nats will open at home against the Mets and will play the AL East in interleague play.Comments
The Nats will play six games against the Orioles, including three in late September. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)
The Nationals will open their 2015 season at home and host every American League East team aside from the Red Sox at Nationals Park, including a potentially fascinating, late-season showdown with the neighboring Baltimore Orioles.
Major League Baseball released the entire 2015 schedule Monday afternoon. The Nationals will begin their season at Nationals Park on April 6 against the New York Mets. The way they end their season is more noteworthy.
The Nationals will play 26 of their final 29 games against National League East opponents, including a three-game series in Atlanta during the final week of the season. The only series outside the division will come Sept. 27-29 at Nationals Park against the Orioles, a possibly pivotal series between two interleague rivals.
The Nationals will host the New York Yankees for a two-game series May 19 and 20. They will also host the Rays and Blue Jays in interleague play. They’ll travel to New York, Boston, Tampa Bay (their first trip to Tropicana Field since 2009) and Baltimore. The Nationals will not play in Toronto, and so a formerly Canadian franchise will not be visiting Canada.
A few other 2015 schedule notables:
The Nationals’ first road trip of the season will take them to Philadelphia and Boston.
The Nationals will meet the Braves for the first time April 27-29.
The Nationals will take West Coast road trips in May and August.
The Nationals finish the season with a three-game series against the Mets at Citi Field on Oct. 2-4.

Another case Sinha should recuse himself fromN Sundaresha Subramanian |  Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:44 PM IST
Another case Sinha should recuse himself from
His meeting with UK Sinha at his home office assumes signifciance in the backdrop of MCX fracas
The infamous Niira Radia tapes, leaked almost five years earlier, exposed the unholy nexus of politicians, media professionals and corporate lobbyists that manipulated policy decisions and cabinet postings. Last week, in a similar explosive revelation, DNA, the Mumbai-based daily, put out a list of corporate executives who frequently met the chief of the country’s premier investigative agency.
Ranjit Sinha, director of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), has since tied himself in knots, first denying such meetings, then saying some entries were genuine, to asking what was wrong with such meetings.
Subsequent reports have brought out names of other high-profile visitors that Sinha hosted at his 2, Janpath, home office.
One was a promoter of a company involved in the coal blocks allocation scam. Another was a corporate lobbyist turned businessman and there were even some ministers.
While the Supreme Court will decide on whether he should sit out of the 2G telecom spectrum case, requests have gone to the prime minister to get a new chief for what the SC had earlier termed a ‘caged parrot’.
One other important case, where the entry register revelations call for intervention, is the criminal case filed against some officials of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi). Six months earlier, CBI registered a preliminary enquiry against former Sebi chairman C B Bhave and ex-wholetime member K M Abraham for alleged irregularities in granting a licence to the Jignesh Shah-promoted MCX Stock Exchange.
Several eminent people had slammed the agency’s move soon after it found its way to the media, for selectively picking Bhave and Abraham who gave MCX-SX permission for currency trading, when the equities licence was given under current chairman U K Sinha. A PTI report dated May 18 said CBI was planning to quiz Sinha in this matter. On May 22, it was reported by PTI that CBI had examined the Sebi chief at Mumbai.
Days before the entry register expose, the agency recommended departmental action against Bhave and Abraham but registered a cheating and conspiracy case against a team of officials which assisted the duo in the MCX-SX matter at Sebi. There was no mention about the incumbent Sebi chief.
Now, the CBI chief has told the media that he used to meet people who were aggrieved by the actions of his subordinates. Bhave and Abraham have made no bones about their anger over the CBI action but their names do not figure in the entry register. The CBI chief met officials of a corporate group which was levied the highest penalty under Bhave.
Also, The Times of India report dated September 5, titled ‘Both famous and infamous came calling’, said the CBI chief met the current Sebi chief, quoting the entry register. Under normal circumstances, the meeting of two fellow Bihar cadre officers who have risen up the ranks over three decades should not raise eyebrows.
But, given the history of the relationship between the Sebi chief and Abraham (both have traded serious charges on matters including MCX-SX and some other companies whose officials the CBI chief met), the 2, Janpath meeting loses its innocuousness. It is in national interest and in the interest of the victims of Shah’s enterprises that the case is handed over to a person who doesn’t meet people at home.
 Advertisements

Kenneth Rogoff: The exaggerated death of inflationKenneth Rogoff |  Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 09:59 PM IST
Kenneth Rogoff: The exaggerated death of inflation
No matter how much central banks may present inflation levels as technocratic decision, it is a social choice
Is the era of high inflation gone forever? In a world of slow growth, high debt and tremendous distributional pressures, whether inflation is dead or merely dormant is an important question. Yes, massive institutional improvements concerning central banks have created formidable barriers to high inflation. But a significant part of a central bank's credibility ultimately derives from the broader macroeconomic environment in which it operates.
In the first half of the 1990s, annual inflation averaged 40 per cent in Africa, 230 per cent in Latin America and 360 per cent in the transition economies of eastern Europe. And, in the early 1980s, advanced-economy inflation averaged nearly 10 per cent. Today, high inflation seems so remote that many analysts treat it as little more than a theoretical curiosity.
They are wrong to do so. No matter how much central banks may wish to present the level of inflation as a mere technocratic decision, it is ultimately a social choice. And some of the very pressures that helped to contain inflation for the past two decades have been retreating.
In the years preceding the financial crisis, increasing globalisation and technological advances made it much easier for central banks to deliver both solid growth and low inflation. This was not the case in the 1970s, when stagnating productivity and rising commodity prices turned central bankers into scapegoats, not heroes.
True, back then, monetary authorities were working with old-fashioned Keynesian macroeconomic models, which encouraged the delusion that monetary policy could indefinitely boost the economy with low inflation and low interest rates. Central bankers today are no longer so naive, and the public is better informed. But a country's long-term inflation rate is still the outcome of political choices not technocratic decisions. As the choices become more difficult, the risk to price stability grows.
A quick tour of emerging markets reveals that inflation is far from dead. According to the International Monetary Fund's April 2014 World Economic Outlook, inflation in 2013 reached 6.2 per cent in Brazil, 6.4 per cent in Indonesia, 6.6 per cent in Vietnam, 6.8 per cent in Russia, 7.5 per cent in Turkey, 8.5 per cent in Nigeria, 9.5 per cent in India, 10.6 per cent in Argentina and a whopping 40.7 per cent in Venezuela. These levels may be a big improvement from the early 1990s, but they certainly are not evidence of inflation's demise.
Yes, advanced economies are in a very different position today, but they are hardly immune. Many of the same pundits who never imagined that advanced economies could have massive financial crises are now sure that advanced economies can never have inflation crises.
More fundamentally, where, exactly, does one draw the line between advanced economies and emerging markets? The euro zone, for example, is a blur. Imagine that there was no euro and that the southern countries had retained their own currencies - Italy with the lira, Spain with the peseta, Greece with the drachma and so on. Would these countries today have an inflation profile more like the United States and Germany or more like Brazil and Turkey?
Most likely, they would be somewhere in between. The European periphery would have benefited from the same institutional advances in central banking as everyone else; but there is no particular reason to suppose that its political structures would have evolved in a radically different way. The public in the southern countries embraced the euro precisely because the northern countries' commitment to price stability gave them a currency with enormous anti-inflation credibility.
As it turned out, the euro was not quite the free lunch that it seemed to be. The gain in inflation credibility was offset by weak debt credibility. If the European periphery countries had their own currencies, it is likely that debt problems would morph right back into elevated inflation.
I am not arguing that inflation will return anytime soon in safe-haven economies such as the United States or Japan. Though United States' labour markets are tightening, and the new Federal Reserve chair has emphatically emphasised the importance of maximum employment, there is still little risk of high inflation in the near future.
Still, over the longer run, there is no guarantee that any central bank will be able to hold the line in the face of adverse shocks such as continuing slow productivity growth, high debt levels and pressure to reduce inequality through government transfers. The risk would be particularly high in the event of other major shocks - say, a general rise in global real interest rates.
Recognising that inflation is only dormant renders foolish the oft-stated claim that any country with a flexible exchange rate has nothing to fear from high debt, as long as debt is issued in its own currency. Imagine again that Italy had its own currency instead of the euro. Certainly, the country would have much less to fear from an overnight run on debt. Nevertheless, given the huge governance problems that Italy still faces, there is every chance that its inflation rate would look more like Brazil's or Turkey's, with any debt problems spilling over faster price growth.
Modern central banking has worked wonders to bring down inflation. Ultimately, however, a central bank's anti-inflation policies can work only within the context of a macroeconomic and political framework that is consistent with price stability. Inflation may be dormant, but it is certainly not dead.
The writer, a former chief economist of the International Monetary Fund, is Professor of Economics and Public Policy at Harvard University
Copyright: Project Syndicate, 2014

ONGC to speed up exploration projectsBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 11:37 PM IST
ONGC to speed up exploration projects
Over the past decade, ONGC has seen oil and gas output from its field decline steadily
After drawing flak from various quarters for its slow pace of work, state-run Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) has decided to delegate decision-making powers to its officials in order to speed up its various exploration and production projects. Over the past decade, ONGC has seen oil and gas output from its field decline steadily.
During FY14, the company’s domestic oil and gas production was 45.03 million tonnes of oil equivalent (mtoe), the lowest in a decade. In 2005, production was 47.15 mtoe. ONGC’s scrip was up 2.78 per cent at Rs 454.80 on the BSE on the back of drop in crude oil prices and upgrade by Bank of America Merrill Lynch on a possible reworking in subsidy-sharing formula.
The company’s biggest project currently is Krishna Godavari-DWN-98/2, or KG D5, located in the Bay of Bengal. The project has been delayed by four years. It was to begin production this year, but it has now been pushed to 2018. “Our officials went to Kakinada to review the project and came up with a timeline of 2021 for production. This was not acceptable to us. We wanted to put it on production much sooner. It will be a challenge, but we said we want this to be produced by 2018,” said D K Sarraf, chairman and managing director, ONGC.
ONGC which was expecting a substantial gas output from the block said it will now produce oil too. The block is expected to see a peak production of up to 70,000-90,0000 barrels per day. This would be equivalent to nearly half of ONGC's biggest producing field-Bombay High. The block will see production of about 20-25 million standard cubic meters per day.
ONGC however, declined to divulge details on the reserves the block holds and the investment it would entail. Sarraf said the plans for the field are still at the drawing board would be submitted to the government in December 2014.
ONGC's KG D5 lies adjacent to Reliance Industries' KG D6. Early this year ONGC accused Reliance Industries (RIL) of gas "theft" worth Rs 30,000 crore from the its KG D5 block.
Sarraf, saying the matter was subjudice, declined to comment on the issue and any probable downward revision of the reserve base of the block due to the alleged theft.
ONGC, in which government would shortly divest 5% stake, said it is positive about the news on reduced subsidy burden. "Media reports suggest that our subsidy burden would come down. Total under-recovery for us could be around Rs 35,000 crore which we are quite comfortable with," added Sarraf.
ONGC had asked the government to address its subsidy issue before planning a stake sale. The government of India holds 69% stake in ONGC.
ONGC which also desires a higher gas price from its field said it has not asked the government for any gas price hike but said it has communicated to the government that cost of production form some of its fields will be higher than the existing fields. "Mahanadi will be much higher," Sarraf said without divulging the details.
 Advertisements

Wall St bankers stuck in squeezed middle© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/16ee9ed8-36bc-11e4-85be-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SAI clears hockey camp for juniorsPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:09 am
The uncertainty over India’s participation in the Sultan of Johor Cup men’s junior hockey tournament is over as the Sports Authority of India, after much dilly-dallying, has finally approved the national camp to be held here from September 13 to October 9.
India are the defending champions in the Sultan of Johor Cup to be held in Johor Bahru, Malaysia from October 10-20.
The 27-day camp, which was hanging in uncertainty, will be held for 33 players and 10 officials at the Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium here.
“Administrative approval of the Competent Authority is hereby accorded to hold the junior men’s national coaching camp of 43 campers, comprising 33 junior men’s probables and 10 officials (including Indian and foreign coaches and support staff at MDCNC, New Delhi from 13th Sept to 9th Oct, 2014 in preparations for Sultan of Johor Cup and FIH Junior World 2016,” the SAI informed Hockey India (HI) through a communication dated September 5.
HI secretary general Narinder Batra, who was critical of the government’s nodal agency for not approving the camp, thanked SAI for clearing the deck.
“Thank you for clearing the camp for junior men from 13 September, 2014,” Batra said in his reply.
Incidentally, Batra was at loggerheads with SAI officials recently for not approving the colts’ camp ahead of the tournament, and also claimed the national federation faces the risk of a hefty financial penalty from the International Hockey Federation if it was forced to withdraw the team from the Sultan of Johor Cup at the last minute.
He said the FIH-sanctioned event was a part of Annual Calendar for Training and Competition (ACTC) approved for this year till the Asian Games.
Besides India, the other participating countries in the tournament are Australia, Great Britain, Pakistan, New Zealand and Malaysia.

AIBA observer for boxing electionsPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:08 am
Mired in controversies and postponed once, the much-anticipated elections to put in place India’s new boxing federation will be overseen by an observer from the International Boxing Association (AIBA) to ensure that free and fair polls are conducted on September 11. The elections are being conducted by Boxing India, the interim body recognised by AIBA after the national federation was terminated earlier this year following a suspension dating back to 2012.
“Ms Cliodhna Guy, from AIBA’s legal department will be in Mumbai on September 11 to oversee the proceedings. She will put together a full report of the process and submit the video recording of it to AIBA,” Boxing India member Udit Seth said.
Besides, Boxing India has also requested the Sports Ministry to send an observer. “For the last two-three months, we have been trying to put together a free election process and requesting a ministry  observer is just one of them,” he said.
The run-up to the elections, which were originally scheduled for July 9, has been bumpy at best as several state units have expressed open dissatisfaction with Boxing India’s handling of the responsibility.
But Seth said the members can expect a free and fair process in Mumbai on September 11. “We have been entrusted with the responsibility of conducting a fair election by the AIBA President Dr Ching-Kuo Wu. Our job is to deliver on that promise. Every election has its share of allegations and counter-allegations and this is no difference. So it’s a normal process,” he said.
“But I only want to say that it is the last chance given to the sport. It is the responsibility of every state unit to come together for the sport,” added Seth, who is also the managing director of Transstadia, the company which owns the India franchise of the World Series of Boxing.

Pakistani PM accepts Narendra Modis help for flood-hit areas of PakistanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tommorrow as soon as market opens..take long in rcom & dnt book longs ...Platinum Member
28 Followers
Tommorrow As soon as Market Opens..Take Long in Rcom & dnt book longs for 2-3rs, Rcom will see a major move, there is a reason behind this. So just accumulate as much as u can. SL-109 on closing basis
12.30 AM Sep 9th  | Track

Puravankara ProjectsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

40 Years Ago... and now: ITC struggles to kick tobaccoIshita Ayan Dutt |  Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:44 AM IST
40 Years Ago... and now: ITC struggles to kick tobacco
The conglomerate adopted an unremitting focus on diversifying from the mid-seventies but the exercise has not been without controversy and the results have been mixed
Two decades after joining Imperial Tobacco Company as a "management pupil" in 1948, Ajit Narain Haksar, a Harvard Business School alumnus, became its first Indian chairman. A year later, the Imperial in the company's name became India, and in 1974, it became plain ITC.
The name change was done with a purpose. Haksar had realised by then that the company needed to diversify as the business environment is changing and it would be difficult - even risky - to stick to the tobacco business alone partly also because of the restrictions imposed by the Monopolies and Restrictive Trade Practices Act of 1969. Haksar knew how to walk the talk in a hurry. So, ITC opened its first hotel in Chennai (then Madras) - the ITC Welcomgroup Hotel Chola - in 1975. The paperboards business followed two years later. It was at one point also the largest marketers of condoms, mainly Nirodh, for the government.
The momentum continued under Haksar's successor, J N Sapru. Inspired by British parent British American Tobacco (BAT's) foray into financial services with Eagle Star, ITC set up its non-banking financial arm, ITC Classic Finance, in 1986. The iconic "Bukhara" restaurant was taken beyond Indian shores to New York. Then came the edible oils business under ITC Agro Tech.
Under K L Chugh, who took charge in 1991, ITC carved out its own "sogo shosha" or trading company, ITC Global Holdings Pte Ltd. Additional capital was raised through a global depository receipt issue to finance the expanding businesses. Sometime in 1993, ITC tied up with global financial services major Peregrine.
By 1996, however, most of these diversifications had failed. But till it all came crumbling down, the imposing corporate headquarters, Virginia House, on 37, Chowringhee Road, was an icon of a successful global corporation. Yet it's the global operations (the Bukhara deal and the international business division namely) that turned out to be a major embarrassment.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) believed that ITC had inflated profits by over-invoicing imports. A massive nationwide search and seizure operation followed in what was believed to be one of the biggest tax evasion cases of its time. In a late-night swoop in October 1996, Chugh and Sapru were arrested by the ED; they were in custody for months.
At the end of it all, ITC was left with financial liabilities (excise plus liabilities dues of failed companies) of Rs 1,500 crore. This prompted a rapid rationalisation of its portfolio. It began with the exit from financial services (which was sold to ICICI in 1998), then edible oils, overseas restaurants, real estate, followed.
Y C Deveshwar, who took over as chairman in 1996, inherited hotels and paper board, the only two non-tobacco business of any real scale, from his predecessors. The options before him were two: to focus on core business (tobacco) or, to diversify. The backdrop was complex - on the one hand, was the company's failed diversifications, on the other, its overseas parent (British multinational BAT which owned 31.8 per cent) was upping the ante. After an aborted attempt to greater foothold in the company, and ITC's failed diversification, the single-largest shareholder wanted the Indian company to stick to its core business. Instead, Deveshwar opted for more diversification - and how. The new drivers for growth were created - non-cigarette fast moving goods and information technology.
The big blow came in 2004 when the government dropped a bombshell with the Cigarettes and other Tobacco Products (Prohibition of Advertisement and Regulation of Trade and Commerce, Production, Supply and Distribution) Act, 2003 to protect public health by imposing restrictions on advertising and banning sponsorships.
There was little option before the company, but to de-risk its business model. Its portfolio of traditional and greenfield businesses comprise fast moving consumer goods, hotels, paperboards & specialty papers, packaging, agri-business and information technology. With the restrictions on tobacco advertising, the brand Wills, so far synonymous with cigarettes, was extended to garments and personal care products with Wills Lifestyle.
In hotels, the high points were hit in the 1990s, when the company decided to invest heavily and properties such as the ITC Maratha, ITC Grand Central, ITC Sonar and ITC Gardenia came up.
In 2000, ITC launched e-choupal, a model that enables farmers to obtain information on mandi prices and good farming practices, and to place orders for agricultural inputs like seeds and fertilisers. Possibly ITC's most awarded initiative, it was however, constrained by various government restrictions.
The FMCG business with some 20 brands in its kitty is growing, more importantly, profitably. Most of these ride on the robust distribution network that ITC has built over the years.
Forty years on, ironically, the managerial attention to new businesses has meant almost 40 per cent of revenues now come from the non-tobacco business (see chart). But tobacco still accounts for 84 per cent of the group's profit. Over the next 40 years, then, ITC's challenge will be to kick the tobacco habit in terms of the bottom line too.
 Advertisements

Economic Equity and Gender Equality for South Africa: A New Agenda for a New Generationreddit
In a township called Khayelitsha, a woman wakes well before dawn to catch a bus that will carry her to the beautiful home in Cape Town where her employer/boss/master wants his tea in bed by 7 a.m. That is what "post-apartheid" South Africa still looks like today.
I just returned from a remarkable month in South Africa -- the country that changed my life. I've often said that I learned my theology of hope from South Africa, during the anti-apartheid struggle I was thrust into as a young man. South African church leaders invited me in years ago. I got to see and experience the costly movement for freedom in the 1980s, witness the miracle of the inauguration of Nelson Mandela's rainbow nation in 1994, and later join a wonderful reunion of South African activists, many of whom had been in exile or in prison, along with some of us international allies. So when I set out on a South African speaking and book tour 20 years after the new democracy, I didn't know what to expect.
This time, I brought my family so they could see the country that had meant so much to me. What I discovered was a new generation of South African leaders ready to define their own vocation and mission as they help build a new nation. I quickly came to understand that making a deep connection with them was the real reason that I had come back. It's tough to be in the shadow of a heroic generation of leaders like Desmond Tutu whose agenda has been the political liberation of South Africa -- accomplished to the amazement of the world. On this trip, 20 years later, I saw the incredible freedom of movement now for all the former racial categories -- but also how the systemic geography of apartheid was still painfully evident.
Economic inequality in South Africa is now greater than it was even during the days of apartheid, and gender violence is rampant. So these are the new agendas of a new generation: economic liberation and gender equality, with a commitment to lead on both in the churches. The rainbow of young people who turned up in such great numbers at all of our events truly want a new South Africa -- a society yet to emerge.
All along the way of our tour, the youth of South Africa were finding each other and making connections, bringing their friends as the university events were unfolding, asking new questions at old seminaries, sharing media interviews with each other and using social media to spread the word. They are pushing the current church leaders to regain the prophetic voice of the church they feel was lost, to find the church's voice again after going silent in the initial years of democracy, and reconciling the differences that still keep faith communities divided.
They realize that the ANC (The African National Conference) was once a movement, but is now a government -- a very important difference that people of faith need to recognize and respond to differently. Governments are eager to offer access but not influence to faith communities, and are looking for compliance more than challenge from faith leaders -- as our meetings with government leaders demonstrated. A new generation wants to change that dynamic with political leaders and develop the capacity to mobilize faith communities to make change.
They are weary and rejecting of the prosperity gospel, present in  too many churches. Even charismatic churches were responding in great numbers to alter calls on the tour that made the biblical appeal to "take away from me the noise of your songs ... But let justice roll down like waters, and righteousness like an ever-flowing stream mighty river." New pilot projects in black township churches -- in partnership with both government and business -- are ready to offer new hope for overcoming poverty in South Africa.
I saw a culture that has unbelievable "rape games" on school playgrounds where 11- and 12-year-old boys chase girls, ending in 10- to 20-second simulated rapes where the girls are then called "out" -- a very frightening reflection of a society where gender violence has become epidemic. A new generation realizes that in order to fight this, the church must begin with its own gender equality.
I had conversations late into the night with these young leaders about the meaning of leadership, the need for mentoring, the desire for spiritual formation, and finding the courage to put faith into action again in South Africa.
From game parks and waterways in the north beholding the beauty of God's African creation and creatures, to the beaches that seem to go on forever, to the stunning beauty of rounding the Cape of Good Hope at the southern tip of the glorious continent, to Table Mountain in what might be the most beautiful city in the world, Cape Town, my children saw South Africa. But they also saw the continuing poverty of a country that still shows the oppressive geography of apartheid. My boys met the youth of the townships, some of whom believe they need a second revolution, and others who want to make that happen, but with justice and peace.
That woman who wakes at 4 a.m. to catch the bus into Cape Town? Her future and the future of her children will determine the future of South Africa. And a new generation of faith seems ready to help shape that future. It gave me new hope, once again, from South Africa.
Jim Wallis is president of Sojourners . His book, The (Un)Common Good: How the Gospel Brings Hope to a World Divided, the updated and revised paperback version of On God's Side, is available now. Follow Jim on Twitter @JimWallis .
Follow Jim Wallis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jimwallis
More:

Cycling the seven seasWith the Schiller X1, cyclist becomes seafarer
Ken Wysocky
About the author
Ken is a freelance writer and editor who resides in suburban Milwaukee, Wisconsin. A former newspaper reporter and magazine editor, Ken has more than 25 years of editorial and communications experience.
Share this page
The Schiller X1 water bike conquers San Francisco Bay. (Schiller Bikes)
About 70% of the earth is covered by water, which translates to an awful lot of wide-open terrain – for biking.
Related
Rise of the short-haul truckers
It may sound far-fetched, until you see the Schiller X1 water bike , the latest entrant in a growing field of curious aquatic conveyances.
The X1 bears no relation to  those clunky beach-rental units with the bright, lemon-yellow pontoons. Instead, the watercraft marries a sleek design with intuitive functionality, giving a rider-slash-yachtsman something akin to a sailboat ride, albeit one where the skipper is cantilevered over the water on a bicycle seat.
“There are something like a billion bikes worldwide on a planet that’s two-thirds water,” says Judah Schiller, the X1’s creator and founder of Schiller Bikes, based in Mill Valley, California, a hilly enclave north of San Francisco. “To me, this seems like an opportunity to pioneer something new, to reinvent the bicycle and create something purpose-built just for water.”
The Schiller X1 water bike. (Schiller Bikes)
Schiller made waves last year when he rode across San Francisco Bay using a Shuttle Bike Kit, made by SBK-KIT in Italy. But the Shuttle Bike requires users to mount a conventional bike – generally unsuitable for water exposure ­– on a dual-pontoon-supported frame.
The X1, on the other hand, features stainless-steel parts and a hard-anodised, powder-coated aluminium frame for corrosion resistance; a proprietary pure-rotary drive train that weds Gates carbon-drive belts (ie, no metal chain) with a NuVinvi three-speed transmission; and two dual-chamber, puncture-resistant inflatable PVC pontoons.
A key feature: twin oscillating propellers that steer the craft and eliminate the need for a rudder. By pedalling, a rider turns the propellers via flexible, rotating drive shafts connected to the drivetrain.
“Rudders create drag and aren’t useful until you want to steer,” Schiller explains. “We wanted to create maximum transfer of human energy into propulsion. Both props turn at the same time, which provides dynamic steering capability. By turning the handlebars, riders can easily make turns in tight spaces. You can turn on a dime and even go in reverse.”
Schiller Bikes founder Judah Schiller. (Schiller Bikes)
To minimise the possibility of propeller damage, the units are mounted on arms that flex, providing some give if a rider should encounter shallower water or a submerged obstacle, Schiller says.
A fit, experienced biker can travel at approximately eight knots, or roughly 9mph, on the X1, but a rider of average conditioning is more likely to see a v-max of five or six knots, Schiller says.
The X1 weighs 50lbs fully assembled, with each pontoon measuring 11ft long when inflated.  Disassembled, the X1 can stow away in a mid-size sedan’s trunk or a closet. Assembly takes about 10 minutes or so, Schiller claims.
At $6,495, the X1 costs as much as a Tour de California-worthy road bike, but Schiller sees a strong market among wealthy fitness enthusiasts, luxury beachfront hotels and adventuresome (and again, wealthy) commuters – from San Francisco to Hong Kong – who might find pedalling across waterways more appealing than being mired in bridge, tunnel or bike-lane gridlock.
Schiller says he’s already booked orders from around the world, including Abu Dhabi, Singapore, Hawaii, New York and the UK. “We’re set up for mass production,” Schiller says. “We created a manufacturing process that allows us to scale vertically and quickly.”
Befitting a northern California entrepreneur, Schiller dreams big. “This is the dawn of a new sport,” he says. “I see a strong comparison to mountain biking. Initially, people laughed and scoffed at the idea. Now mountain bikes are one of the most formidable forces in biking.”
Obstacles to adoption may yet lie ahead for the X1, but one thing is certain: pothole-induced flats won’t be one of them.
The Schiller X1 water bike. (Schiller Bikes)
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .
Advertising Feature

2014 Range Rover Sport HSE keeps its distance from upscale SUVs2014 Range Rover Sport HSE luxury SUV is nice, maybe too nice.
As Land Rover expands its SUV line, Range Rover remains at the top where lux touches abound.
The postwar period of the mid-20th century changed the automotive landscape. Servicemen returning to these shores brought back the Jeep, which soon symbolized the rugged individualism of America’s open spaces. Across the pond in Britain, Land Rover began a more colonial quest over sand, dirt, rock, road and continents.
Just as Jeep’s six current models are partly responsible for Chrysler’s post-bankruptcy comeback, Land Rover has been busy redesigning and expanding its luxury Range Rover SUV line.
The timing is impeccable.    
Caption Best Back to School Cars in 2014 - The Top Ten
Gayle Anderson was live in Irvine to learn about the BEST CARS FOR KIDS! Now that a new school year has started, many students and parents of teens are considering their transportation needs to and from campus and activities. This segment aired on the KTL
Gayle Anderson was live in Irvine to learn about the BEST CARS FOR KIDS! Now that a new school year has started, many students and parents of teens are considering their transportation needs to and from campus and activities. This segment aired on the KTL
Caption Best Back to School Cars in 2014 - The Top Ten
Gayle Anderson was live in Irvine to learn about the BEST CARS FOR KIDS! Now that a new school year has started, many students and parents of teens are considering their transportation needs to and from campus and activities. This segment aired on the KTL
Gayle Anderson was live in Irvine to learn about the BEST CARS FOR KIDS! Now that a new school year has started, many students and parents of teens are considering their transportation needs to and from campus and activities. This segment aired on the KTL
Caption Best Back to School Cars in 2014 - Buying Tips for Students & Parents
Gayle Anderson was live in Irvine to learn about the BEST CARS FOR KIDS! Now that a new school year has started, many students and parents of teens are considering their transportation needs to and from campus and activities. This segment aired on the KTL
Gayle Anderson was live in Irvine to learn about the BEST CARS FOR KIDS! Now that a new school year has started, many students and parents of teens are considering their transportation needs to and from campus and activities. This segment aired on the KTL
Caption Best Back to School Cars for 2014
Gayle Anderson was live in Irvine to learn about the BEST CARS FOR KIDS! Now that a new school year has started, many students and parents of teens are considering their transportation needs to and from campus and activities. This segment aired on the KTL
Gayle Anderson was live in Irvine to learn about the BEST CARS FOR KIDS! Now that a new school year has started, many students and parents of teens are considering their transportation needs to and from campus and activities. This segment aired on the KTL
Caption 2016 Cadillac to Feature Hands-Free Driving
Sept. 8 (Bloomberg) -- GM will introduce a Cadillac model in two years that can travel on the highway without the driver holding the steering wheel or putting a foot on a pedal. Olivia Sterns reports on ¿Money Clip.¿ (Source: Bloomberg)
Sept. 8 (Bloomberg) -- GM will introduce a Cadillac model in two years that can travel on the highway without the driver holding the steering wheel or putting a foot on a pedal. Olivia Sterns reports on ¿Money Clip.¿ (Source: Bloomberg)
Caption 2015 Mercedes-Benz C-Class Video Review
2015 Mercedes-Benz C-Class Video Review
2015 Mercedes-Benz C-Class Video Review
SUVs and crossovers now outsell midsize sedans for the first time in the United States and will continue to devour the segment’s market share of 25 percent.
Introduced in 2006, Land Rover’s Range Rover Sport got a full redesign for 2014 and it occupies a distinctly SUV position while reaching for the more nimble feel of a crossover. Land Rover has always been more refined, as is the English way, than the proletarian Jeep but Range Rover makes no qualms about mobility targeted for the upper class. The 2014 Sport HSE starts at $67,600 (HE is $5,000 less) and the tester topped out over $78,000.

2014 Range Rover Sport gallery2014 Range Rover Sport gallery
Caption 2014 Range Rover Sport HSE
Robert Duffer
Introduced in 2006, Land Rover's Range Rover Sport got a full redesign for 2014 and starts at $67,700. Model pictured is $78,000.
Introduced in 2006, Land Rover's Range Rover Sport got a full redesign for 2014 and starts at $67,700. Model pictured is $78,000. (Robert Duffer)
Caption 2014 Range Rover Sport HSE
Robert Duffer
Introduced in 2006, Land Rover's Range Rover Sport got a full redesign for 2014 and starts at $67,700. Model pictured is $78,000.
Introduced in 2006, Land Rover's Range Rover Sport got a full redesign for 2014 and starts at $67,700. Model pictured is $78,000. (Robert Duffer)
Caption 2014 Range Rover Sport HSE
Robert Duffer
Introduced in 2006, Land Rover's Range Rover Sport got a full redesign for 2014 and starts at $67,700. Model pictured is $78,000.
Introduced in 2006, Land Rover's Range Rover Sport got a full redesign for 2014 and starts at $67,700. Model pictured is $78,000. (Robert Duffer)
Caption 2014 Range Rover Sport HSE
Robert Duffer
Introduced in 2006, Land Rover's Range Rover Sport got a full redesign for 2014 and starts at $67,700. Model pictured is $78,000.
Introduced in 2006, Land Rover's Range Rover Sport got a full redesign for 2014 and starts at $67,700. Model pictured is $78,000. (Robert Duffer)
Caption 2014 Range Rover Sport HSE
Robert Duffer
Introduced in 2006, Land Rover's Range Rover Sport got a full redesign for 2014 and starts at $67,700. Model pictured is $78,000.
Introduced in 2006, Land Rover's Range Rover Sport got a full redesign for 2014 and starts at $67,700. Model pictured is $78,000. (Robert Duffer)

An important milestoneUpdated: September 8, 2014 00:49 IST
An important milestone
nuclear policy
Relations between Australia and India crossed an important milestone with last week’s signing of the Agreement on the Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy. Following the lead of the United States, Australia was one of the countries that strongly opposed the 1998 Pokhran nuclear tests, joining Western nations in imposing sanctions against India. But even after U.S.-India relations underwent a sea change, culminating in the signing of a civilian nuclear deal in 2005, Australian opposition to India’s nuclear programme continued. With 40 per cent of the world’s uranium reserves, Australia is pivotal to India’s nuclear energy road map. It was only in 2011 that then Prime Minister Julia Gillard was able to overturn her Labor party’s long-standing opposition on uranium sales to India, paving the way for the signing of the agreement during Prime Minister Tony Abbott’s visit. With this, the once frosty and later lukewarm relations between the two countries are poised for a transformation. Underlying this change is, of course, India’s economic rise, its emergence as an important market as well as a source of capital, and the Australian realisation that crossing the nuclear hump is key to accessing these. The demand for uranium fell after the Fukushima disaster, and the push for sale to India came in large measure from the Australian mining industry, an important sector of that country’s economy, but one that is well past its glory days. Australia is also looking to expand trade with India. Mr. Abbott, whose delegation included a big group of CEOs, wants to conclude a Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement with New Delhi by 2016.
As well as economic ties, the agreement on selling uranium is certain to improve the strategic relationship. Mr. Abbott has made no secret of his view that India’s partnership is essential to sustaining the U.S-led push to maintain the strategic balance in East Asia vis-à-vis China. Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s recent visit to Japan, and the oblique references by both him and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo¯ Abe to China’s dominance as they pledged support to a “special” global and strategic partnership that would be a force for “peace, stability and prosperity in Asia and the world,” might have reinforced the notion that under the new government New Delhi is more open to playing a role in containing China’s rise. Mr. Modi’s visit to Australia for the G-20 summit and bilateral meetings will be the first by an Indian Prime Minister in 28 years. But as Australia and India prepare to open a new chapter in their bilateral ties, neither can afford to overlook the crucial economic relationship both have with China, and in India’s case, a border dispute that still awaits resolution.

Trying out all optionsUpdated: September 8, 2014 00:48 IST
Trying out all options
election
Delhi needs an elected government soon, either from the present Assembly voted in last year and now in suspended animation, or through a fresh election. Lt. Governor Najeeb Jung, by writing to President Pranab Mukherjee seeking permission to invite the Bharatiya Janata Party to form the government, is essentially trying to end the political stalemate after Arvind Kejriwal resigned as Chief Minister in February 2014. If the BJP and other parties are unable to form a government, then the course is open for the dissolution of the Assembly and a fresh round of election. Of course, the Lt. Governor had gone through the exercise earlier. The BJP was the first party to be invited to form the government, but given its inability to attract new allies, Aam Aadmi Party leader Mr. Kejriwal got the opportunity, and was sworn in with the support of the Congress. After Mr. Kejriwal stepped down within two months, the BJP was unable to get the necessary numbers to form the government, paving the way for the Assembly to be kept in suspended animation. However, given that the Assembly has been in the suspended state for several months now, another attempt would necessarily have to be made to form a government before the Lt. Governor can recommend the dissolution of the Assembly and set the process in motion for an election.
Without winning over members of the AAP, the BJP will not be in a position to stake its claim. Any attempt to enlist the support of MLAs of other parties — who may choose to resign their Assembly membership and contest again — would necessarily attract charges of horse-trading and corruption. The BJP is therefore unlikely to look for short-term gains by trying to piece together a government, and would rather wait for elections to be called. The party performed well in the Lok Sabha election in Delhi, and the AAP took a severe beating. A fresh election, as demanded by the AAP and the Congress, would suit the BJP the most. Mr. Jung seems to be going through the motions of exhausting the possibilities of forming a government from the current Assembly before recommending the dissolution of the House. So long as he does not aid attempts to manufacture a majority in the House artificially, Mr. Jung cannot be faulted for wanting to give the BJP another shot at forming the government. Any move that quickens the process of putting in place an elected government in Delhi is welcome. Whether Mr. Jung is acting under pressure from the BJP-led government at the Centre is an open question. Yet, as long as constitutional procedures are not violated — and they have not been, so far — Mr. Jung is within his powers to explore the chances of forming a government before recommending the dissolution of the House.

Govt will not allow FDI in multi-brand retail: Nirmala SitharamanAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

DGCA directive to airlines for Jammu & Kashmir passengersAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Design-thinking : To fix Infosys  CEO Vishal Sikka to launch survey  gauge  limiting  factorsAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

J&K: Assembly elections may be delayed due to floods  say EC sourcesUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: As floods continue to wreak havoc in Jammu and Kashmir, the polling for the state Assembly elections may be delayed, the Election Commission sources said on Monday. An EC team which was scheduled to visit the state has also deferred its trip.
Sources said polling for state Assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra are likely to be held in one phase. The dates could be announced in a week.
The commission will announce dates for Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand later.
Sources said polling for state Assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra are likely to be held in one phase.
Earlier, speculation was that all four states would have elections together.
The elections in these states are keenly awaited by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) which got a thumping victory in the April-May Lok Sabha elections.
In all four states, the BJP intends to repeat its winning streak and the party's senior leaders have started campaigning in these states.
The legislative assembly of Jammu and Kashmir comprises 87 members. The last assembly elections were held in 2008. Presently, the state is being run by a National Conference-Congress alliance.
The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) is ruling Jharkhand with the Congress. The legislative assembly comprises 81 members. The last assembly election was held in December 2009.
The Haryana assembly comprises 82 members while the Maharashtra assembly has 288 members. Both states are presently ruled by the Congress.

Kashmir’s epic floods link India and Pakistan in disasterSkip Ad
Caption
Armies in both countries scramble to help the victims, while officials warn of more flooding to come.
Sept. 9, 2014  Indian army soldiers build a temporary bridge across the river Tawi, near the existing bridge that was swept away by floodwaters on the outskirts of Jammu. Mukesh Gupta/Reuters
View Photo Gallery —At least 14 people have died in the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir in what authorities say is the worst flooding there in 22 years.
In Indian-administered Kashmir, heavy monsoon rains  led to surging floodwaters and the deaths of at least 175 people. Across the disputed border in Pakistani-administered Kashmir, the floods have claimed more than 60 lives, in addition to 131 in Punjab province. It is the mountainous region's worst flooding in six decades, submerging hundreds of villages and prompting a crisis that has led to a brief thaw in ties between two bickering foes.
"It is a matter of great distress that the retreating monsoon rains have played havoc in many parts of our two countries," Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi said in a letter to his Pakistani counterpart, Nawaz Sharif. "In this hour of need, I offer any assistance that you may need in the relief efforts that will be undertaken by the government of Pakistan. Our resources are at your disposal."
Pakistan's Foreign Ministry responded in kind: "We also feel the pain of the people of Indian Kashmir and are ready to help in whatever way possible to mitigate the suffering of the people affected by the floods."
— Soutik Biswas (@soutik) September 8, 2014
Despite these friendly noises, it's unlikely that either country will do much to collaborate in the relief effort. Since independence and partition in 1947, the two countries have fought repeatedly along the de facto boundary separating Indian- and Pakistani-controlled Kashmir. It is one of the most heavily militarized borders in the world.
In the past month, tensions have spiked after new rounds of border fire and disagreements that led India to pull out of high-level bilateral talks.
Pakistan's former ambassador to the United States offered this sober tweet:
Disasters recognize no boundaries :Monsoon rains kill over 128 in Pakistan,108 in India -Heavy floods have ... http://t.co/6OeOIqx03B ”
— sherryrehman (@sherryrehman) September 7, 2014
Both countries' armies have rushed to rescue those stranded. Although rain slackened over the weekend, thousands of people remain trapped in their homes, and there was initial anger at the lack of warning and government preparedness for the floods, which have become an annual phenomenon. Modi flew to Kashmir on Sunday and promised about $200 million in relief efforts and compensation for the flood victims.
On social media, the hashtag #KashmirFloods trended in both countries. Many issued distress calls on Twitter, either seeking relatives and loved ones who were missing or alerting others to their plight. Netizens even attempted to map those in need of aid in Srinagar, the picturesque capital of Indian Kashmir, whose streets turned into canals over the weekend.
— Mirza Waheed (@MirzaWaheed) September 7, 2014
#KashmirFloods : We have rescued 2500 people since today morning: OP Singh (DG, NDRF) PC pic.twitter.com/iJF9ldtKDC
— CNN-IBN News (@ibnlive) September 8, 2014
RT @paktea : Photo of the Day: Floods Create Havoc in North Pakistan http://t.co/NbnvwI7Bw0 pic.twitter.com/dP5TbiEgWx
— Raza Rumi (@Razarumi) September 8, 2014
J&K floods: Helpline numbers http://t.co/OG4GWlqMgs Do RT. #KashmirFloods pic.twitter.com/eOq4oJrFE5
— Times of India (@timesofindia) September 8, 2014
The Indian army tweeted an image of one of its cantonments near Srinagar, completely inundated. But it hailed its continuing efforts:
The Army Cantt in Badami Bagh is submerged : Yet our commitment to the people of Srinagar continues #ArmyRescue pic.twitter.com/iArqHU0AOa
— ADG PI - INDIAN ARMY (@adgpi) September 8, 2014
Update : 2000 provided with shelter,3500 with food & 3000 with medical aid. 200 Army columns employed #ArmyRescue pic.twitter.com/IZblatiAg8
— ADG PI - INDIAN ARMY (@adgpi) September 7, 2014
Behind the crisis is the larger reality of climate change, writes Indian environmentalist Sunita Narain. Both India and Pakistan are struggling with inadequate infrastructure to deal with such natural disasters. That has been compounded by a monsoon that each year grows more unpredictable and delivers more and more rain. "This makes for a double whammy," Narain writes . "On the one hand, we are mismanaging our water resources, intensifying floods and droughts. On the other hand, climate change is beginning to make the country even more vulnerable, because of the increased frequency of extreme weather events."

With the iPhone launch eminent  should you upgradeBy Hayley Tsukayama September 8 Follow @htsuka
With Apple likely to release at least one new version of its phone on Tuesday , many iPhone users are going to wonder if now is the time to upgrade--or whether they should hold out for something better. And if you have a device that runs on Android or Windows Phone, you might be following the launch, too, to see if a switch is worth it. Either way, here are a couple questions you can already start asking yourself, before Apple unveils all the details.
How old is my phone now and how much longer can I stand it?  If you've had your phone for a couple years and it's a daily, tooth-grindingly annoying source of frustration, then you should definitely buy a new phone. It's an easier choice if your phone is due for an upgrade -- something that normally comes up every two years, unless you've opted for a plan that lets you upgrade your more frequently without penalty.
There were a lot of Apple fans who weren't impressed enough by the iPhone 5s and 5c to upgrade from the 4S, meaning that there are probably a lot of eager potential upgraders out there. And if you're still toting an iPhone 5, 4 or 4S, then you've got a pretty good incentive to upgrade now. Even if rumors of bigger screens don't pan out, there's a pretty good chance, based on Apple's past actions, that the new iPhone will have a next-generation processor in it -- one that will speed up your phone significantly.
If you have an iPhone 5s, it's a harder sell. If the reports about a bigger screen are true and you're suffering with the iPhone's current 4-inch screen, then you could probably justify the upgrade. But unless the small screen just drives you crazy, you should probably wait to see if there are any killer features announced Tuesday that make it worth your while. For 5c owners, the question really is whether you've been happy with Apple's cheaper, lower-tier smartphone to this point. If you've been okay , then you probably have no compelling reason to upgrade right now.
What do I need my phone to do? In a way, the next iPhone will be more about what services it offers--helping you open your garage door, tracking your exercise workouts--rather than the specifics of the hardware itself. Apple's aiming to create a sort of universal remote control for your life, and it's likely to rely on more user data than ever. Apple already has a fingerprint sensor and the M7 motion-sensing chip in the iPhone 5s, which works with fitness and other apps to sense how you move while you're holding your phone. And the company's data hubs HealthKit and HomeKit are designed to let iPhone users organize their fitness data and information from wired home appliances. There  are also reports  that Apple will introduce some form of mobile payment technology on the iPhone that will let users pay for products with just a tap of their phones.
The celebrity photo hacking incident has made many consumers feel wary about handing over data to a cloud. Apple has already said it will offer new options to users to better protect their iCloud accounts. And the company is counting on the idea that people want their phones to make their lives ever more convenient. 
What if I'm debating between an Android, Windows Phone and iOS phone? Apple's focus is to make a powerful phone with a low common denominator of technical knowledge, but there is no one-size-fits all phone out there. If you only use Google services -- or Microsoft services -- and have no interest in using iCloud, Facetime or iTunes, then a lot of the advantages of an Apple phone fade.
Apple's mobile operating system is more closed off than Android's by design -- a design decision that makes it stronger against malware, but less customizable. App developers still normally release iOS apps first. But there are whole genres of apps on the Android Google Play store that are unavailable to iPhone users because Apple's not so keen on letting outside developers monkey around with its software. For example, apps that let you change the dialing keypad on your phone, change the layout of your text messages or let you completely reorganize your home screen just don't fly on the iPhone. If you want to use apps like Aviate or Hello SMS on the iPhone, you're out of luck.
Apple is opening up on some fronts. In June, Apple said that it will let developers release apps to customize the iPhone's keyboard, so users can try different methods of input such as swiping -- just gliding your finger from key-to-key to type instead of the hunting and pecking we all use now. But if you want a lot of control over your phone, or even just the option to uninstall standard apps without having to jailbreak your device, then you may want to stay away from the iPhone.
Will I be able to afford the new phone? There are rumors that Apple will be raising the price on its phone due to its predicted  larger screen and fancy new components . That may raise its price, which is already pretty high at $199 for a subsidized phone with a two-year plan and $649 for an unsubsidized model. New plans from carriers have reduced the cost of frequent upgrades by slashing the fee you used to have to pay to get a new phone before your current contract ran out. But doing so is still not what you'd call a budget-conscious move -- you're still paying the full price of the phone, just in installments.
And for all that is exciting about a shiny new phone, remember that you may not want to pay for a bunch of new features that you won't use. If you're even remotely on a budget, it's worth thinking not only about getting what you pay for--but also about not paying for things you don't want. There's also no shame in upgrading to last year's model when Apple slashes its price, something the company has done every time it's introduced a new phone.
Related:

False advertising on ‘Meet the Press’: People are afraid to say Clinton’s running for presidentBy Erik Wemple September 8 Follow @ErikWemple
Chuck Todd did a good job in his debut yesterday as host of “Meet the Press.” He asked good questions of President Obama in an interview that the show spread out over a few segments; he interviewed three mayors about how they were overcoming Washington’s deep-set gridlock; and he acted like Chuck Todd — humble and smart and reasonable.
None of which stops the Erik Wemple Blog from posing a monster quibble with the program. As part of an effort to freshen up “Meet the Press,” Todd introduced a segment titled “What everyone in Washington knows, but is afraid to say.”
What a great premise! So bold and out-there. Now, what is the thing that people have been so afraid to say of late? According to yesterday’s show, it’s that Hillary Rodham Clinton is running for president. So Todd said it: “Yeah, it’s obvious … that she’s running.”
What courage. Todd is the first person to come out and make such a declaration. Except for:
The Washington Post’s Chris Cillizza, who wrote, “ Let’s be honest: Hillary Clinton is running for president .”
Carl Cannon , who wrote : “Yes, let’s get that out of the way: Hillary Rodham Clinton is not deciding whether to run for president; she’s already running for president.”
The Week, which wrote , “Yes, Hillary Clinton is running for president.”
UCLA political science professor Lynn Vavreck , who wrote in the New York Times that the world is “sure she’s a candidate, and they are treating her like one.”
Miami Herald world affairs columnist Frida Ghitis, who wrote on CNN.com , “Yes, Hillary Clinton is running for president, and she is running away from President Barack Obama’s record on foreign policy.”
A commentator on CNBC, who said that it “appears that she’s running for president.”
“Daily Show” host Jon Stewart, who said in an interview with Clinton, “It sounds to me like, if I may, you’ve declared for president.” A boomlet of Clinton-is-running pieces sprung up after that July program. Here’s one , another and another .
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410196285/1410196285000/1410196285 tracking: {authors=Erik Wemple, blog_name=erik-wemple, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=false-advertising-on-meet-the-press-people-are-afraid-to-say-hillary-clintons-running-for-president, post_id=14261, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 5:11:25 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 5:11:25 PM

Not coming to a store near you: The pumpkin spice condom  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410198266/1410198266000/1410198266 tracking: {authors=Tim Herrera, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=not-coming-to-a-store-near-you-the-pumpkin-spice-condom, post_id=11157, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 5:44:26 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 5:44:26 PM

Ukraine rebels released 1 200 prisoners  says presidentThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

J-K floods: Maha CM announces Rs 10 crore aidThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

2015 Ford Figo Compact sedan/hatch to be more economical on maintenanceThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Paragon plans to set up plant in MaharashtraThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Venus arm in marketing tie-up with MylanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Very heavy rains expected in Gujarat  Maharashtra  Madhya Pradesh  Goa: IMDUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Heavy to very heavy rains are expected in Gujarat, Maharashtra, West Madhya Pradesh and Goa in the next couple of days, the India Meteorological Department on Monday said.
With southwest monsoon remaining vigorous over West Madhya Pradesh and Vidarbha and active over Marathwada and Telangana, it said a few places in these region could experience "extremely" heavy rainfalls on Tuesday and the day after.
Heavy rainfall is also expected over Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Assam and Meghalaya, East Rajasthan, coastal Karnataka, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand during this period.
However, no such warning has been issued for Jammu and Kashmir where rains and floods during the last week claimed 150 lives.
However, no such warning has been issued for Jammu and Kashmir where rains and floods during the last week claimed 150 lives.
The monsoon trough, meanwhile, passes over Barmer, Chittorgarh, centre of well-marked low pressure area over southwest Madhya Pradesh and adjoining north Madhya Maharashtra, Raipur, Paradip and towards east central Bay of Bengal.

VA secretary lays out 90-day plan for fixing troubled agencyBy Emily Wax-Thibodeaux September 8 Follow @emily_wax
Robert McDonald, the new secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs, announced a 90-day plan for fixing the scandal-tainted agency Monday, promising to put former troops at the heart of his strategy.
Invoking Abraham Lincoln’s promise to care for all veterans of American wars, McDonald announced a three-pronged effort called “The Road to Veterans Day” to fix wrongdoing that first came to light this spring. The problems involved falsification of scheduling records to hide treatment delays and retaliation against whistleblowers.
Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald holds up a copy of the “Department of Veterans Affairs Strategic Plan Framework” during his confirmation hearing  in July. (Pete Marovich/Bloomberg)
McDonald, who has been secretary for just over a month, spent his first weeks touring VA medical centers throughout the country — a homeless veterans outpost in Philadelphia and a new Veterans hospital in Las Vegas, among them — and talking with veterans at town hall meetings.
He said one man told him that he received a call for his father to enroll in VA care. The only problem: His father was buried by the VA 20 years ago.
“It’s very simple: What does the vet want?” McDonald said during a news conference at the VA headquarters, where he announced his plans. “We will see everything through the eyes of the veteran, through the lens of veterans. If we have work that doesn’t add value to the veteran, we’ll stop doing it and redeploy those assets to veterans.”
McDonald apologized more than six times for delays in treatment during the one-hour news conference. He also promised to “flatten” the power structure inside the country’s second-largest federal agency, which oversees a range of programs including GI Bill education and home-loan benefits to the largest health-care system in the country.
“Call me Bob, I’m Bob,” the secretary said, drawing a pyramid on the back of a placard that explained his reform plan. He wrote “veterans” at the top and put himself at the bottom. “We want an organization where everyone is called by the first name,” he said.
As proof of his accessibility, McDonald  gave his cellphone number to reporters during the news conference.
The secretary also said the department has proposed disciplinary action against three senior employees at the Phoenix VA clinic where the record-keeping scandal first came to light.
“We are as impatient as you are,” McDonald said in regard to disciplinary actions. “But while investigations are going on, we are not allowed to take definitive action.”
Under a law Obama signed last month, the VA can quickly fire or demote senior executives for wrongdoing and performance problems. The employees have one week to appeal the decisions, and the Merit Systems Protection Board must issue a ruling within three weeks — much faster than its normal processing rate — or else the VA decision stands.
McDonald also said he will hold meetings every other week to ensure that the new reform bill is implemented.
The secretary’s short-term plan for fixing the VA medical network includes hiring more clinicians, building a climate where every employee can “be a whistleblower,” and replacing the VA’s ancient Web sites. He said there are 14 Web sites, for which veterans “need 14 different usernames and passwords” to obtain the services they need.
McDonald also said the VA needs to hire “tens of thousands” of medical professionals and that their pay needs to be on par with private-sector wages for the same work.
Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America said the new secretary is off to a good start.
“This hands-on leadership and strategic plan is exactly what the VA needs after a summer of scandal and broken trust,” said IAVA chief executive and founder Paul Rieckhoff. “But there is still a very, very long road ahead before IAVA members see a real turnaround on the ground in their hometowns. The VA’s trust with veterans has been badly broken.”
Emily Wax-Thibodeaux is a National staff writer who covers veteran's affairs and the culture of government. She's an award-winning former foreign correspondent who covered Africa and India for nearly a decade. She also covered immigration, crime and education for the Metro staff.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410201231/1410201231000/1410201231 tracking: {authors=Emily Wax-Thibodeaux, blog_name=federal-eye, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=va-secretary-lays-out-90-day-plan-for-fixing-troubled-agency, post_id=22764, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 6:33:51 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 6:33:51 PM

Emily Wax-Thibodeaux
New RBI norms on Basel-III a plus for banks  says Moody sThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rains lash parts of north India; high humidity in DelhiAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Circus laughter that makesBrazilianscrySeptember 8, 2014 7:30 pm
Circus laughter that makes Brazilians cry
By Joe Leahy in São Paulo
Electoral hour is the 60 minutes of free television airtime, writes Joseph Leahy
Switching on the television the other night, I was expecting one of the sweeping telenovelas that dominate Brazil ’s primetime airwaves.
Instead I encountered Tiririca , who is running for a second term in Congress in October’s elections .
More
Microcapitalists lurking in our midst
“Are you fed up with politics? Vote for me,” ran one of Tiririca’s nonsensical lines. He made the transition from clown to politician in the 2010 election with a pitch that went something like: “Do you know what they do in Brasília? Neither do I – vote for me and I’ll find out.” He won a record number of votes.
Tiririca tapped into widespread disgust with the political classes that expressed itself most visibly last year when thousands descended on to Brazil’s streets to protest. The demonstrations were ostensibly against the football World Cup but were driven by a deeper, long-running frustration with the poor quality of public services and perceptions of endemic corruption.
Tiririca’s appearance the other night was owing to a Brazilian phenomenon – electoral hour. This is 60 minutes of free television airtime that is divided among politicians according to the weighting of their political parties and coalitions in Congress.
The result is a political circus as everyone from the presidential incumbent, Dilma Rousseff , to the lowliest Congress member competes to get their message across in the time allocated. This ranges from several minutes in the president’s case to seconds for backbenchers.
This is the opposite of “reality TV”. Here truth is the first casualty, replaced by fantasy and fiction. There is minor presidential candidate Levy Fidelix, who with his bushy moustache and bald head looks like an ageing Asterix. Bankers have bankrupted Brazil, he rails. He worries that the country owes R$2,000bn ($892bn). But at less than half of gross domestic product, such a national debt burden would be the envy of many other countries.
There is Pastor Everaldo Pereira, the presidential candidate for Brazil’s growing evangelical community. He assures the gay community he “respects everyone” but in the same breath decrees that “marriage” can only be applied to a union between a “man and a woman”.
Then there is Ms Rousseff, who dominates the show because of her party’s strong showing in Congress. She tells Brazilians there is no “recession” even though the national statistics agency only last month declared the country to be suffering exactly that, a technical recession .
Proof the economy is doing well is the stock market has risen, she says, failing to mention that most analysts believe investors are buying on the hope she will be defeated.
One of her main rivals, Aécio Neves, chips in with a surreal ad that features a health service he claims he built in the state of Minas Gerais when he was governor. The service would be the envy of many millionaires. A poor woman is picked up by a private chauffeur in the interior and taken to a public hospital in the city. This will be duplicated throughout the country he tells an unbelieving Brazil.
Marina Silva , the main upstart in Brazil’s presidential race, also has plenty of airtime, which she uses to claim she will increase healthcare spending from 7 per cent of tax revenue to 10 per cent. This comes as she is also reassuring markets she will control the budget deficit.
Paulo Maluf, a former São Paulo governor and mayor, also makes an appearance. He has been banned from standing for re-election after being convicted for corruption but is still encouraging people to vote for his party. “The only good criminal is a criminal in prison,” he says, without a hint of irony.
But Tiririca is the most brazen. In another skit, he appears alongside a “Brasília”, a Volkswagen sedan that was made in Brazil in the 1970s. “No one knows Brasília better than me,” he says. “With all . . . of the dents, all of the rot, it somehow functions. I want to make it better.”
The sad thing is Brazilians will probably opt for him again to show their discontent with politics. What they may not understand is that Tiririca’s party can use those votes to bring in other candidates. Brazil’s proportional representation system means a vote for a candidate means a vote for the party in that state.
For Brazilians, such paradoxes sustain a political circus many of them despise. In their view, while Brasília fiddles, the country is burning under the problems of poor education, health, public transport and a lack of security. Tiririca may make people laugh but for those who understand the political system, he is just one more a reason to cry.
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

How to lead from withinBoth Putin and ISIS are totally dependent on exploiting high-priced oil or gas to finance their madness.
Written by Thomas L Friedman | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:38 am
Lifting the self-imposed ban on US oil exports would make America stronger and Putin and IS weaker.
I don’t  know what action will be sufficient to roll back both the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, or ISIS, and Russia’s president, Vladimir Putin, but I do know what’s necessary. And it’s not “leading from behind”, which didn’t really work for President Obama in Libya, and it isn’t simply leading a lonely and unpopular charge from in front, which certainly didn’t work for President Bush in Iraq. It’s actually reviving America’s greatest strategy: leading from within.
The most effective leadership abroad starts with respect earned from others seeing us commit to doing great and difficult things at home that summon the energy of the whole country — and not just from our military families. And the necessary impactful thing that America should do at home now is for the president and Congress to lift our self-imposed ban on US oil exports, which would significantly dent the global high price of crude oil. And combine that with long overdue comprehensive tax reform that finally values our environment and security. That would be a carbon tax that is completely offset by lowering personal income, payroll and corporate taxes. Nothing would make us stronger and Putin and ISIS weaker — all at the same time.
How so? First you need to understand how much Putin and ISIS have in common. For starters, they each like to do their dirtiest work wearing a mask, because deep down, somewhere, they know that what they’re doing is shameful. Both are clearly motivated to use force by an intense desire to overcome past humiliations.
For Putin, it is the humiliation over Russian weakness that followed the breakup of the Soviet Union in 1991, which he once described as “the greatest geopolitical catastrophe” of the 20th century, which left millions of Russian speakers outside the Russian state. And for ISIS, it is how modernity has left so many Arab/ Muslim nations behind in the 21st century by all the critical indices of human development. Both are looking for respect in all the wrong places. Both are also intent on rewriting the prevailing rules of the international system, which they see as having been drawn up by America or the West to advantage themselves and disadvantage Arabs or Russians. And, very significantly, they both are totally dependent on exploiting high-priced oil or gas to finance their madness.
The way you defeat such an enemy is by being “crazy like a fox,” says Andy Karsner, the former assistant energy secretary in the last Bush administration and now the CEO of Manifest Energy. “We have one bullet that hits both of them: bring down the price of oil. It’s not like they can continued…

Rape case: Nithyananda undergoes potency testPrint
Written by Harsha Raj Gatty | Bangalore | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:36 am
Self-styled godman Nithyananda on Monday underwent the potency test at a Bangalore hospital in connection with a rape case lodged by his former disciple in 2010.
Last week, the Supreme Court had ordered Nithyananda to take the potency test after it dismissed his appeal against an order of the Karnataka High Court that directed him to undergo medical test to find out whether or not he was capable of having sexual intercourse. The High Court had also directed the investigating agency to collect his blood and voice samples.
The potency test on Nithyananda commenced at 7 am and concluded at 2.30 pm at Victoria Hospital. According to the hospital sources, multi-disciplinary tests such as physical, medical and psychological were conducted on Nithyananda to assess if the 36-year-old was potent to perform a sexual act. While refusing to disclose the test results, hospital sources said the report will be handed over to Karnataka Criminal Investigation Department by Tuesday afternoon. “The patient was cooperative and conscious throughout the session and the test went smoothly,” a senior doctor of the hospital said on the condition of anonymity.
“Based on these assessments, we can only conclude if the patient is potent or not, that’s it. We cannot directly link him to a particular case of sexual crime,” the doctor said.
Nithyananda was later taken to Forensic Science Laboratory, where his voice samples were collected. These samples will be corroborated with the telephonic recording made by Lenin Karuppan, in which the former disciple has alleged that Nithyananda had confessed to his sexual encounters with an actor. The recording went viral on social-networking websites in early March 2010.

Im very much in the saddle: MP GovPrint
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:34 am
Madhya Pradesh Governor Ram Naresh Yadav on Monday rubbished speculation that the central government was planning to replace him, saying, “I’m very much in the saddle. When I leave I will let everyone know”.
Yadav, a former Congress chief minister of UP, completed three years in the Raj Bhavan in Bhopal on Monday. On the occasion, he said the Raj Bhavan and the state government shared good relations as both aimed for the development of the state.
The 86-year-old was speaking at a luncheon hosted by him for the journalists to celebrate his third anniversary as Governor. On the occasion, he released a 40-page booklet titled Hamara Garva, Hamara Rashtriya Dhwaj on the history of the tri-colour. The booklet has been printed by the BJP government.
While praising the media’s role, he also criticised reporters for inaccurate reporting. This comes in the backdrop of speculation that the Centre was set to replace him with BJP leader V K Malhotra.
Yadav said that in his long political innings he had ensured that there was no taint on him. When asked about the alleged involvement of his former officer on special duty in the MPPEB scam and the allegations that he himself had recommended a few names, Yadav said the reports were not true, and claimed that he had instead suggested measures to make the process transparent.
Yadav’s tenure in the BJP-ruled state has been fairly smooth, with most criticism about him coming from the Congress, which has accused him of being too friendly with the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government. When his name was dragged in the MPPEB scam, former leader of opposition Ajay Singh had suggested that Yadav should quit.

2 students injured in clash at SCD Govt CollegeExpress News Service | Ludhiana | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:25 am
Two students were injured in a violent clash at SCD Government College on Monday.
The clash happened when around 12 people on six motorbikes opened attack on two students, Manpreet Singh alias Manni, 32, and Sahil Dutt, 24. They were attacked with sharp-edged weapons and panic gripped the campus after the incident. The victims were rushed to Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) where their condition is stated to be serious. The injured were the students of BA final year at the college.
Sahil suffered head injuries while another person who was the main target suffered injuries on arms and chest. Reportedly, Manpreet’s brother Amandeep Singh recently graduated from the college and had a rivalry with the accused. On Monday, the accused attacked Manpreet and Sahil inside the campus.
The division number 8 police identified three accused as Manu, Bhoomak and Tary. They were booked for assaulting the victims.
Assistant Commissioner of Police (west) Ravinder Pal Singh Sandhu said the three persons were identified after recording statements of the victims. The accused are already facing trial in other criminal cases registered at division number 7 police station.

Ukraine leader visits east  vows not to cede any territory as truce holdsUkrainian President Petro Poroshenko shakes hands with workers during his visit to a steel plant in Mariupol Monday.
New York Times | Moscow | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:25 am
By: DAVID M HERSZENHORN
With a fragile truce barely holding in eastern Ukraine, President Petro O Poroshenko visited the port city of Mariupol on Monday, not far from where Ukrainian forces suffered severe losses in recent days, and declared that his government would never relinquish territory that some separatists claim historically belongs to Russia.
“Just arrived in Mariupol,” Poroshenko declared in a Twitter post. “This is our Ukrainian land. We will never give it up to anyone.”
Poroshenko’s visit came as sporadic violations of the ceasefire were reported in several parts of the region. Although the fighting between pro-Russian separatists and government troops has quieted down substantially since the ceasefire was announced on Friday, it has not stopped. Still, officials on all sides seemed eager to sustain the truce – by force of will if nothing else.
The 12-point agreement reached in Minsk, Belarus, by representatives of the Ukrainian government, the separatists, Russia and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe includes a proposal for increased political autonomy in eastern Ukraine, but a long-term political settlement is expected to be extremely difficult to reach.
In a speech in Mariupol, Poroshenko said the sides were complying with a provision in the truce agreement that calls for the exchange of all captives, Ukrainian and international news agencies reported. He said the separatists had released 1,200 captives to the Ukrainian side so far.
Tensions between Russia and the West over the Ukrainian crisis continued to run high on Monday. The European Union was reported to be close to imposing a new round of economic sanctions intended to penalize Moscow and its allies for their role in the seizure of Crimea and in the rebel uprising in the east.
Prime Minister Dmitri A Medvedev of Russia warned that his government would retaliate against any new sanctions, perhaps by banning Western airlines from flying through Russian airspace, as many do on long-haul flights to Asia.
“If Western carriers have to bypass our airspace, this could drive many struggling airlines into bankruptcy,” Medvedev said in a lengthy interview published on Monday in the Russian newspaper Vedomosti. “This is not the way to go. We just hope our partners realize this at some point.”
In Kiev, a spokesman said the ceasefire was largely holding, even though there were repeated violations scattered across the southeast that he called “provocations”.

For the first time  Muslim countries not cordial to each other have condemned the IS in one voicePrint
Written by Seema Chishti | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:21 am
Akhtar-Ul-Wasey, former director of the Zakir Husain Institute of Islamic Studies, Jamia Millia Islamia and former head, department of Islamic Studies, Jamia Millia Islamia spoke to Seema Chishti and offered answers to questions on developments in West Asia and the response of Indian scholars:
A man from the Islamic State (IS) has declared himself the Caliph in Iraq. How do Islamic scholars in India see this?
Whatever had happened in and around Mosul has nothing to do with Islam. The declaration of Caliphate by the IS has not been approved by any religious scholar of any Islamic sect in India or elsewhere. In fact, after a long time, almost all Muslim countries and societies around the globe have unanimously taken a stand against this move of the IS and their subsequent policy of subjugation and persecution.
The focus is on the violence and killings, and an advancing army putting out videos slaying journalists. This has again turned the spotlight on what Islamic scholars say the IS stands for and what is happening in West Asia. What do you think?
Whatever had been displayed and witnessed is against the very spirit of Islam. Islam stands for peace. It is against mindless violence. According to the Quran: “Whoever killed a human being (an innocent) shall be regarded as having killed all mankind, and that whoever saved a human life shall be regarded as having saved all mankind” (Surah 5:33).
And according to a saying of the Prophet (PBUH), to abuse someone is a sin, while killing is “Kufr”. I, like many others, feel extremely sorry and sad for the slaying of the foreign journalists and several hundred others. Their barbaric acts are totally against the basic tenets of Islam and they are great enemies of Islam and Muslims, as they are creating an atmosphere of hatred through these actions.
West Asia and India, as well as Indian Muslims, have had a connection even before globalisation became a cliché. Politically, the Khilafat Movement in India helped draw a sizeable section of Indian Muslims into the anti-colonial struggle. How do Muslim scholars today react to developments and conflicts in West Asia?
The relations of Indians with West Asia are age-old, and Muslims have a special attraction to the region because their holy places are located there. This has nothing to do with the day-to-day political happenings in one or the other country of the region. One should not forget that Indian Muslims, for historical reasons, are more inclusive, having been part of a multi-religious, multicultural and multilingual social structure for more than 1,000 years.
In a secular and democratic India, they are neither the rulers nor the ruled, but co-rulers. Another thing that should be clear is that this commitment to secular democratic values and a composite culture is not because of any compulsion, but conviction. This is evident from the days of our freedom struggle, when the Ulemas, especially of the Deoband school, came out openly against the two-nation theory and Partition. The support to the Khilafat Movement was not merely continued…

Cattle back at Gurdev Nagar house after HC order  but owner yet to get MC licenceOne needs to procure a licence from MC to keep cows.
Written by Divya Goyal 2 | Ludhiana | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:20 am
The health team of the Ludhiana Municipal Corporation shifted eight cows from a residence in Gurudev Nagar on August 20 after orders from the Punjab and Haryana High Court.
The cows were to be removed from the residence as cattle are not allowed in homes in urban areas and one needs to procure a licence from MC to keep cows.
They were shifted to Govind Gaudham cow shelter on Hambran road and the MC had to face two ferocious dogs left by the owner at the gate to intimidate the team, and loudspeakers were used to get the doors opened.
After the house owner’s brother complained in the High Court about foul smell emitting from home and cow dung and waste blocking the sewage that the HC passed the orders to shift cows.
However, to the MC’s horror, the headache is back after the Punjab and Haryana High Court issued another order on August 28 to return the cattle but only after the owner complied with all formalities related to licensing.
While the MC is yet to issue a licence to the owner, the cattle were back at the residence on September 2. The MC is not sure if the licence will be granted for keeping eight animals as bylaws allow only one cow/buffalo for domestic purpose and the whole procedure for removing cattle may have to be repeated.
The HC order passed by Judge K Kannan reads, “I am of the view that cattle seized on August 20 shall be returned, provided that the owner gives an affidavit to MC commissioner that cattle are not kept for purposes mentioned under section 343 (c) of Punjab MC Act (licensing is necessary under this section if cattle is used for transportation, sale or hire or sale of its produce). He/she shall also affirm that the place is kept clean and the cow dung is removed from the place that is not likely to create danger to life, health or property or create a nuisance, the circumstances that would still allow for a Commissioner to exercise power in terms of Section 343(b) read with Section 344.”
But the court also made it clear that the licence has to be procured as per the Ludhiana Municipal Corporation (Licensing of Dairies) Bylaws passed in 1979. “The counsel for the corporation states that even apart from Section 343, there is a requirement under the bylaws for licence for retaining cattle in any private premises within the corporation area. The party shall set out the legal provisions and, therefore, to insist on compliance with any regulations relating to licence,” said the orders.
While the license is yet to be issued, cattle have been released by MC. A S Sekhon, incharge of MC health wing, said, “Confusion continues as to if we can issue a licence for keeping eight animals in continued…

US Consumer Borrowing Jumps 9.7 Pct in JulyAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Slave Horror: Indiana Duo Accused of Locking Woman in Cage
Mammal Extinctions Seen Through Ancient Egyptian Art
Transit crime drops sharply in the first half of 2014  Metro saysBy Paul Duggan September 8
Crime dropped significantly in the January to June 2014 period. (Robert Thomson/The Washington Post)
Serious crime in the Metro system was down significantly from January through June this year compared with the same six-month period in other years dating to 2010, the transit agency said.
A full report on crime in the subway and bus system in the first half of 2014 will be presented to the agency’s board of directors later this month, Metro spokesman Dan Stessel said. The report will show a drop in overall crime compared with similar periods in the recent past, mainly due to significant declines in robberies, bicycle thefts and snatch-thefts of mobile devices so far this year.
“While I recognize that one crime is one too many, today’s news is an opportunity to thank our officers for their hard work, as well as our customers for their awareness and vigilance,” Metro Police Chief Ronald Pavlik said in a statement.
He also attributed the decrease to data-driven officer deployment tactics, improvements in technology and better intelligence sharing with other law enforcement agencies.
The especially frigid weather early this year also appears to have been a significant contributor to the drop in crime. Besides apparently keeping some crooks in their homes, ice and snow in the mid-winter weeks led to the closings of schools, businesses and governments offices, reducing Metro ridership and lessening opportunities for crime.
In a category known as “Part 1 offenses,” crime in the transit system was down 31.6 percent in the first six months of this year compared with the same period last year, Metro said. The FBI defines Part 1 crimes as homicides, rapes, robberies, aggravated assaults, burglaries, larcenies, arsons and motor vehicle thefts.
Metro said 708 Part 1 crimes were reported in the transit system from January to June this year.
In comparison, for the same six-month period, there were 996 such crimes reported last year, 969 in 2012, 876 in 2011 and 1,105 in 2010. Specifically, Metro said, snatch-thefts of mobile devices dropped 49 percent, bicycle thefts declined 35 percent, and robberies were down 43 percent.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=local, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410202707/1410202707000/1410202707 tracking: {authors=Paul Duggan, blog_name=dr-gridlock, content_category=Local, in_url_headline=transit-crime-dropped-significantly-in-the-first-half-of-2014-metro-says, post_id=29664, section={section=local, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 6:58:27 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 6:58:27 PM

Apple rumored to unveil larger screens  watchApple rumored to unveil new iPhone, Smartwatch
Apple rumored to unveil new iPhone, Smartwatch
In anticipation of the Apple media event today, rumors are flying about new iPhones with larger screens and watches to compete with companies like Samsung.
In anticipation of the Apple media event today, rumors are flying about new iPhones with larger screens and watches to compete with companies like Samsung.

Here s The Steven Sotloff You Haven t Seenreddit
Today, friends and family of Steven Sotloff will gather at a memorial to celebrate the life of the fallen journalist, who was murdered by ISIS militants earlier this week. Thousands are expected to attend the service in southern Florida.
In honor of his life and his commitment to telling stories others wouldn't or couldn't, HuffPost reached out to Sotloff's family and friends to give you a glimpse into happier times, so that we can see him not as a victim of ISIS, but through the eyes of those who loved and admired him.
1st Grade Class of Temple Beth Am, Miami, Fla. Steven Sotloff is seen in the second from right in the second row.
“Steven was a valued contributor to Time and other news organizations, and he gave his life so readers would have access to information from some of the most dangerous places in the world." - Nancy Gibbs , Time Magazine Editor.
Steven (Right) in a family photo from 1987.
Steven (Far Left) with friends and family.
"A million people could have told him what he was doing was foolish, it seemed like it to us [as] outsiders looking in, but to him it was what he loved to do and you weren't going to stop him." Emerson Lotzia Jr., Sotloff's former UCF roomate, told the Central Florida Future.
Steven (Right).
Steven (Right).
“I remember being struck by the quality of his turns of phrase and the structuring of his stories. There were a bunch of people around, some better than others. And Steven was one of the best.” -Tim Coghlan, foreign correspondent for The Times told Business Insider.
Steven (Left).
School Photo from Kimball Union Acaemy
"He was no war junkie. He did not want to be a modern-day Lawrence of Arabia. He merely wanted to give voice to those who had none." - Sotloff Family Spokesperson
More:

Twitter testing "buy" button on tweetsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sharif thanks Modi for help in flood relief effortsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Thousands stranded in J&K floodPress Trust of India |  Srinagar/Jammu Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:30 AM IST
Thousands stranded in J&K flood
Worst flood in six decades claims nearly 200 lives
Thousands of people still remain stranded in the Valley, where massive rescue operations were underway on a war footing on Monday after floods ravaged Jammu and Kashmir. Telecom links with Srinagar snapped adding to the miseries of the affected.
As the death toll in the worst flooding to hit the state in six decades inched towards 200, the Centre has rushed more National Disaster Response Forces (NDRF) teams equipped with boats and other relief equipment. Naval commandos were also deployed for the first time.
The Army, Air Force, NDRF and state agencies have so far rescued about 25,000 people and lodged them in higher places in the Valley.
There was only slight drizzle in Srinagar and other parts of the Valley on Monday in some relief after the state was pounded by rains since last Tuesday, even as the water level in many flood-hit areas slowly began to recede. The water level in Dal Lake in Srinagar is, however, rising.
“The situation in Kashmir Valley still remains critical,” Lieutenant General D S Hooda, General-Officer-Commanding of the Army's Northern Command, told reporters in Udhampur. “In the next 48 hours our focus remains on Srinagar,” he said.
NDRF chief O P Singh said the flood situation in Srinagar and other parts of the Valley was “very acute”.
As dozens of boats were deployed in Srinagar by rescue agencies, desperate residents were huddled on rooftops and upper floors of their houses in several areas hoping to escape the flood waters.
The state government requsitioned for more boats, officials said. IAF choppers and transport aircraft undertook several sorties, as relief work was extended for the first time to South Kashmir.
The IAF deployed 45 aircraft and helicopters into action, a defence spokesman said.
The rescued included 1,400 Army personnel and their families caught in flood waters in its headquarters at Badamibagh cantonment in Srinagar.
The cantonment along with areas of Shivpora and Indranagar in Srinagar were submerged as the water level rose alarmingly due to a breach in the Jhelum river. With thousands of people trapped on second and third floors of houses or on the roof tops in several areas in the Valley, a defence spokesman said the Army plans to continue rescue operations even at night.
“Soldiers won’t return to the barracks until the last man is helped,” Army Chief General Dalbir Suhag said in Delhi.
The heavy floods triggered by torrential rains have snapped Valley's telecommunication links with the rest of the country even as BSNL launched an operation on a war footing with Army and IAF to restore mobile services through satellite network. Internet connectivity was down. Officials said it may take up to 72 hours for telecom links to be restored. The military machinery and government authorities have taken recourse to satellite phones.
 Advertisements

Bear market seems unlikely as anxieties rattle investors2
Geopolitics seemed to be the driving factor for the sudden sell-off that began shortly after noon Tuesday. The Dow began sliding sharply after a report from a Polish official who suggested Russia was building up troops on Ukraine's border to possibly stage an invasion.
But as in last week's scare, it wasn't simply geopolitics alone driving nervousness. It is the recent strong economic data that has investors on edge because they know a stronger economy might cause the Federal Reserve to let interest rates start climbing from zero and sour investors on stocks.
Typically, when rates climb, investors become more cautious about stocks and risky corporate bonds because company profits and the economy can be slowed by more expensive borrowing costs. And in the current environment, investors are particularly on edge because the low-rate environment is so unique. Low rates have helped drive stocks up about 200 percent since early 2009, including 36 percent over the past two years. Even as some analysts have noted that stocks were pricey, and potentially vulnerable to a decline, investors have continued to pour money into stocks because holding cash or Treasury bonds paid so little.
With higher rates in the future, bonds and even cash may attract investors — causing investors to worry about stock market declines.
Most analysts don't think interest rates will begin rising until next summer. But economic data released Tuesday was so strong that it gave credence to the thinking that the Federal Reserve might let interest rates rise more quickly.
The Institute of Supply Management Non-Manufacturing Index, which measures the service sector of the U.S. economy, hit an eight-year high.
"Activity improved in every sector, apart from utilities," said Paul Dales, economist for Capital Economics. "We are encouraged by the widespread strengthening in demand."
Services — which involve everything from construction to education and real estate — make up about two-thirds of the U.S. economy. In addition, another report Tuesday showed factory orders stronger than anticipated.
Investors also have seen strength in second-quarter earnings reports showing that companies seem to be generating profit growth of about 10 percent and revenue growth of almost 5 percent. Analysts have argued that there is no need for a correction in stock prices with profits that strong.
Yet, Gluskin Sheff economist David Rosenberg suggests profit growth may be misleading and that the realization might be behind some of the recent stock market jitters. He notes that JPMorgan research shows 60 percent of Standard & Poor's 500 earnings growth derived from companies buying back their shares. Only 40 percent is because of organic earnings growth, or the type of growth that shows prosperous conditions.
Rosenberg says under those conditions, stocks are actually pricier than they look, or priced at 20 times organic earnings rather than those influenced by removing shares of stock from the market.
"It is this valuation extreme that likely has many equity investors a tad unnerved for the time being," he said in a report to clients. To work out the extremes and bring stock prices down to 16 times organic earnings, he said a market correction could approach 20 percent.
Still, in a note to clients Tuesday, Goldman Sachs strategist David Kostin said he is expecting the Standard & Poor's 500 to gain 8 percent over the next 12 months. He points out that stocks generally perform well in the year before the Federal Reserve starts raising rates, but then they decline.
Even with the Fed raising rates, he expects stocks to perform better than bonds between now and 2018. He anticipates 6 percent annual returns in the stock market over that period and just 1 percent for 10-year Treasury bonds.

Thrifty comes through for rental customerLast we checked in on the case, in late July, Lindsey M. Clark had not received the check.
It arrived Tuesday.
"I just got it in the mail," she said. "They actually followed up!"
Lindsey M. Clark said she also has printed the email from the Thrifty representative absolving her of any outstanding charges.
"It all worked out," she said. "Fingers crossed."
Cancellation issues
The wait continues for Erin Carver, who has been trying since spring to cancel her old health insurance plan, bought through the federal marketplace created by the Affordable Care Act.
The Wheaton resident, featured in the July 27 column, attempted to cancel her plan in May, after getting a new job that provided employer-sponsored health insurance.
Carver said she was told her Obamacare plan would be canceled June 1, but that didn't happen.
A spokeswoman for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services in Chicago told the Problem Solver in late July that her agency was working to get Carver's situation resolved.
As of Wednesday, that apparently hadn't happened.
Carver said the insurance provider, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois, recently sent her a letter reiterating it could not cancel the policy until the marketplace instructs it to.
"I've heard nothing from (the marketplace)," she said. "I think it's pretty crazy. All I want to do is cancel my insurance policy."
The Problem Solver will continue to provide updates as warranted.
facebook.com/chitribproblem

MarksJarvis: What to do if hackers get your data0
If your credit card was involved, your bank will give you a new one if you ask, but setting up automatic payments all over again can be a pain.
Set up your bank account so you receive an alert on your mobile phone for any purchase above a certain amount. Keep in mind that thieves often start charging small amounts — maybe $10 — figuring you will look past them. A list of recent breaches is available at privacyrights.org.
If your information may have been compromised in a breach, the company might offer you a free service that will monitor your accounts for incorrect charges and check your credit report routinely.
On your own, you can watch your accounts daily or get immediate alerts about any charge a person makes on your account.
Contact Equifax credit reporting agency at 800-525-6285800-525-6285 and establish a 90-day fraud alert on your credit file. Equifax will alert the other credit reporting agencies: Innovis, Experian and TransUnion. Each might have different records, so involve all of them.
Request and examine your credit reports from all four agencies. You will get reports free because you established a fraud alert.
Report thefts to the Federal Trade Commission, your local police department, banks, credit unions, utilities and cellphone companies and fill out an identity theft affidavit with the IRS and state tax department.
To go even further after a hacking, you can tell Equifax or another credit bureau you want to put a freeze on your account. This means no one — including yourself — will be able to open a new credit card, get a car loan or mortgage or any other credit while the freeze is on.
This can be aggravating if you forget about the freeze, but you can lift it if you know you will be applying for a loan. In advance, check on any fees.
People with your Social Security number, address and name can do a lot of damage.

L&T expects to bag large power plant contracts this fiscalL&T expects to bag large power plant contracts this fiscal
PTI  Mumbai, September 07, 2014
First Published: 16:28 IST(7/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:33 IST(7/9/2014)
Comments
With 3,000-4,000-mw worth thermal projects expected to be kicked off in various states during the current fiscal, engineering major Larsen & Toubro (L&T) expects to bag at least one-two large projects, a senior company official has said.
"We are very optimistic about the way things have now started to take shape from the government side. We expect 3,000-4,000-mw worth projects to be bid out by various states this year," whole-time director for power, minerals & metals business Shailendra Roy told PTI.
    
He said the company is confident of bagging at least one or two large projects.
    
The company last week bagged a Rs. 5,100-crore EPC order from the Madhya Pradesh state utility to set up a 1,320-mw super critical thermal power plant.
    
"There is a potential of 6,000-8,000 mw worth projects in states like Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, Andhra, Bengal and Bihar among others. Also some projects of the state-run NTPC are likely to come up for bidding. Of these, we believe at least 3,000-4,000 mw projects will come up for bidding this year," he said.
 
The sluggish macroeconomic conditions and delays in clearances has impacted the power sector, he said.
 
"No new projects were bid out due to various policy hurdles. Even the private sector was not willing to invest in the sector. But now the government's situation has improved and the states are taking the initiative and we see some activity from the public sector as well," Roy said.
 
L&T's revenues from the power sector in the first quarter of the current fiscal declined 32 percent to Rs. 980 crore from Rs. 1,447 crore year-ago due to depleting orderbooks in an investment constrained economy.
 
He further said the company will also bid for ultra mega power projects as and when they would come up.
 
The country's largest engineering and construction major is currently executing multiple large EPC, boiler turbine generator and balance of plant power projects in the country as well as some abroad.
 
The company has established joint ventures with Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems of Japan for manufacture of supercritical boilers and turbines at its complex at Hazira in Gujarat.

CIL planning measures to ease fuel supplyCIL planning measures to ease fuel supply
PTI  New Delhi, September 07, 2014
First Published: 12:24 IST(7/9/2014) | Last Updated: 12:28 IST(7/9/2014)
Comments
State-owned Coal India Ltd (CIL) is planning to take steps to clear fuel supply bottlenecks, including augmenting output to 615 MT by FY'17, against the backdrop of the power sector reeling under fuel shortages.
"To ease the coal supply bottlenecks, CIL is planning to initiate and develop infrastructure facilities like speeding up the process of laying railway tracks, especially in those areas where coal reserves can be tapped," the company said in a latest report.
The development of sidings is another thrust area that will help in increasing coal supplies, the 'Maharatna' status firm said, adding that the coal crushing capacity is also being augmented.
"The company also envisages to produce in an optimistic scenario, 615 MTs of coal by terminal year of XII Five Year Plan (2016-17)," it said.
The PSU dispatched 353.83 million tonnes (MT) of coal to the power sector in the FY'14, adding that it could have been higher but for the restrictions of intake of coal by some power stations due to availability of high coal stocks at the plant end.
The stock level at power stations as on March were sufficient for 14 days consumption and stood at an aggregate level of 20.19 MT.
"Our company also met around 86% of supply under FSA (Fuel Supply Agreement) commitments to power utilities, including 99% of committed quantity to NTPC," CIL said.
The company is hopeful that its efforts to ease the bottlenecks, that have impeded the growth in the past, would fructify in the years to come.
"Our new R&R policy has been made more flexible... which would help us in acquiring land expeditiously. This would see more coal projects opening up and help in enhancing the production levels," it said.
The company added that it is planning to increase production in abandoned underground mines with increased mechanisation.
Twenty eight power plants across the country had coal stocks of less than four days as on September 4.

Jet Airways announces two special fares for economy classJet Airways announces two special fares for economy class
PTI  Mumbai, September 07, 2014
First Published: 16:58 IST(7/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:02 IST(7/9/2014)
Comments
Domestic air carrier Jet Airways has announced special five-day fares for all passengers travelling in its economy class on the domestic network, effective Saturday to September 10.
One of the special all inclusive fares starting from Rs. 1,999 is for travel period between October 7, 2014 to January 15, 2015, the airline said in a release.
Another 5-day special fare starting Rs. 600, excluding taxes, is for travel period between January 16, 2015 to July 31, 2015.
The offer is valid for travel only on direct flights on the airline's domestic network.
The sale, which is available on first-come-first-serve basis, will not be applicable on group bookings, the release said.
Jet had last week too rolled out a special discounted ticket starting at Rs. 500 for economy class travel, first for two days and then extended it for one more day, which ended on September 5.
The Mumbai-based airline had lowered its fare following budget carrier Spice Jet announcing Rs. 499 fare for its domestic flights and the move was later copied by other airlines also.

Hinduja gives thumbs-up to 100 days of Modi govtComments
Bullish after the first 100 days in office of the Narendra Modi government, Gopichand P Hinduja, co-chairman of the Hinduja Group of Companies, said on Saturday that he was finding “a change in the implementation” of projects that had been held up in India for a variety of reasons.
 
Hinduja, whose group recently committed to investing 10 billion dollars in investment projects in India, told newspersons on the sidelines of the first Sarat Bose Memorial Lecture at Lincoln’s Inn here that instead of major policy changes, the Modi government needed to focus on speedy clearances and implementation.
 
“My own power project was stuck for the last three and a half years just to get me the right of way to transport coal. The project was lying ready. I should congratulate the Modi government, they sorted it out in the very first 100 days. In the first week of November I am going to commission that project”, Hinduja said, referring to his group’s 1040MW coal-based merchant power plant in Andhra Pradesh.
 
He added: “Things are happening. I am finding a change in implementation. Modi’s team is working hard, but the systems and procedures which are there for the last 60 years, you cannot expect to change overnight. We have to be fair and give him time”.
 
Hinduja has committed 10 billion dollars to implement ‘distress’ projects that are held up as non-performing assets in banks. Such projects had been abandoned for a variety of reasons, and implementing them in the next 2 or 3 years would be one of the quickest ways to galvanise the economy.
 
According to Hinduja, who, alongwith his brother S P Hinduja figures among the richest in Britain, India is the “best destination for investment today”. He said the world was moving to India today, and added that “you don’t have to showcase India”. His group’s main thrust area were infrastructure and education.
 
Hinduja, who attended the Sarat Bose Memorial Lecture delivered by Business secretary Vince Cable, said he told the minister that India needed to be treated “totally differently” from its neighbouring countries.
 
“The United Kingdom has the biggest talent pool of the (Indian) diaspora. Where are they being used”, he asked, and added that he had given some specific ideas to Cable and would shortly meet him and his team to take them further.
 

Good time to buy Apple rival brandsGood time to buy Apple rival brands
N Madhavan , Hindustan Times   September 08, 2014
First Published: 00:13 IST(8/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:50 IST(8/9/2014)
Comments
Did you see the big ad splashes in weekend newspapers advertising a slew of smartphones at attractive prices? If you haven’t guessed why --  as millions of Indians may not – the reason  lies in New York.
Apple is expected to announce the next generation iPhone, as well as its rumoured wearable device iWatch on Tuesday. They are expected to be available for purchase a week or two later. The news is that there are specialist queue companies to whom  would-be buyers pay hundreds or even a coulple of thousand dollars to reserve places in advance ahead of the store launch.
What brands such as Samsung, HTC and Google-owned Moto G were  probably doing at the weekend was what they call ambush marketing. I could see significant value for money for Android phones.
Every Apple launch pushes the marketplace to a new frontier, and stocks of old phones head out of fashion. More important, the Californian leader has shed its famous inward looking behaviour and has started offering stripped down or cheaper versions of its flagship devices for  non-US markets (read: Asia). This would mean Apple may offer older models at lower rates.
Rivals cannot possibly wait for that to happen. And, given that Android phones themselves  have several brands competing (including homegrown Micromax, Karbonn et al that increasingly offer high-end models), it is natural for any brand not to miss an opportunity even as obsolescence bites the old stocks.
What this means for consumers is a great opportunity.  If you are willing to shed that I-hold-the-latest-gizmo-in-my-hands obsession and the imagined or real social status that goes with it, buying a product that has just slipped into the second spot may be a great thing.

What Key Elements Make a Nonprofit Board Greatreddit
According to an old Chinese proverb -- the wise man learns from his own experience -- the wiser man learns from the experience of others. A group of 300 for-profit directors recently took the time to answer questions posed by the RHR International and NYSE Governance Services. Their opinions were subsequently compiled and published in a major study "about the crucial elements in making and maintaining a strong board."  ( http://bit.ly/1qTjPXI )  Following are my best estimations on how these findings can apply to nonprofit boards.
Quality of boardroom dialog and debate:
Achieving this objective in the nonprofit environment can be a challenge.  First, even on boards that meet monthly or quarterly for a couple of hours, directors often don't have enough interactive time to get to know each other.   Second, nonprofit board conflict is usually avoided because it can easily lead to interpersonal problems.  Consequently, the board chair and CEO need to develop a board culture that allows for vigorous dissent as a positive process.    One board chair I encountered faced with this challenge set a goal of trying to imitate more "conflicts" in board discussions.   According to the above study, "The way board members operate together, not who they are, is what differentiates a great board from an average one...."
Ability to ask the tough questions of management:
As volunteers, nonprofit directors often find they must make decisions about issues that are far afield from their career interests, hobbies or their family interests. To effectively relate to management and staff, directors need to take time to better understand the environment in which the nonprofit operates.  However, even without this background, it is possible to raise many fair and rigorous questions, such as the level of due diligence behind a recommendation or the impact of the proposal on coming budgets. A director should be duty-bound to ask these types of questions, even at the risk of embarrassing management and developing board conflict.   In addition boards need to provide "constructive feedback to (individual) board members on the quality of their contributions."   ...
Diversity of thought and experience:
While nonprofit boards select board members on the basis of their experiences, such as marketing, accounting or human relations and demographic divisions, little focus is placed on seeking to develop an inclusive board, with representation from all major stakeholder groups. (Example: Every board should have some people who have strategic perspectives.)  Seeking these traits can only be done by reputation, not by career backgrounds.  Developing such a board, within the confines of maximum board membership, is necessary to achieve diversity of thought. It also will require creative recruiting and ongoing director "maintenance" by the board chair and CEO to be certain that all directors are engaged in meaningful projects.
Summary
Nonprofit boards need to be evaluated on the way they work together with open dialog, debate and, at times, vigorous dissent.  In my opinion, too many directors, because they do not have a financial investment in the nonprofit, vote to go along and/or to avoid conflict.  Rarely do nonprofit directors vote "no" to record a different perspective on a proposal.  Rigorous, but fair, questioning of management must be the norm.  The need for nonprofit board diversity has been well documented for decades.  A new view is evolving calling for nonprofits to develop inclusive boards.   Some boards have moved in this direction, where legal by state law, to have the CEO as an ex-officious member or voting member of the board to represent staff stakeholders.
When extended to nonprofit board practices the RHR-NYSE study results provide some interesting bases for evaluating how nonprofit boards operate.
Follow Eugene Fram on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@eugenefram
More:
Nonprofit Boards Asking Tough Quesions Quality Boardroom Debate Nonprofit Executive Diredctors Nonprofits Nonprofit Governance
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Column: Can poverty ever be abolishedAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Electrolux to Buy GE Appliances in $3.3B DealAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

The economic argument for bringing the Olympics to WashingtonBy Jonathan O'Connell September 8 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
Many economists argue against the pursuit of the Olympics for economic purposes, and they have their reasons .
The costs to build the needed facilities can be prohibitive. Little in the way of jobs or economic activity often remain when
the games depart. The arenas and stadiums built for the games are sometimes left vacant after the crowds, television cameras
and athletes depart.
Into those headwinds stepped Russell Ramsey, chairman of Washington’s exploratory committee seeking the 2024 games last week, as he announced the committee’s logo, board and Web site.
Russell Ramsey, chairman and chief executive of the Washington 2024 committee and the former board chairman of George Washington University, in a 2006 photo. (Katherine Frey/TWP)
Ramsey told a very different story, pointing to the most recent Summer Games, from 2012 in London.
That Olympics, according to a report issued by the British government a year after the Games, had already  produced $15 billion in economic benefits from “Olympic-related activities” — about what it cost to put them on – plus created 31,000 jobs.
The report cites contracting opportunities for British businesses, including information technology, security, energy and
architecture firms, at subsequent Olympic and World Cup events.
Other analysts have raised questions about the report’s conclusions, in part because it was produced for the government.
But Ramsey said there are a number of strategies Washington could try to replicate when it comes to leveraging the huge upfront spending required by Olympic hosts.
“In London they set up a business incubator, they used the contracting and bidding of the games to bring businesses into the city. The additional component to a games that drives employment besides just a village and a stadium, is an international broadcast center…So it’s about having a set of economic initiatives and what we hope is to learn from what’s worked in London,” he said.
An important consideration of the International Olympic Committee in choosing a host city, Ramsey said, would be how well Washington’s plans for the Summer Games could contribute to the region’s existing development pattern, which is moving east toward the Anacostia River, where some of the District’s poorest neighborhoods are located.
“We need to make sure that these Olympic Games are in alignment with where the city is already going,” Ramsey said. “[That's why] we talk about unity and unifying the Anacostia River and the Potomac River and the way they unify the city, and hopefully unify the country and the world.”
Ramsey and Ted Leonsis, vice chairman of the committee and owner of the Washington Wizards and Capitals, have compiled a list of 17 business executives and leaders to serve as their board of directors, none more important for making the case that the games will benefit average citizens and taxpayers than Anthony Williams, the former D.C. mayor.
As mayor, Williams created a detailed plan for invigorating the Anacostia waterfront. The architect of that initiative, former director of planning Andrew Altman, was also a key player in overseeing the 2012 games in London.
Williams is now president of the Federal City Council, a group of powerful business leaders. He is no stranger to the economics of stadiums, having arranged the deal to build Nationals Park, and he said a similar model could work east of Capitol Hill.
He called RFK Stadium “a great site for the Olympics for a lot of reasons.”
“It’s historically a great stadium site and I think there’s a way to do it that complements, and does not conflict with, the people who live in the surrounding neighborhoods and the surrounding communities,” Williams said.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business/capitalbusiness, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410174034/1410174034000/1410174034 tracking: {authors=Jonathan O'Connell, blog_name=digger, content_category=Business/capitalbusiness, in_url_headline=the-economic-argument-for-bringing-the-olympics-to-washington, post_id=1732, section={section=business/capitalbusiness, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 11:00:34 AM close date: Sep 22, 2014 11:00:34 AM

Railway minister s son Karthik Gowda gets advance bail in rape caseGowda’s son gets anticipatory bail in rape case
Sudipto Mondal , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, September 08, 2014
First Published: 18:29 IST(8/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:11 IST(9/9/2014)
Comments
A Bangalore court on Monday granted anticipatory bail to railway minister Sadananda Gowda's son, Karthik Gowda, who has been accused of rape and cheating by a Kannada actress.
The court, however, impounded his passport and restrained him from leaving the city. He has been ordered to cooperate with the investigation and report to the police on the 15th and 30th of every month until the investigation is completed.
The court also warned Karthik against trying to tamper with evidence or threaten the complainant.
Watch: Won't interfere in son's case, insists railway minister
In her August 27 complaint, the actress had accused Karthik of marrying and then deserting her. She filed the complaint on the same day that Karthik got engaged to the daughter of a wealthy, Bangalore-based businessman.
The case played out on live television as she hopped studios and granted interviews where she detailed their alleged relationship to the last intimate detail. She also released audios of her purported phone conversations with Karthik.
The grant of bail comes as a huge relief to Karthik who has been absconding ever since the sensational complaint was filed against him. The days following the complaint have been marked by intense speculation in the media about his whereabouts and his possible arrest.
The police had formed multiple teams to track him down and even managed to secure an arrest warrant from a local court on Friday.
A senior police officer told HT on the condition of anonymity, "We tried our best to nab him and our teams had visited different parts of the country in his pursuit. We are not too disappointed by the bail granted to him. At least now, he will be forced to respond to our summons."
When notices to Karthik went unanswered, the police also emailed a notice to Sadananda Gowda's yahoo account and served hard copies at his residences in Mangalore and Bangalore. Interestingly, the email to Sadananda Gowda, which was sent on September 2, ends with "sorry for the inconvenience".

Men got 56 per cent higher wages than women in rural area in 2011-12: Govt surveyAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Lew: Treasury mulls action to discourage firms from renouncing citizenship to avoid taxesBy Lori Montgomery September 8 Follow @loriamontgomery
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew  (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg)
As Congress returns to Washington for the last time before the Nov. 4 election, Democrats are busily lambasting corporations that renounce their U.S. citizenship and laying the groundwork for new policies to deter firms from moving overseas.
On Monday, Sens. Charles E. Schumer (D-NY) and Richard J. Durbin (D-Ill.) were circulating draft legislation that aims to suck the profits out of cross-border relocation by limiting tax breaks for companies that moved abroad as far back as 1994.
Meanwhile, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said the Obama administration is "completing an evaluation" of whether the Treasury Department can act unilaterally to discourage firms from employing the maneuver, known as "tax inversion." Speaking at the nonpartisan Urban Institute on Monday morning, Lew promised a decision "in the very near future."
But behind the scenes, the likelihood of meaningful action to block inversions appeared to be slowly draining away. Lawmakers are deeply divided over any form of legislation, with many worried that punitive action against inverting companies might serve to encourage full-scale foreign takeovers of U.S. firms. The current work period is scheduled to last just two weeks -- nowhere near enough time to bridge the divide.
As for the Treasury Department, the master of corporate tax avoidance, John Samuels, General Electric's vice president of tax policy and planning, argued Monday that no regulation could effectively keep corporations in the U.S. when every other country in the world -- including such appealing locations as the United Kingdom and Japan -- has adopted a more favorable tax system.
"I don’t think any anti-inversion activity can be effective in a global economy where capital is mobile," said Samuels, who is credited with pushing the tax bill paid by General Electric, the nation's largest corporation, toward zero. Samuels argued instead for Washington to rewrite the corporate tax code to reduce America's highest-in-the-developed-world 35-percent rate and end taxation of profits earned overseas, as most other countries have.
"Why are we trying to raise the bar so it will be harder for companies to leave the United States?" Samuels said. "Why aren’t we trying to do something to make it more attractive for them to stay here?"
Samuels also spoke at the Urban Institute, home to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, a joint project with the Brookings Institution. After Lew's speech, Samuels joined a panel of four tax and policy experts to explore the prospects for action to deter inversions.
So far this year, more than a dozen U.S. companies — including such well-known brands as Medtronic medical devices and Chiquita bananas — have merged with foreign firms and shifted their headquarters offshore to avoid U.S. taxes, analysts say. In the latest deal, Burger King purchased the Canadian doughnut-and-coffee chain, Tim Hortons.
Dozens of additional deals are in the works, according to administration and congressional officials, and could deprive the U.S. Treasury of billions in corporate tax dollars. For that reason alone, Treasury action to block inversions is a "no-brainer," said Stephen Shay, a former Treasury official who now teaches at Harvard Law School.
Shay, who made waves earlier this summer by publishing a paper that urged Lew to act, pronounced himself a "huge skeptic" that the White House and Congress can come together to overhaul the corporate tax code. "I just don't see the consensus," he said. Meanwhile, he said, it's important for Treasury to "stop the bleeding" and prevent companies from permanently reducing U.S. tax collections.
Even Lew acknowledged, however, the limits of his powers.
"Any action we take ... will not be a substitute for meaningful legislation — it can only address part of the economics," Lew said in his speech. "Only a change in the law can shut the door, and only tax reform can solve the problems in our tax code that leads to inversions."
 
 
Lori Montgomery covers U.S. economic policy and the federal budget, focusing on efforts to tame the national debt.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410182187/1410182187000/1410182187 tracking: {authors=Lori Montgomery, blog_name=wonkblog, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=lew-treasury-mulls-action-to-keep-firms-from-renouncing-u-s-citizenship-to-avoid-taxes, post_id=100320, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 1:16:27 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 1:16:27 PM

Electrolux bets on US  buys GE s home applia...Electrolux bets on US, buys General Electric's home appliances
AFP Sep 8, 2014, 09.15PM IST
Tags:
Boerje Ekholm
(Electrolux will also control…)
STOCKHOLM: Swedish household and professional appliances maker Electrolux has agreed to buy white goods activities - washing machines to fridges - from US conglomerate General Electric raising its status as a rival to Whirlpool, it announced on Monday.
The deal, worth $3.3 billion (2.55 billion euros), will pitch Electrolux in head-on competition with Whirlpool in the huge US market.
The agreement covers a wide range of household appliances but puts Electrolux at risk from increasing debts and greater dependence on sales in the United States.
The investment is substantial for Electrolux, which is being watched closely by credit rating agencies.
"This is our largest acquisition ever," Electrolux chief executive Keith McLoughlin said during a conference call.
General Electric (GE) has sought for some time to focus on manufacturing offering increased profit margins in such fields as energy, health care and aeronautics, as well as gradually withdrawing from the financial sector, and has tried to sell its white-goods division since 2008.
"White goods" is a term referring to such big household items such as washing machines, dishwashers and fridges which are traditionally white, but covers many types of electrical equipment for the home and also professional sectors.
It is a sector in which big, long-established brands have suffered from strong competition from emerging markets, notably in asia in the last 20 years.
The US giant will make a capital gain of between $0.05 and $0.07 per share (about $500 to $700 million in total).
"This transaction is consistent with our strategy to be the world's best infrastructure and technology company," GE chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt said in a statement.
"We are creating a new type of industrial company, one with a balanced, competitively positioned portfolio of infrastructure businesses with strong advantages in technology, growth markets, driving customer outcomes and a culture of simplification."
The boards of directors of both companies have approved the transaction. It is now subject to closing conditions and regulatory approvals, and is due to close next year.
When the acquisition becomes effective in 2015, according to both groups' estimates, Electrolux's revenue will jump from $17 billion to $22.5 billion.
The North American market will then become its biggest source of income accounting for 47 per cent, whereas today Europe, Africa and the Middle East lead with 31 per cent of sales.
  Under the deal, GE has a long-term agreement with Electrolux -- number two in household appliances in the US after American manufacturer Whirlpool - to keep using the GE Appliances brand.
Electrolux will also control 48.4 per cent of Mexican white-goods maker Mabe, which is well-known in Latin America, where it also distributes GE products.
The agreement means that the Swedish group ramps up its presence in the home market of its biggest rival, US appliance maker Whirlpool.
Investors welcomed Electrolux's ambitious move, with shares rising by 5.97 per cent in mid-afternoon trading on the Stockholm Stock Exchange, where the main index was up by 0.08 per cent.
Swedish investment firm Investor - owned by Sweden's leading industrial family, the Wallenbergs, and Electrolux's largest shareholder -- also welcomed the news.
"We find the acquisition ... attractive from an industrial point of view and we fully support it," Investor chief executive Boerje Ekholm said in a statement.
"The acquisition will reinforce Electrolux's position in the US market and will permit a continuing investment in innovation and growth."
McLoughlin said: "The strategic fit to me here is quite compelling..." He said: "They have a very capable distribution network, which incorporates about 110 breakpoints, distribution points around the US. They can distribute a product to consumers within 18 hours of an order."
The Swedish group will fund the operation with bank bridging finance which is expected to be "gradually replaced by capital market and bank financing (approximately 75 per cent) and a rights issue (approximately 25 per cent)," the statement said.
The rating agencies' verdict will then be crucial. Electrolux is only slightly above "speculative" grade.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ukraine ceasefire a fragile victory for Puti...endorsements
(Kiev and separatist representatives…)
MOSCOW: The fragile ceasefire between government forces and pro-Moscow rebels that has stemmed the bloodshed in east Ukraine is a victory for Russian President Vladimir Putin but does not guarantee an end to the fighting, analysts said.
Kiev and separatist representatives on Friday inked a twelve-point plan in Minsk mapping out a roadmap to resolving five months of brutal conflict but the truce has already been shaken by sporadic shelling on the ground.
The deal came after Ukraine and the West said the Kremlin sent its troops across the border to lead a counter-offensive, a gambit that turned the tide on months of government advances and forced Kiev to talk to the rebels.
"With serious help from Russia , the 'pro-Russian' forces have achieved military superiority. This military superiority is being transformed into political superiority," said independent Moscow-based political analyst Maria Lipman .
"This was Putin's aim from the beginning: to have leverage to be able to dictate his conditions to Ukraine not only for the situation in the east but overall politically."
Weakened by military losses and the threat of a full-scale conflict with Moscow, Ukraine had to sit down with the leadership of the two rebel regions therefore giving legitimacy to foes Kiev has until now dismissed as "terrorists".
"Putin got what he wanted as (Ukrainian President Petro) Poroshenko had to talk to the Donetsk People's Republic and Lugansk People's Republic and recognise them as negotiating partners," said Stanislav Belkovsky, from the Moscow-based National Strategy Institute .
Beyond setting up the ceasefire as a first step, the deal struck in Minsk contains a number of contentious clauses on the future of the rebel areas that leaves the door open to further conflict.
While it avoids calling for Ukraine to be turned into a federation -- something Moscow has been pushing for -- it offers rebel areas "temporary special status" that would see "local self-government in specific districts".
For some that represents a concession to Kiev, with no explicit mention made of independence for the insurgent regions.
But following the signing, top rebel leader Igor Plotnitsky insisted that the separatist regions were still set on breaking away from the rest of Ukraine.
And the room left for argument could see the conflict frozen into a festering territorial dispute similar to other Russian-backed breakaway areas in ex-Soviet Georgia's Abkhazia and South Ossetia and Moldova's Transdniestr.
For respected Russian daily Vedomosti the vague agreement represented a "masterpiece of diplomacy" that will make it tough to hold either side accountable to long-term commitments.
"It is beneficial to all sides in the conflict as it does not oblige anyone to do anything," the newspaper said in an editorial Monday.
In the short-term the deal calls for the "immediate" exchange of prisoners held by the warring parties and demands the withdrawal of "illegal armed groups, military hardware and all fighters and mercenaries" from Ukraine.
But some analysts believe that the ceasefire will just give the two sides a chance to consolidate there positions ahead of fresh clashes.
"The maximum that we can achieve in the framework of the ceasefire is an prisoner exchange," Volodymyr Gorbach, an analyst with the Institute for Euro-Atlantic Cooperation in Kiev.
"The ceasefire was needed for both side, including Ukraine. We suffered the greater losses and need time to prepare for a new phase in the conflict."
After suffering severe defeats at the hand of Russian military units fighting alongside the rebels, Putin's truce offer was a deal that Kiev simply couldn't refuse, others said.
"The ceasefire is undoubtedly beneficial for Kiev as the alternative to the truce could be full-scale Russian aggression with the risk of the conflict spreading to other regions," said Kiev-based analyst political analyst Volodymyr Fesenko.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Amazon slashes Fire Phone price to $1Amazon slashes Fire Phone price to 99 cents ahead of Apple's new iPhone announcement
By David Goldman   @DavidGoldmanCNN September 8, 2014: 2:14 PM ET
 
Not so hot: Amazon Fire Phone reviewed
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Amazon has cut the price of its Fire Phone smartphone to just 99 cents -- one day before Apple is expected to unveil the iPhone 6 .
Reviews for the Fire Phone have been tepid at best. The phone's poor reception made it difficult to justify Amazon's $200 price.
Though Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ) has not released any sales data, ad network Chitika has found that the Fire Phone accounts for just 0.015% of its network traffic.
Based on Chitika's data and comScore's measurement of the U.S. smartphone market, The Guardian's Charles Arthur surmised that Amazon sold just 35,000 Fire Phones through mid-August (after going on sale in July 25). By contrast, Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) sold 9 million of its iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C smartphones in their first weekend on store shelves.
The Fire Phone features a 3-D display, which uses infrared lights and cameras mounted on the phone's surface to track a user's head movements and render images accordingly. Amazon's smartphone includes unlimited photo storage on the company's Cloud Drive. And the Fire Phone's "Firefly" feature uses the camera to recognize physical objects -- books, video games, food, household products and other items -- and gives you the option to buy all that stuff instantly on Amazon.
Related: Apple's big event -- Here's what to expect
It also includes a free one-year subscription to Amazon's Prime membership, which otherwise costs $99 annually.
Amazon said the 99-cent price is valid only for a limited time -- but it didn't say precisely how long the offer would last. To qualify for the offer, customers must enter into a new two-year contract with AT&T ( T , Tech30 ).
First Published: September 8, 2014: 12:22 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Mine! Mine! Mine! Keeping Your Business Monies Straightreddit
Ever feel like you are part of that scene from a movie where the seagulls are fighting over a crab only it's your money and you are trying to keep a scrap of it? Here are some strategies to help you keep what is yours and ensure what you have collected for others is handled properly.
Don't Do It Yourself - You might think you are saving money, but in the long run taking care of your business taxes yourself often leads to issues. Unless you are a tax professional or accounting expert, it is best to leave the taxes to a professional whose business it is to know what needs to be done in the tax arena. After all, you are an expert in your business area so it is wiser to spend your time making your business successful than trying to figure the ins and outs of taxes. The cost of missing a tax deduction or credit, or even worse, claiming a deduction or credit you don't qualify for, can be high. A tax professional that specializes in small businesses is aware of the available credits and deductions, the annual changes in tax law that affect your business, and when and how to make your estimated payments and other regular tax deposits.
Key recommendation: Let the pros guide you when it isn't your area of expertise, it can easily be one of the best investments in your business.
Pay Employer Taxes As You Go - The US tax system is a prepay system of taxes.  You are required to withhold the employee's share of Social Security and Medicare taxes, as well as any requested income taxes, from their wages each payday. You must deposit the income tax withholding and yours and the employee's share of Social Security taxes at least monthly using the Electronic Federal Tax Payment System (EFTPS). Non-payment or late payment of these employment taxes can result in a penalty of up to 100% of the payment due each reporting period. The penalty is stiff because the deposit is monies that you are keeping in trust for another taxpayer, your employee.
In addition, you -- the business owner -- are required to prepay your taxes through quarterly estimates.  Not making estimated taxes can cost you additional money at filing time when the penalty for not prepaying your taxes is assessed. The underpayment penalty is the applicable federal rate (AFR) for each quarter your taxes were underpaid.
Key recommendation:  The penalties, paperwork, and cost to fix always outweigh any short term benefit of paying and filing late. Remember, the IRS always, and I mean ALWAYS gets their money. Pay the taxes you are responsible for, all of them on time every time, and don't get caught in the trap of filing late and paying the additional penalties and interest that can result if you get behind -- and you will get behind without a professional.
Filing and Pay on Time - You are required to file your taxes on April 15 if you are a small business filing a Schedule C or Form 1065 (Partnership). If you are a corporation (either a subchapter S or a regular C), you must file Form 1120S or Form 1120 by March 15. IRS charges a penalty of 5% per month, up to a maximum of 25%, of the taxes due until you file your tax return. In addition, the IRS charges a 0.5% late payment penalty, up to a maximum penalty of 25%, each month you owe taxes, even when you are paying your taxes.  If you are subject to both penalties in a month, you will be assessed no more than 5% for that month until you reach the maximum 25% for late filing. The total combined penalty is 47.5% (22.5% late payment and 25% late filing) of what you owe.
Key recommendation:  Same as above regarding paying taxes timely, but worth repeating file tax returns on time every time.  Get an extension if you need, but know that tax extensions are ONLY extensions to file the paperwork, NOT to pay the tax.
Keep Records - In addition to keeping receipts for all the items you purchase for your business you must provide additional documentation for many of your deductions.  Additional documentation includes information such as who a gift was purchased for, who joined you for a business meal and what the nature of the business was during the meal, even a daily mileage log that shows where you were going when you traveled and the number of miles for each trip.  In my 30 years of tax preparation, I can safely say, better recording keeping and documentation, regardless of your business size, will create better and more accurate tax deductions, easier tax preparation and more money off the bottom line come tax time.  From mileage and business gifts to non-cash donations of property and hundreds of other deductions - records, i.e., documentation equals tax savings.
Key recommendation:  When you don't have your records you are cheating yourself - either because you miss the deduction or you don't have the support needed to claim the deduction.  Make sure you keep good records including a daily log and receipts.
Employee Classifications - Perhaps one of the biggest mistakes business owners make is classifying their employees as subcontract laborers or contractors. Subcontract laborers are easier and less costly for the business owner to have because there are no employment tax requirements, no federal unemployment tax requirements, and the pay requirements are different for laborers than they are for employers. Since the business didn't pay its portion of the taxes, it costs each employee more money at tax time. That is one of the reasons the IRS has a set of rules and tests that are applied to each business to determine if an individual is truly a subcontractor or an employee. Don't let the ease of underpaying taxes, cloud your business decisions, if you have employees and not laborers the IRS may penalize you 100% of the unpaid employment tax deposits you should have made and your state may also have stiff fines and penalties based on unemployment compensation and worker's compensation insurance requirements.
Key recommendation: Classify your employees correctly and lower risk and save money in the long run by eliminating the potential for stiff penalties and interest. Get professional help if you are uncertain.
Borrowing from the Withholding Account -Using withheld employee payroll taxes to pay for other business expenses can be tempting, but no matter what, never do this.  The penalties are severe at 100% of the amount of money owed plus interest. It is illegal, yet is common and many small business problems occur after starting down this path.
Key recommendation: Do not co-mingle employee withheld taxes with other business monies. Keep them separate and pay what you owe when you owe.
No one can tell you how to run your business or manage your day to day activities because no one knows better than you what your business needs. Be sure you give your tax situation the attention it deserves -- both in time and expertise. The money you save having a professional find more and better tax deductions, avoid penalties and interest from missing or late returns, and keeping employee classifications straight, is money you get to keep. Short cuts on any of those elements rarely lead to long term economic success and more savings and money.
Follow Mark Steber on Twitter: www.twitter.com/marksteber
More:

Tata Jaguar Land Rover launches Jaguar XE in LondonTata Jaguar Land Rover launches Jaguar XE in London
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 10.32PM IST
Tags:
LONDON: Tata Motors owned Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) today announced the official launch of Jaguar XE here.
"The Jaguar XE is a vehicle at the very heart of the UK's manufacturing renaissance. It combines pre-eminent British design with British engineering in a special car for customers around the world," Ralf Speth, JLR CEO, told reporters at a briefing on the new model.
"This premium mid-sized sports sedan is the outstanding realisation of two new factories, 2,300 new jobs and around £2 billion of investment in the UK," he added.
The new compact executive saloon is all set to hit the European market early 2015, with the US later in the year and will eventually be available in India and other emerging markets.
"The XE comes with a very exciting driving experience and is intended for the global market. We hope to deliver in China, India and other emerging after its US launch later next year," Speth said.
The aluminium-intensive mid-size premium sports sedan is the first model developed from JLR's new modular vehicle architecture.
The XE will be the first model to get the high tech "Ingeniu engine" - a family of ultra-low-emission, four-cylinder petrol and diesel engines from the company's Engine Manufacturing Centre.
The company said the facility in Wolverhampton brings JLR engine supply back to its production heartland with a total investment of £500 million and the creation of 1,400 skilled jobs, of which 600 have already been recruited.
This new advanced engine family has been described as highly flexible, scalable and modular and will be used in future Jaguar and Land Rover products.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Expansionist remark not aimed at China  | India wants China to set up manufacturing unitsBeijing
("When PM Modi met Prez…)
NEW DELHI: India today said it has a relationship of "cooperation and competition" with China while making it clear that the recent "expansionist" remark by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Japan did not specifically refer to any country.
Ahead of Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to India, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said India wants China to "understand and appreciate" its "sensitivities" regarding Arunachal Pradesh as New Delhi respects Beijing's position on Tibet and Taiwan.
"We have very good relationship with China. I must articulate that our relationship is that of cooperation and competition. But when Prime Minister Modi met President Xi in Fortaleza, they had very good equation. I think the outcome of this visit will be substantial and solid," said the minister, who was presenting a report card on 100 days in office.
Responding to a question on Modi's "expansionist" remark, Swaraj said, "He never referred to any specific country. It was media's guess. He spoke about 18th century expansionism."
Modi's remarks in Japan of an "expansionist" mindset of some countries riled the Chinese official media which said the Indian leader is more "intimate with Tokyo emotionally".
Referring to a meeting with her Chinese counterpart Wang Yi, who had come here in June, Swaraj said, "When they raised with us the issue of Tibet and Taiwan , we shared their sensitivities. So, we also want that they should understand and appreciate our sensitivities regarding Arunachal."
On criticism that Modi's recent visits to Nepal and Japan have not yielded any concrete results, the minister rejected it saying the loan from Japan was in trillions and not in billions like in past which was a big achievement. She also referred to the Power Trade Agreement with Nepal.
Swaraj noted that Modi was emerging as a popular leader across the world, which was both "eager and enthusiastic" to engage with the government in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How a race for female tech talent might narrow the industry’s gender pay gap( whitehouse.gov )
But as problematic as the picture may look for women programmers, the gap is hardly as wide as it once was. According to Census data research from the Silicon Valley Index — a periodic survey of the Bay Area economy — men in 2010 with graduate or professional degrees made roughly double what their female peers did. In 2012, the Silicon Valley Index found, men were making just 73 percent more than women — still a big disparity, but a markedly smaller one than before. That trend is also reflected nationally ; although the gender pay gap widens as workers grow older, what women make on a weekly basis has risen faster over time compared to men.
The Silicon Valley Index figures aren't broken down by occupation, or by tech versus non-tech. Still, there are other promising signs. Harvard University scholar Claudia Golding recently looked at data showing that compared to other fields, women tech workers are doing relatively well.
(Claudia Goldin, New York Times)
Goldin's research covers tech workers not just in the technology industry per se but in all industries — such as manufacturing, where computer software has become a vital component in aircraft and automobiles. But, she said in an interview, it wouldn't be surprising if Silicon Valley's growing attention to gender diversity results in a bidding war for female workers, driving wages up and narrowing the gap even further.
"If you have enough pressure, then you'll cause this race for the talent that's out there," said Goldin, "or in some cases, certain talent that has been overlooked."
One way this could happen is through stronger recruiting efforts on college campuses. There's already a cottage industry of tech recruiters who parachute in to "do their song and dance" for qualified candidates, as Goldin put it. By reaching out more intensively to women and minorities, companies would widen the talent pipeline for these groups.
"All those companies having published the fact that in the core technical jobs they have an under representation of women," said Ariane Hegewisch, study director at the Washington-based Institute for Women's Policy Research, "it makes a lot of sense that they are now trying to say, 'Let's get more women.'"
All of this paints a surprisingly progressive picture for Silicon Valley, which has been dogged by accusations of sexism and and a male-dominated monoculture. We still have some work to do, as LinkedIn put it . But the relative rarity of women in tech could soon become a point of leverage in demanding equal pay.
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business/technology, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410196715/1410196715000/1410196715 tracking: {authors=Brian Fung, blog_name=the-switch, content_category=Business/technology, in_url_headline=how-a-race-for-female-tech-talent-might-narrow-the-industrys-gender-pay-gap, post_id=31791, section={section=business/technology, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 5:18:35 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 5:18:35 PM

AbbVie sued by FTC for paying to delay generic drugFTC sues AbbVie for allegedly blocking consumer access to generic version of AndroGel
FTC sues AbbVie claiming it blocked consumer access to generic drug alternative
The Federal Trade Commission has filed suit against North Chicago-based AbbVie and a partner, alleging the companies illegally blocked consumer access to generic versions of the testosterone replacement drug AndroGel in order to reap hundreds of millions of dollars in additional profits.
The suit, filed Monday under partial seal in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, alleges that AbbVie and Besins Healthcare Inc. filed baseless patent infringement lawsuits against potential competitors to delay the introduction of lower-priced versions of the male hormone drug AndroGel.
A startup backed by Google, the Silicon Valley powerhouse whose innovations range from its eponymous search engine to self-driving cars, is teaming up with a North Chicago drug company to develop treatments for diseases tied to aging. ( Peter Frost )
While the suits were pending, the complaint alleges, AbbVie entered into a so-called “pay-for-delay” settlement agreement with generic drugmaker Teva Pharmaceuticals to extend its “monopoly profits for the branded version.” Because of the deal, the FTC alleges, AbbVie reaped undue profits amounting to “hundreds of millions of dollars.”
The FTC is seeking  a court judgment that would require AbbVie and Besins to “disgorge their ill-gotten gains” and bar the companies from engaging in similar activities in the future.
8
Under pay-for-delay settlements, manufacturers of branded drugs pay generic challengers to refrain from launching lower-cost copies until an agreed-upon date. Such deals, common in the pharmaceutical industry, have drawn increasing scrutiny since a 2013 U.S. Supreme Court ruling that said the FTC has a right to challenge such deals.
The AbbVie case filed Monday is the first new suit the FTC has brought since the ruling. The FTC commission voted 3-2 to file the complaint, representing the first time where commissioners were not unanimous in bringing suit on a pay-for-delay case.
After the Supreme Court ruling, the FTC is in a “much stronger position to put a stop to these types of arrangements and other anti-competitive conduct that seeks to delay generic entry,” said FTC Chairwoman Edith Ramirez, in a call with reporters. The commission is “continuing to stay active in this area.”
In the case filed Monday, the FTC alleges that Teva filed and subsequently abandoned a countersuit against AbbVie in exchange for the rights to sell an authorized generic version of an unrelated drug, the cholesterol treatment Tricor. The commission alleges the pact was “highly profitable” for Teva, but made no business sense for AbbVie “other than for compensation to delay AndroGel,” said Ramirez.
By filing the patent infringement lawsuits and subsequently entering into the pay-for-delay agreement, AbbVie’s “anticompetitive conduct blocked competition,” the FTC alleges.
Abbott Laboratories, AbbVie’s former parent, also is named as a defendant in the case.
AbbVie spokesman Dirk Van Eeden said the company cannot comment on the lawsuit, but said: “Our patent infringement lawsuits were appropriate and our settlement agreements were lawful, as well as in the best interest of all parties.”
An Abbott spokesman said it passed on AndroGel’s commercial rights in the U.S. “and associated responsibilities” to AbbVie when it spun off the business in early 2013.
Abbott Laboratories bought AndroGel, which logged just more than $1 billion in 2013 sales, and a host of other treatments from Solvay in 2010 for $6.2 billion. The male hormone drug was part of a cache of brand-name drugs that became part of AbbVie when Abbott spun off the $18 billion unit in Jan. 2013.
While Abbott retained the rights to market the drug in overseas markets, AbbVie owns the drug's patents and the rights to market it in the U.S.
Pay-to-delay negotiations over AndroGel were at the center of last year’s Supreme Court suit. The case brought Monday is separate.
In the Supreme Court case, the U.S. Justice Department claimed Solvay cut a deal with generic drugmaker Watson Pharmaceuticals, now Actavis, that allowed Watson to launch a cheaper generic version of AndroGel in 2015, five years before it was due to lose exclusivity on one of its patents. In exchange, Solvay agreed to pay Watson up to $30 million annually, the government said.
Government attorneys alleged the deal violated antitrust laws and kept cheaper generic competition out of the market.
That case has been remanded to a U.S. District Court, where litigation continues, Ramirez said. Another pay-for-delay case involving the drugmaker Cephalon, which is accused of improperly delaying generic versions of its narcolepsy drug, also is pending in district court.

Aditya Birla Chemicals to acquire Jayshree Chemicals s chlor-alkali division for Rs 212 croreAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Google faces EU sanctions deal collapseLast updated: September 8, 2014 8:41 pm
EU rejects Google’s antitrust deal again
By Alex Barker in Brussels and Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4af20576-3757-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sushma does not rule out Modi-Sharif meeting in New YorkIndia-Pakistan
Ms. Swaraj also expressed India’s disappointment in delay of the trial of Mumbai terror attack case in Pakistan
India does not have a closed mind on the question of Prime Minister Narendra Modi meeting his Pakistani counterpart, Nawaz Sharif, on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly in New York later this month, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said here on Monday.
“We do not have a preconceived approach towards it. We shall decide according to how the situation emerges,” Ms. Swaraj said.
The Minister said India’s engagement with China involves cooperation and competition, and expressed confidence that the forthcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jingping would yield “substantial and solid” results.
Presenting the track record of her Ministry at her first press conference, Ms. Swaraj said the National Democratic Alliance government’s diplomacy so far has been “strong, sensitive and proactive.”
She said Mr. Modi’s recent remarks in Japan about the dangers of “expansionism” did not refer to China.
The Minister, however, added that India wanted China to “understand and appreciate” its “sensitivities” regarding Arunachal Pradesh as New Delhi respected Beijing’s position on Tibet.
Ms. Swaraj blamed Pakistan for the recent collapse of bilateral engagements with it as it insisted on talking to Kashmiri separatists, but added that talks between the two countries could be revived.

How a fan cheer became a part of a Nationals Park wall (Woo!)By Dan Steinberg September 8 Follow @dcsportsbog
(Courtesy the Nationals)
A few years ago, a Nats season ticket holder named Wayne Cimons started a cheer in section 313, located behind home plate, just underneath the Nationals Park press box. After the home team scored, Wayne would stand and announce how many runs had crossed the plate; “N-A-T-S Nats Nats Nats!” his fellow fans would then cheer, repeating the mantra twice for two runs, thrice for three runs, and so on.
Now, this isn’t exactly a novel cheer. There’s the “J-E-T-S Jets Jets Jets!” thing. There’s the “C-A-P-S Caps Caps Caps!” thing. You could probably do the same cheer for any four-letter team, if you wanted.
In any case, some fans in section 313 jumped on-board immediately. Others, like Kim Sheridan, were hesitant.
“I really didn’t care for it to begin with,” she told me this week. “But I kind of realized I could either be miserable and not like it, or I could have fun.”
And so Sheridan opted for fun. She adopted the cheer, but with a merry twist: she started shouting “Woo!” after the final “Nats!” cheer. Why Woo?
“Because “Woo!” makes everything fun,” she explained. “Try it in life. Just start saying “Woo!” some more. I’ll bet you’ll be a happier person.”
Couldn’t hurt. Anyhow, both the ‘Nats Nats Nats!” and the “Woo!” picked up steam. The cheers spread beyond 313 to the rest of the 300 sections behind the plate. People in the 400 levels started looking down near Wayne and his pals to await their cue. The chant can be heard from the press box and on the television broadcast; Sheridan’s neighbors — who have season tickets but now live in Nairobi — excitedly text when they hear the chant on the radio broadcast.
These fans, I should point out, are pretty hardcore about the team. Many keep score by hand. Many attend nearly every home game. Sheridan herself has been to 81 and 78 home games the past two years; her attendance this year was diminished only by foot surgery. Heck, she moved from Del Ray to Southeast D.C. partly so she could live within walking distance of the park.
Anyhow, about that foot surgery. Sheridan’s birthday was Aug. 15, and she was determined to attend the game. She was sitting in her regular seats, but she eventually got so uncomfortable that she suggested moving to some unoccupied nearby handicapped seats. Her regular usher wasn’t quite sure if that was allowed, but it just so happened that Valerie Camillo — the team’s chief revenue and marketing officer — was wandering through section 313 at the time. She checked to make sure that the seats weren’t claimed, and told the usher to let Sheridan move seats.
As all this was going on, the Nats scored. The fans cheered. Section 313 did the “Nats-Nats-Nats” bit. The usher, as usual, joined in. Sheridan and others, as usual, added the “Woo!” coda. They all started talking about the cheer. And finally Sheridan mentioned how a friend of hers who owns a sign shop had joked about surreptitiously painting the cheer on a nearby wall.
“Ooooh,” Camillo said. “I kind of like that.”
“So the next day I saw Mark Lerner,” Camillo said, picking up the story. “He’s very into the aesthetics of the park, and we consult him if we change anything. He’s mentioned before that he likes the chant. So I said ‘Hey, what do you think about putting up a sign for them?’ and he loved the idea. Within 24 hours, he had the facilities people working on it.”
And by the time Sheridan and her friends came back to the park for this homestand — which began last Friday — section 313 had a new addition, seen here: the entire chant, painted in white on a blue background.
 
(Courtesy the Nationals)
Before it went up, Camillo had e-mailed Sheridan, asking how you spell ‘Woo!’ After first going with the standard ‘W-o-o’ spelling, Sheridan later followed up, saying that upon reflection she thought maybe the ‘Woo’ was not actually an official part of the cheer, and was merely an exclamatory after-note that did not need to be spelled out.
Lerner, though, “was adamant that the ‘Woo’ was going up,” Camillo said with a laugh. “He loves the ‘Woo,’ so the ‘Woo’ is there. And we looked at images with and without it; it looks better with the ‘Woo.’ It balances it.”
[Note: This is all for fun. Please do not leave a comment about how the team needs to spend more time worrying about its closer and/or postseason pricing, and less time worrying about 'Woo' stuff. If you find this entire topic not fun, there is surely an article about the Redskins special teams problems that might be more your speed.]
Now, there was actually at least one person in section 313 who worried that this newest addition to the park was placing too much formality on what had always been a grassroots cheer, something that emanated from the fans themselves and not the scoreboard or the PA announcer. But both Sheridan and Camillo said that what makes the cheer great is the fans — their devotion and their creativity — so it’ll all work out in the end.
“It’s authentic, it’s something fans do on their own, and if other people find it enjoyable and start doing it, great,” Camillo said. “We just want to be responsive to our fans. Our fans have such a vested interest in the team, and when you meet fans like that, you just want to give something back, a part of the park they can feel is partly their own. A lot of people in that section are very connected to that cheer, and it was just something we wanted to do.”
“Last year it was really pretty popular, but this year it’s kind of taken on a life of its own,” Sheridan added. “Organic is kind of an overused word, but it just started with the fans, and that’s kind of a neat thing. Washington really has baseball fans. The team has caught on….We just want it to be a cheer, an old-fashioned baseball stadium cheer.”
Dan Steinberg writes about all things DC sports at the DC Sports Bog.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=sports, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410198992/1410198992000/1410198992 tracking: {authors=Dan Steinberg, blog_name=dc-sports-bog, content_category=Sports, in_url_headline=how-a-fan-cheer-became-a-part-of-a-nationals-park-wall-woo, post_id=44952, section={section=sports, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 5:56:32 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 5:56:32 PM

Cooking dinner: Worthwhile burdenBy Diana Reese September 8 Follow @dianareese
Bigstock
When the Stage Manager introduces Mrs. Gibbs and Mrs. Webb in Act 2 of Thornton Wilder’s iconic play, “Our Town,” he says, “I don’t have to point out to the women in my audience that those ladies…cooked three meals a day — one of ‘em for 20 years, the other one for 40 — and never a summer vacation.”
Or a nervous breakdown, either, he adds, so I guess all that home cooking was not a burden for them. But modern moms, especially those who work outside of the home, see it differently, according to sociologists Sarah Bowen, Sinikka Elliott and Joslyn Brenton at North Carolina State University. They argue that preparing dinner (or supper or whatever you call the evening meal) may not be worth it, after interviewing 150 mothers across economic lines and spending 250 hours observing a dozen families in-depth.
“The emphasis on home cooking ignores the time pressures, financial constraints, and feeding challenges that shape the family meal,” the three wrote in “Contexts,” a publication of the American Sociological Association. “Yet this is the widely promoted standard to which all mothers are held….Intentionally or not, it places the burden of a healthy home-cooked meal on women.”
I have mixed feelings on this one, and yes, I cook nearly every evening.
My first reaction — and one shared by several friends: Why would anyone be surprised that this is a burden? Of course cooking a meal every single evening can become an onerous chore at times, especially for working moms. I’m lucky (I think) to work at home.
The mom who walks in the door from work at 6? She’s tired and hungry. So are her kids. “I remember as a working mom dragging my kids to Arby’s after picking them up from day-care and kindergarten because I was just too tired to cook when my husband was out of town,” Anne Krueger, a writer and editor in Atlanta, told me.
“I’d let them watch ‘The Simpsons’ in Arby’s and pray that nobody I knew would see me because I was the editor-in-chief of ‘Parenting’ magazine and should have been ‘doing better.’ Which is ridiculous, because we’re all doing the best we can.”
I used to write on health, including nutritional issues, and I did the same thing — except substitute McDonald’s or Wendy’s for Arby’s on Wednesday nights when my husband was taking a class and didn’t eat dinner at home.
But there’s guilt when I don’t play Betty Crocker. I grew up eating home-cooked dinners with all of us gathered around the kitchen table. My mom still makes wonderful meals.
Of course, meal prep doesn’t have to be mom’s job.
Dean Treese, a truck driver based in Vincennes, Ind. and a high school classmate of mine, took over the cooking duties when his kids were growing up because his wife wasn’t interested. “I’d spend the whole day away playing soldier (active duty Army) and then come home to the good part of life — cooking supper for the kids,” he told me.
“They’d sit at the table getting homework done, and we’d talking about the day, about the sports schedules, about the neighbors, about Abba and TLC, while I cooked. We’d sit down together at the table and eat together. We’d watch a couple of stupid shows on TV, straighten up the house together, and get ready to do it all over again the next day.”
He did the menu planning, the grocery shopping and the dishes. “It wasn’t always ‘easy.’ Not always ‘fun.’ But always the best part of my day and never a burden.”
I like his attitude.
He makes the rest of look awfully whiny, though. So why are we complaining?
It’s not the cooking as much as it is the planning that makes me dread the 5 o’clock hour (sorry Jimmy Buffett). When I’m organized enough to make these decisions the night before, or in the morning, and take advantage of the two Crock Pots I own, I feel better about dinner.
The other issue for many of us: Picky eaters. “We rarely observed a meal in which at least one family member didn’t complain about the food they were served,” Bowen and her co-authors wrote.
Those picky eaters aren’t limited to kids, by the way. Husbands can have palates just as difficult to please. Mine dislikes many vegetables and avoids carbs like potatoes and rice. My daughter’s gluten-intolerant but loves vegetables (as do I) and dislikes meat. My teenage son is a carnivore. He hates vegetables and combinations of foods (goodbye casseroles and stews).
For those who will comment, “When I was a kid, I ate what my parents put in front of me or I went hungry and that’s how I raised my children.” Well, I haven’t wanted to turn mealtimes into battlegrounds. And who can afford to waste food?
My kids, and my husband, all know how to cook. (Kudos to Boy Scouts for requiring the cooking merit badge for Eagle Scouts. Maybe Common Core should include home economics?) If they don’t like what I fix, they’re capable of finding something else to eat. But I want to cook meals that all of will enjoy. I want our dinnertime to be pleasant for everyone.
“When the joy goes out of eating, nutrition suffers,” writes Ellyn Satter , a registered dietitian, family therapist and expert on feeding children.
Eating dinner together just seems like an inherent part of a healthy family — healthy both physically and emotionally. Research backs this up. Kids who eat dinner with their families at least five times a week do better in school. They have higher self-esteem. They’re less likely to smoke, drink or abuse drugs. They’re less likely to be overweight or to suffer from eating disorders. They may even be able to handle the effects of cyber-bullying better, according a study published Sept. 1 in JAMA Pediatrics.
To help families with dinner is the Family Dinner Project, a grassroots movement out of Cambridge, Mass., which offers ideas from conversation starters with teenagers to recipes on its Web site.
But the problems aren’t so easy to solve for low-income families, Bowen and her associates found. Some live in hotels or apartments without adequate cooking facilities. Some battle pests like ants, mice and rats. And some have transportation issues that make shopping a hassle. Not to mention the cost of groceries these days, especially fresh produce and meat.
Bowen and her fellow researchers offer a radical suggestion: Take home-cooking out of the home.
“How about a revival of monthly town suppers, or healthy food trucks?” they write. “Or perhaps we should rethink how we do meals in schools and workplaces, making lunch an opportunity for savoring and sharing food. Could schools offer to-go meals that families could easily heat up on busy weeknights? Without creative solutions like these, suggesting that we return to the kitchen en masse will do little more than increase the burden so many women already bear.”
Maybe the issue of dinner doesn’t seem like an earth-shaking issue, but what we eat affects our health and that, in turn, has an impact on medical costs, a burden —  like it or not —  we all share.
Diana Reese is a journalist in Overland Park, Kan. Follow her on Twitter at @dianareese .
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410199938/1410199938000/1410199938 tracking: {authors=Diana Reese, blog_name=she-the-people, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=the-home-cooked-family-dinner-yes-its-a-burden-for-moms-but-is-it-worthwhile, post_id=25908, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 6:12:18 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 6:12:18 PM

Japan GDP shrinks 7.1%  fastest in over 5 yearsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Easing of FDI norms in construction sector underway: Nirmala SitharamanAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Bad campaign is not the real unionist problemSeptember 8, 2014 3:42 pm
A bad campaign is not the real unionist problem for Scotland
By Janan Ganesh
The adhesives of empire, existential threats, Protestantism, armed forces have gone or are fading
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/df8e3328-34df-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GOP senators call for U.S. Special Forces in Iraq and SyriaBy Robert Costa and Ed O'Keefe September 8 Follow @costareports Follow @edatpost
This post has been updated.
Two Republican senators said Monday that U.S. Special Operations forces should be part of an air-and-ground campaign against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, as the Obama administration made plans to brief all members of Congress this week on the security situation in those nations.
“Air power alone won’t be enough,” Sen. Johnny Isakson (R-Ga.) said in an interview with The Washington Post. “We need to put together a wide-ranging coalition and have our Special Forces support it.
“Special Forces are how we took out Osama bin Laden,” he added. “I would not be reluctant to use them.”
Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), in a separate interview, agreed.
“It’s not possible to be successful on the ground without strong American hand-holding,” Graham said. “What you’d want to do is interject Special Forces into kill-the-leader-type operations.”
Graham and Isakson have long been two of the Senate GOP’s leading hawks on foreign policy. Their call for an expanded U.S. military presence comes before President Obama addresses the nation Wednesday to discuss his plans for an offensive in the region and Congress returns after a lengthy recess to debate a path forward. Administration officials plan to offer briefings to all members of Congress.
National security officials are expected to brief U.S. senators on Wednesday, with a similar session for members of the House scheduled for Thursday, according to senior congressional aides familiar with the plans. It was not immediately clear which administration officials would be providing the briefings to Congress.
The Senate Armed Services Committee is scheduled to hear from Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff next Tuesday.
Closed-door briefings for lawmakers are typical and have occurred several times in recent years to review various global threats. Usually mid-level military, intelligence and national security officials are dispatched to share information, including videos and documents, when necessary. While all lawmakers are invited to attend, 100 percent attendance is rare.
In addition to the closed-door briefings, the House Homeland Security and Foreign Affairs committees have scheduled hearings for next week to review the threat from the Islamic State. Similar Senate hearings are expected to be scheduled.
In an interview with NBC’s “Meet the Press” on Sunday , Obama said his remarks Wednesday would not include any announcement of a strategy that includes the addition of U.S. ground troops.
“The notion that the United States should be putting boots on the ground, I think would be a profound mistake. And I want to be very clear and very explicit about that,” Obama said.
There is growing support on Capitol Hill in both parties for further military action against the Islamic fundamentalist group, especially among Republicans. Some conservatives have said the GOP is becoming more supportive of a muscular foreign policy as ISIS has become a central issue. William Kristol, editor of the Weekly Standard and a leading pro-interventionist voice on the right, said last week that Republicans are moving back to their “inner hawkishness.”
Last week in an op-ed for TIME , Rep. Mike Rogers (R-Mich.), chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, said, “We must not let the standard trope that there be no ‘boots on the ground’ become a mantra of self-defeat or a definition of intelligence operations and special capabilities.”
Isakson and Graham both said Monday that U.S. personnel may need to play an integral role on the ground, perhaps leading specialized combat missions and guiding coalition airstrikes.
“We need to find as many partners as possible,” Isakson said. “But there is no question in my mind that the ISIS threat is very real and the longer they are left to build, the worse it’ll be. We should go after the cells and the leadership — not with an invasion, but with surgical strikes that take them out.”
Graham said a “heavy maneuver element” was likely unnecessary but that U.S. Special Forces are almost certain to needed due to the “lack of a military capacity” of other countries.
“That’s how you cut off the head of the snake,” Graham said.
They also said that Obama should move fast, and that it is unnecessary for him to seek congressional authorization for military action. But they urged him to do so in order to build bipartisan consensus.
“It would be helpful, but he doesn’t have to,” Isakson said. “He has already written Congress a letter about his war powers. I think it would better for him to act quickly once a plan is developed.”
“He’s got a competency and trust deficit,” Graham said. “I’m a big executive authority guy but it’d be good for him to get buy-in from Congress and start to engage people and bring people to the White House.”
Sen. Angus King (I-Maine), who caucuses with Democrats, agreed, saying that Congress should quickly debate whatever Obama requests and then hold a vote despite any political concerns with elections fast approaching.
“The one thing that Congress is good at is second-guessing and criticism,” he said in an interview over the weekend. “And I think it’s too easy for us to say, oh, we’ll take this up next year in the meantime we’re going to say that the president is doing too much or too little. I think we have a responsibility to stand up and work with the administration in terms of what authority is necessary.”
But the shape of a congressional debate on military action could be nuanced and complex, based on the comments of several senators Monday.
Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), who also caucuses with Democrats, said that Obama "has the right" to continue using airstrikes to attack Islamic State targets in Iraq and Syria without congressional approval. "But I am very strongly opposed to the use of ground troops and before ground troops were used, there most certainly has to be a vote," he said.
In a Senate floor speech Monday afternoon, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) called for an aggressive military response to the growing threat of the fundamentalist group, but made no mention of using ground troops.
“I don’t believe the American people are one bit reluctant to defend our national security, to defend the lives of fellow Americans,” Cruz said, adding later: “We should concentrate on a coordinated and overwhelming air campaign that has the clear military objective of destroying the capability of ISIS to carry out terror attacks on the United States.”
Cruz said he also would be introducing legislation that would strip U.S. citizenship from any American who is “fighting for a hostile foreign government or foreign terrorist organization.” And he said that Congress should immediately bolster security along the U.S.-Mexico border amid the “rumored” intent of ISIS personnel to enter the U.S. illegally through the southern border to commit acts of terrorism.
Sen. Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) described the Islamic State as "pure evil" but she -- like many lawmakers -- said that Obama would need to use his speech on Wednesday to clearly dictate a strategy and address the nation's war-weariness. The threat of Islamic fundamentalism is an especially urgent subject Minnesota, she said, noting that at least a few residents are known to have traveled to the Middle East to join up with the Islamic State.
"It's a big deal in our state and what it allows me to see is that it's not just about a faraway place, it's affecting us here at home. So I think that there's a clear national security case to be made, he needs to make it."
Ed O’Keefe is a congressional reporter with The Washington Post and covered the 2008 and 2012 presidential and congressional elections.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410203844/1410203844000/1410203844 tracking: {authors=Robert Costa; Ed O'Keefe, blog_name=post-politics, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=gop-senators-call-for-u-s-special-forces-in-iraq-and-syria, post_id=96924, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 7:17:24 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 7:17:24 PM

Pat Roberts needs to stop talking about where he lives. Like  now.By Chris Cillizza September 8 Follow @thefix
U.S. Sen. Pat Roberts makes his victory speech at a Johnson County Republican's election watch party Tuesday, Aug. 5, 2014, in Overland Park, Kan. Roberts defeated tea party-backed challenger Milton Wolf. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)
Kansas Sen. Pat Roberts is a Republican in one of the most Republican states in the country. ( The last time a Democrat held a Senate seat in Kansas was when Herbert Hoover was president. ) And yet, Roberts is in electoral jeopardy -- how serious remains to be seen -- for one basic reason: He just keeps talking.
It's been clear for months now -- since the New York Times' Jonathan Martin first reported it back in February -- that Roberts no longer really lives in the state that he represents in the Senate.  That's not great -- it allows the ever-fruitful "he's gone Washington" attack to blossom -- but absolutely can be overcome.  That's especially true if, like Roberts, you beat back a semi-serious primary challenge in August and are the unquestioned Republican nominee in -- let me reiterate -- one of the most Republican states in the country. (Roberts' path to victory over radiologist Milton Wolf was heavily dependent on the leaking of information regarding the challenger's penchant for offering off-color online commentary about gunshot victims. Yes, really .)
And yet, here we are -- with public and private polling data suggesting that independent Greg Orman does have a chance against Roberts. (Whether that holds following Democratic nominee Chad Taylor's decision to leave the race and the subsequent ruling that keeps him on the ballot remains to be seen.) And Roberts really only has himself to blame.
The latest incident -- flagged by BuzzFeed's Andrew Kaczynski  -- came in a debate between Roberts and Orman over the weekend at the Kansas State Fair. (Debates at state fairs = awesome.) "My home is Dodge City and I'm damn proud of it," Roberts says to applause from the crowd. When challenged by Orman as to how many times he has been home this year,  Roberts confidently replies "about seven".
Ok. So let's do some basic math. Saturday Sept. 6 -- the day of the debate -- was the 249th day of the year.  So, that means that Roberts has been home, roughly, every 35 days this year since the start of the year. In a year in which he faced a serious primary fight.  And where Congress had a month-long August recess. (If you want a contrast to the Roberts' approach, take a look at Mitch McConnell, who, despite being the Republican Senate leader, has spent virtually every waking moment in Kentucky this year.)
In truth, the debate over how much is enough when it comes to going home -- or what you call home -- is one that Roberts should know well enough by this point to stay away from. When attacked on residency, he should have long ago settled on a response like this: "I call Kansas home. But what really matters to me is that I am fighting every day back in Washington for the people of Kansas."  Short and sweet. If pressed on it, just keep saying:"What really matters to me is that I am fighting every day back in Washington for the people of Kansas."
And yet, Roberts doesn't do that.  Why get into a back and forth over how often you spend time in your "home"? For the same (bad) reason that you get caught saying: " Every time I get an opponent -- I mean, every time I get a chance, I'm home ." Or your now-deposed campaign manager talks about "home" as northern Virginia .
National Republicans, realizing that Roberts was in trouble, replaced his campaign manager and sent veteran GOP operative Chris LaCivita to the state to try to fix what's broken.  Roberts' strategy should be a simple one: Stop talking -- especially about where you lay your head at night.  If this weekend is any guide, however, that message hasn't gotten through to the senator just yet.
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix,” a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410204139/1410204139000/1410204139 tracking: {authors=Chris Cillizza, blog_name=the-fix, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=pat-roberts-needs-to-stop-talking-about-where-he-lives-like-now, post_id=110095, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 7:22:19 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 7:22:19 PM

Video: Papua New Guinea volcano explodes in sonic boom eruptionVideo: Papua New Guinea volcano explodes in sonic boom eruption
By Angela Fritz
 
It’s not often we get to witness a volcanic eruption with this much power.
On August 29, the Tavurvur volcano in Papua New Guinea erupted with fanfare .  The images and video that were taken during this eruption were incredible, but nearly as amazing as this video that shows Tavurvur exploding with such intensity that it produced a sonic boom.
The video, which was recorded by vacationer Phil McNamara and posted to his wife’s Facebook page late last week, went viral over the weekend. It begins as boating vacationers watch the smoldering volcano from a few miles off the coast. It doesn’t appear that the volcano is very active until about 12 seconds in, when it explodes into eruption. The shock wave from the explosion can be seen as volcanic ash bursts into the air.
Related:  Before and after satellite images show extent of volcanic ash
The shock wave is visible as it travels outward from the volcano and through through the wispy clouds in the sky. “Watch out for the shock, it’s coming,” says the photographer.
And then, BOOM. It sounds like a cannon has been shot from the boat itself. “Holy smokin’ Toledoes,” he says. Indeed.
Slate’s “Bad Astronomer” Phil Plait adds his analysis of the video :
You can see the shock wave traveling down the volcano slope at 00:13, and then ramming the air above the volcano a few seconds later. The sudden compression condensed the water vapor in the air, so you can see ephemeral clouds forming in a rough circle above the explosion. I looked carefully but saw no sign of it traveling across the water.
 
Angela Fritz is the Deputy Weather Editor for the Washington Post. She holds a B.S.  degree in meteorology from Valparaiso University and an M.S. in Earth and Atmospheric Science from the Georgia Institute of Technology.

Rambo takes blame for 76-yard TDRambo on surrendering 76-yard touchdown: ‘I didn’t see him get free’
By Liz Clarke
Comments
DeAndre Hopkins’s 76-yard touchdown catch, (with Bacarri Rambo, background, in coverage) was Sunday’s biggest play. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
Second-year safety Bacarri Rambo said Monday that he didn’t see wide receiver DeAndre Hopkins streaking downfield for what proved a 76-yard touchdown reception in Sunday’s 17-6 loss at Houston until it was too late to respond properly.
“I didn’t see him get free,” said Rambo, 24, who was elevated to the starting lineup to fill the gap created by Brandon Meriweather’s two-game suspension.
“It’s my fault,” Rambo added. “I’ll take the blame for it, I should have been better on that play … I should have been in a better position. I should have seen him coming across the field instead of reading the quarterback as long as I did.”
The reception was the longest of Hopkins’s two-year NFL career.
It was also one of two huge plays that led to Washington’s defeat, in the view of first-year Coach Jay Gruden. The other was the blocked Redskins’ punt that Houston’s Alfred Blue returned for the touchdown that brought the Texans’ lead to 14-6 at the half. Washington’s offense was shut out in the second half.
Said Rambo: “Only thing I can do is correct my mistake and not allow it to happen again.”
Washington held a 6-0 lead with roughly six minutes remaining in the second quarter when a holding penalty on Houston’s kickoff-return coverage unit backed the Texans’ drive start to their own 11. Running back Arian Foster carried three times in a row for gains of four, six and three yards. On the next play, quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick dropped back, kept his poise in the pocket and uncorked the deep throw up the middle of the field.
Rambo, playing in space, was between Hopkins and the end zone for a split second but slow to respond. As the wide receiver streaked past, Rambo stuck out his left arm as if he were playing flag-football rather than tackle football. By the time Rambo spun around in pursuit, nearly stumbling in the process, Hopkins was gone.
Gruden minced no words afterward.
“We all saw it, and it was poor,” Gruden said. “Poor angle, poor tackle, poor attempt at a tackle and led to a huge play in the game.”
With Meriweather suspended for Sunday’s home opener against Jacksonville, Gruden has two options: Starting Rambo or giving recently signed Duke Ihenacho, claimed off waivers last week, a chance at the job.
More from The Post:

Wall Street dips in late afternoon as energy  Apple weighWall St. set to open lower; S&P below 14-day moving average
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were poised to open slightly lower on Wednesday, with investors finding few incentives to jump back into the market even after a recent string of weakness.
The S&P 500 fell sharply on Tuesday, its biggest one-day decline since Aug. 5, which took it below its 14-day moving average for the first time on a closing basis since Aug. 12. A protracted hold under the key technical level could be a harbinger of further losses ahead.

Pro-Russian rebels release 650 Ukrainians: KievThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Moody s points to fiscal  inflation worriesBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:34 AM IST
Moody's points to fiscal, inflation worries
Fin Min tries to reassure, seeks rating upgrade
Moody’s Investors Service has expressed concern at the central government’s fiscal situation and the inflationary conditions in India. They did so at the finance ministry presentation on Monday of its case for a rating upgrade. Moody’s has India at the lowest investment category at present.
The ministry sought to allay the rating agency’s concerns and said economic growth was on an upward swing. “They (Moody’s) have concerns about the fiscal deficit. We explained that we will be able to maintain the target,” Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram told reporters after the meeting.
The Centre’s fiscal deficit is projected to come down to 4.1 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP) in the current financial year against 4.6 per cent in the previous one. The deficit was over 10 per cent of GDP in the first quarter, over 60 per cent of the year’s budget estimate in only four months. However, the government is confident that as the year progresses, more revenue will be collected, bringing down the deficit.
Moody’s has repeatedly stated it is more concerned about the medium-term plan for the fiscal deficit and not only this year’s target.
The finance ministry has already committed to reining in the fiscal deficit at three per cent of GDP by 2016-17.
Mayaram said the government had set up an Expenditure Management Commission, which would look at broad contours of subsidy rationalisation.
Headed by former Reserve Bank governor Bimal Jalan, the Commission is required to given an interim report before the Budget for 2015-16 and the final report in early 2016.
Moody’s has assigned a “Baa3” rating on India, the lowest investment grade. The rating has a stable outlook. Moody's did not respond to a query on whether it would upgrade India’s rating or outlook or retain these.
“We presented our case. The growth is coming back. The budget has strong growth impulses and the response of the economy is positive,” said Mayaram.
He further said revenue buoyancy was good and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank were optimistic about our growth prospects. The World Bank projected India’s economic growth at 5.5 per cent for the current financial year and IMF pegged at 5.4 per cent. The finance ministry expects the economy to grow by 5.8 per cent this financial year. It was below five per cent in each of the previous two years. However, it expanded by a two-year high of 5.7 per cent in the first quarter of the current financial year.
Moody’s had earlier said its rating “reflects high domestic savings and adequate foreign exchange reserves and the challenges posed by large fiscal deficits, recurrent inflation and weak infrastructure”.
Mayaram said inflation was also a concern for Moody’s. “We told them we are taking care of the requirements, we have adequate stock, so that if monsoon is below normal and if production is marginally down, then our stocks are adequate to take care of contingency. We will be able to manage it.”
Wholesale price inflation declined to 5.19 per cent in August from 5.43 per cent in July but consumer price inflation rose to 7.96 per cent from 7.46 per cent. Even then, the retail price inflation was below the eight per cent target set by the Reserve Bank of India for January 2015. A sub-normal monsoon might raise it, though.
Representatives of another rating agency, Standard & Poor’s, had met finance ministry officials on August 12. It is learnt their team was worried that the Budget estimate of 20 per cent growth in tax collection would be difficult to meet.
The direct tax collection target for 2014-15 has been fixed 15 per cent higher at Rs 7.36 lakh crore. The growth in 2013-14 was 14 per cent. Indirect tax collections are expected to increase 26 per cent to Rs 6.24 lakh crore, against only 4.6 per cent the previous year. The target appears very high to analysts but the finance ministry is pinning its hopes on 5.8 per cent GDP growth this year.
Two more agencies, Fitch and JCRA (of Japan), are yet to meet the finance ministry’s officials. All major rating agencies have assigned India the lowest investment grade.
 Advertisements

Cipla ties up with S&D Pharma to enter Czech Republic & SlovakiaBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:42 AM IST
Cipla ties up with S&D Pharma to enter Czech Republic & Slovakia
Cipla to drive its respiratory products through its own sales team, managed by Cipla commercial head
Mumbai-based Cipla Global, the multinational pharmaceutical and biotechnology company, has entered into a commercial collaboration with S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Cipla, which is led by Y K Hamied (pictured) will drive its respiratory products portfolio in both European countries through a company sales team.
S&D Pharma, which represents other global drug companies in the two countries, will physically distribute all products, including those to treat respiratory ailments. The portfolio will increase over the next few years.  
In the near future, once regulatory and reimbursement approvals are in place, a Salmeterol-Fluticasone fixed combination will be launched in both markets under the Fullhale name.
Apart from Croatia, where the combination is already available under the name of Duohal, Cipla recently launched the product in Germany and Sweden. On Monday, Cipla shares closed at Rs 563.4, up by 1.1 per cent on the BSE.  Last week, Cipla had announced  it’s wholly owned subsidiary, Medispray Laboratories, would acquire two manufacturing undertakings worth Rs 100 crore.     
The first facility, at Goa, is owned by Okasa Pvt Ltd and the second, at Satara (Maharashtra), by Okasa Pharma.
 Advertisements

STAR India gets uplinking licence for three new sports channelsBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:41 AM IST
STAR India gets uplinking licence for three new sports channels
Uplinking refers to uploading the signal onto the satellite from where it is then relayed to various telecast destinations
Broadcasting network STAR India has acquired the uplinking and downlinking licence for 10 sports channels in India, of which three are new - ESPN HD, Star Sports Highlights, and Star Cricket Asia.
According to data filed by the information and broadcasting ministry, the network can now uplink and downlink sports channels from India, something which STAR India was doing from Singapore and Hong Kong till now.
Currently, STAR India operates six sports channels in India - Star Sports 1, Star Sports 2, Star Sports 3, Star Sports 4, Star Sports HD1, and Star Sports HD2.
All these channels are operational under the existing downlinking licences.
Uplinking means uploading the signal onto the satellite from where it is relayed to various telecast destinations. These destinations then downlink (download) the signal and relay to the television homes. Until now, STAR India was only able to downlink signals to seven sports channels in India - six of them were active and one downlink licence remained dormant (registered in the name of ESPN).
Upon the completion of the necessary formalities, the network will surrender its downlinking licences to the information and broadcasting ministry.
Over the past year, the channel has re-branded its sports bouquet to Star Sports brand after Fox bought out Disney’s stake in the joint venture ESPN Star Sports in 2012.
Star India’s strategy has been to invest in non-cricket sports and provide non-English feeds to its viewers. Of the six sports channels currently on-air, one is dedicated to Hindi commentary (Star Sports 3). Earlier, the network had expressed intentions to launch more regional feed channels, although a comment from Star India was not available at the time of filing this report.
According to data filed on the information and broadcasting ministry website, apart from the two HD channels, all the channels have been registered for any language as permitted under the Constitution of India including English, Hindi, Assamese, Bengali, Bodo, Dogri, Gujarati, Kannada, and Kashmiri, among others.
 Advertisements

United Spirits  audit committee members on their way outRaghuvir Badrinath |  Bangalore Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:40 AM IST
United Spirits' audit committee members on their way out
Both directors came on board in the past year after Diageo acquired management control and started cleaning up United Spirits' books
Two independent directors on the United Spirits' board who were part of the audit committee are on their way out within days of bringing to light how the company's resources were used to support various group firms.
Arunkumar Ramanlal Gandhi, who chaired the audit committee, and Vikram Singh Mehta, a member of the committee, have told the board they do not seek re-appointment. United Spirits did not disclose the reasons for their move. Both directors came on board in the past year after Diageo acquired management control and started cleaning up United Spirits' books.
United Spirits last week put out its 2013-14 earnings after three attempts. It had to defer the announcement after the audit committee examined a Rs 650 crore loan to UB Group associates that is being provisioned for. United Spirits was forced to write off Rs 5,300 crore, of which Rs 3,600 crore was on the sale of Whyte & Mackay to a company in the Philippines.  "A Rs 1,600 crore write-off is on account of the difference in the purchase and sale value and the remaining is on account of advances by United Spirits to Whyte & Mackay to finance working capital," analysts at Kotak Securities wrote in a recent report.
In addition, United Spirits has written off Rs 640 crore as doubtful advances to debtors, tie-up units and project-related parties.
According to United Spirits, these parties claimed they extended loans to group companies in lieu of receivables outstanding and receipt of these advances was contingent on their being repaid.
Besides, another Rs 330 crore has been written off from a Rs 1,350 crore loan to UB Holdings and a provision for diminution in value of Rs 690 crore has been made on investments in Palmer Investment Group and Montrose International SA, subsidiaries of United Spirits.
"We are a disappointed the company has not written off the Rs 1,000 crore outstanding loan to UB Holdings. This could prove to be a nuisance in later quarters," the Kotak Securities analysts wrote.
 Advertisements

End of an era Hardly  just a glimpse into the futureThis was the first Grand Slam final in a decade without the fab 4 of world tennis. (Source: AP)
New York Times | New York | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:17 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 9:28 am
It takes a bold soothsayer to proclaim that Monday’s men’s final at the United States Open between Kei Nishikori of Japan and Marin Cilic of Croatia represents the end of the oligarchical tennis era ruled by the so-called Big 4.
Novak Djokovic, after all, remains No. 1 in the rankings and won Wimbledon in grand style in July. Roger Federer, even at age 33, is still elegant and eager. Rafael Nadal, who missed the Open with a sore wrist, has not lost his wicked forehand and stout heart. Andy Murray, for all his self-criticism and recent struggles, retains his deft touch and sprinter’s speed.
But Monday’s final — between the 10th-seeded Nishikori and the 14th-seeded Cilic — is certainly an excellent glimpse of what the more egalitarian future of the tennis world could look like. And for those who have followed the sport for years, it is an unsettling moment to realise that none of the astonishingly reliable stars who have redefined the game in the last decade will be on the court with a Grand Slam trophy at stake.
“There’s no doubt it’s startling, but it’s exciting as well,” said Justin Gimelstob. “One of the best things the top players have done for the sport is being consistently excellent, and one of the big challenges they’ve created is that they’ve been so dominant by hoarding the big titles that it’s made it hard for others to make a name for themselves.”
The last time there was a Grand Slam men’s singles final without Federer, Nadal, Djokovic or Murray was at the 2005 Australian Open when Marat Safin beat Lleyton Hewitt and that was only after Safin saved a match point against Federer in a titanic semifinal.
But there has been a transitional feel to the 2014 season, beginning early with the Swiss veteran Stan Wawrinka’s surprise Australian Open win in January.
Wawrinka, however, is 29. In Nishikori, who is 24, and Cilic, who is 25, the U.S. Open has two first-time Grand Slam finalists who are truly from the new wave. But life after the Big 4 has been a talking point in tennis board rooms for years and is now a focal point.
New wave
The ATP has started promoting the new wave that includes Nishikori as the “young guns.” But not all eras are created equal, and Chris Kermode, executive chairman of the ATP, said that “commercial revenues for the ATP have grown 200 percent since 2009” on the strength of the Big 4’s collective pull.
Tennis’s strength is that it is a global sport, which can also appear to make it a zero-sum game: One country’s stock rises while another’s falls (see the current world rankings of the once-dominant American men). But in commercial terms, a continued…

DDA orders sealing drive to check illegal construction in Vasant KunjIllegal construction being carried out at DDA flats, Vasant Kunj. (Source: Express photo)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:16 am
Taking stock of the rampant illegal construction being carried out in the DDA flats in Vasant Kunj — allotted under the DDA housing scheme 2010 — vice-chairman Balwinder Kumar has ordered a month-long sealing drive which will also involve demolishing of any additions or alterations made to the buildings by the allottees. The DDA (Delhi Development Authority) has already sealed five rooms on various terraces there.
“It has been brought to the notice of the DDA that a number of occupants have constructed rooms on the terrace in Narmada, Saraswati, Yamuna and Ganga apartment blocks  and the number exceeds 282 flats. In addition, construction of an additional room on government land has been done by some allottees of all floors. Considering the increasing spate of unauthorised construction, we have decided to start a month-long drive to initiate action against such construction,” Kumar said.
All the allottees have also been advised to remove the illegally constructed parts on the top floor or on the common portions of land, to avoid penal action, which include demolition, sealing of the flat, disconnecting electricity and water.
On July 24, Newsline had raised the issue of illegal construction being carried out in the Vasant Kunj complex. The residents of the complex had written to civic bodies and the Lt-Governor over the issue.
“People have been constructing extra rooms, extending balconies and encroaching on common spaces. We had written to everyone from the Lt Governor’s office to the municipal corporation, the DDA and police. We are glad that some action is finally being initiated,” a resident said.
The Vasant Kunj complex comprises 2,709 flats, which were allotted under the housing scheme launched in 2010. This scheme in Vasant Kunj was meant to host visitors and tourists during the Commonwealth Games. But the project never materialised in time for the Games, leading the government to make alternative arrangements for the guests.

At 18  serena comes of ageSerena Williams poses with the US Open trophy atop the Empire State Building. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | New York | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:12 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 9:39 am
Serena Williams allowed herself a moment to savor a third straight US Open win on Sunday, but only a moment.
Just three hours after securing her 18th Grand Slam title with a dominating 6-3, 6-3 win over Denmark’s Caroline Wozniacki, the World No.1 soaked up the accolades and applause and then admitted that she was already thinking about No.19 and third spot on the all-time list now held by Helen Wills Moody.
“I am thinking 19,” said Williams, who shares fourth on the list with Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova. “Hasn’t even been three hours and I have already mentioned 19. Oh, gosh, but not 22. I’m taking it one at a time.”
Williams will celebrate her 33rd birthday later this month and clearly has plans to celebrate many more Grand Slam titles as she climbs further-and-further up the rankings.
Moody, at No.19, is the next target but just ahead sits Steffi Graf on 22 and just ahead her is the great Margaret Court who tops the list with 24.
Until Sunday it did not look as if Williams would add to her Grand Slam haul this season.
She had added five tournament titles to her collection this season, coming into the US Open with her career total at 62, but at the Grand Slams she had fallen flat, failing to get beyond the last 16 in any of the first three Majors.
Queen of the meadows
However, if there was any thought that Williams’ career was on the decline she erased it with a stunningly ruthless performance, confirming herself as the Queen of Flushing Meadows.
In claiming her sixth US Open and third straight, Williams did not drop a set and never lost more than three games in any of them, capping off her run to the title with a ruthless 75-minute demolition of her one of her best friends to the delight of her fans who packed Arthur Ashe Stadium court.
“I just could never have imagined that I would be mentioned with Chris Evert or with Martina Navratilova, because I was just a kid with a dream and a racquet,” offered a humble Williams. “Living in Compton, this never happened before.”
And this was just the beginning, not the end, she said.
“I want to do really well and I love the game,” Williams added.
“The reason I play is to sit at the end of the day and hold the trophy or stand and hold the trophy. For me, that’s my joys. I’m just a simple individual who just wants to win titles and wants to play tennis.”
Williams’ rise from the Los Angeles ghetto to top of her sport is a tennis fairytale and despite describing herself as a “simple” woman, those who have faced her on the court understand that she is something quite exceptional.
“I don’t believe that talent can beat everything,” said Wozniacki, who continued…

Traffic police drive against cops who break rulesWritten by Ananya Bhardwaj | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:11 am
Being a police officer will no longer act as immunity from being booked for a traffic offence.
The Delhi Traffic Police have started a drive against Delhi Police drivers and personnel who violate traffic rules. In one month, 143 police personnel have been booked for flouting traffic rules and 31 police vehicles prosecuted.
The traffic police have also sent a letter to all senior police officers, informing them about the drive.
Special Commissioner of Police (Traffic) Muktesh Chander said the initiative was taken after they observed that many police officers break traffic rules, thinking nobody would stop them.
“Police officers are seen flouting rules such as not putting on seat-belts, driving against the flow of traffic, jumping red lights, triple-riding, among others. Some of them are also seen riding without helmets. The conduct of Delhi Police drivers and other personnel is watched by the general public and it invites severe criticism. It brings a bad name to police,” he said.
Traffic police said the conduct of police personnel should be of the highest order, setting an example for citizens. “If police officers start flouting rules, how can we expect the general public to abide? It is wrong for a police officer to not follow traffic rules. Also, they feel they are immune to challans and can do as they feel. That is not true. We have to be unbiased,” a police officer said.
The enforcement drive to book police personnel has been started in the New Delhi and Central Delhi districts. Soon, it will be extended to other areas.
“We have started the drive in New Delhi areas, particularly in the vicinity of the concerned units and action will be taken against the violators as per the law. Subsequently, information will also be sent to the concerned DCPs of districts and units, where they are posted, and suitable disciplinary action taken against them,” Chander said.
Police said once the “errant” personnel are booked for violating rules, a Facebook update would follow. Police said they would also encourage people to post the photos of police personnel seen violating traffic rules on Facebook.
“Once people post their photos on Facebook, we can identify them through the registration number of their vehicles and take suitable action. We expect it to act as a deterrence,” the officer said.

Digvijaya praises Modi for offering help to PoKPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:11 am
Senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh, a staunch critic of Narendra Modi, Monday had some rare words of praise for the Prime Minister. He applauded Modi for reaching out to the people of Pakistan-occupied Kashmir, which has been ravaged by flood.
“Commend the rescue by DMRF, Army, Police and Security Forces in J&K and also GOI and PM for prompt action and reaching out to people in POK (sic),” he tweeted on a day Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif thanked Modi for offering help in flood relief efforts in PoK. In a letter to Modi, he also noted that closer collaboration in disaster management should be a part of their agenda of peace and development in the region.
The PM took Congress by surprise by choosing to visit the flood-affected areas in Jammu and Kashmir. Leader of the Opposition in Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad on Saturday spoke to the PM and sought his personal attention in the situation.

Equality not enough  we need social amity too: PMNarendra Modi at Vigyan Bhawan on Monday. Source: Renuka Puri
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:08 am
A day after RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat supported reservation for Dalits and tribals, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday argued that quota system alone would not get the desired equality, but there should be amity in the society.
“What we need is not just equality, we have to move forward and have samajik samarasta (social amity), which is a combination of equality and oneness… Samarasta needs a larger social awakening, while samata (equality) can be brought in through laws too,” he said while addressing a function to celebrate the 152nd birth anniversary of Ayyankali, a Dalit reformer from Kerala.
“We have to create systems where there is no injustice against anybody… I promise you the coming time will be a journey for samrasta,” the Prime Minister said.
Paying tribute to Ayyankali, Modi compared the Dalit reformer’s Kayal Sammelan, a meeting on a platform arranged on a row of country boats berthed in the backwaters to assert the backward Pulyar community’s rights 100 years ago, to Mahatma Gandhi’s Dandi March. “If Dandi March was a turning in the country’s freedom struggle, Kayal Sammelan was the turning point in social reforms,” he said.
The Prime Minister said, “It is this country’s misfortune that for some reason, the contributions of those who had lived for the country has been forgotten.” Modi’s move to address the birth anniversary celebration of the Dalit icon and Bhagwat’s statement backing the reservation for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes are seen as part of the BJP’s strategy to focus on the backward classes for political support. At a book launch on Sunday, Bhagwat backed reservation as a tool to bring equality to those suffering discrimination.
BJP has termed Prime Minister’s move to address the meeting as an attempt to be inclusive. “Our agenda is not divisive politics, but inclusive politics. We have no caste differences. BJP and RSS want to reach out to all sections of the society, especially the most downtrodden,” said
Lalitha Kumaramangalam, BJP spokesperson. “ We are a political party and we want to gain political support. There is nothing wrong in it.”

Alternate dates tabled for 2022 Qatar World CupFIFA president, Sepp Blatter had already ruled out a winter World Cup in Qatar. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | Berne | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:04 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 10:06 am
FIFA have revived the possibility of staging the 2022 World Cup in January and February after president Sepp Blatter previously ruled out the idea last year.
Three possible time slots were discussed for the tournament as a FIFA task force, set up specifically to decide once and for all when it should take place, met for the first time at the headquarters of soccer’s governing body on Monday.
Qatar was awarded the World Cup on the widely held understanding that it would be staged in the summer despite the searing heat in the country.
Although Qatar has insisted that a summer World Cup is viable thanks to cooling technologies it is developing for stadiums, training areas and fan zones, there is still widespread concern over the health of the players and visiting supporters. “Discussions centred around the 2022 FIFA World Cup in Qatar, and participants were presented with information on the implications of staging the event in winter as opposed to summer, as proposed by the FIFA executive committee,” said FIFA in a statement.
FIFA secretary general Jerome Valcke clarified that, based on the hosting agreement, the FIFA World Cup must be held in 2022.
“The options of January/February 2022 and November/December 2022 were put forward as alternatives to June/July 2022, and initial feedback received.”
Last November, Blatter categorically ruled out a winter World Cup that could clash with the Winter Olympics.
“The FIFA World Cup can only be played in November/December 2022, no way it’s going to take place in January/February,” he told a news conference in Abu Dhabi at the time. “We have to see how we can have the FIFA World Cup played in winter, but only Nov/Dec are possible.”
Monday’s meeting included representatives from European clubs, leagues and the world players’ union FIFPro as well as national association representatives. “This is the first meeting and there will be future meetings on this matter,” said Asian Football Confederation (AFC) president Sheikh Salman Bin Ebrahim Al Khalifa, who chaired the meeting. “The consultation process should not be rushed but instead be given the necessary time to consider all of the elements relevant for a decision.”

Ferraris sliding F1 fortunes create ripplesFernando Alonso was forced to retire following an engine failure in Monza. (Source: Reuters)
Associated Press | Monza | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:59 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 10:14 am
Ferrari’s fall from grace is no longer just a worry on the Formula One track. It’s a cause for concern in the corporate boardroom, too. After six years without a title, the events at and around the weekend’s Italian Grand Prix appear to have set the stage as a tipping point for sweeping changes. For the first time since 2008, Ferrari failed to a land a car on the podium in its home race. Fernando Alonso retired Sunday due to a mechanical problem on lap 30 of 53 and teammate Kimi Raikkonen finished ninth.
“In Formula One, as in sport in general, there are days to forget and this was certainly one of them,” said team principal Marco Mattiacci, who was installed in April when Stefano Domenicali resigned amid the team’s worst run in nearly 20 years. But the results were only part of the story. Speculation had been swirling even before the weekend that Ferrari president Luca Di Montezemolo was being forced out of the company four decades after founding father Enzo Ferrari brought him in.
On Saturday, Montezemolo held court in the Monza paddock and insisted he was happy to stay. “In March I told the shareholders and especially the people at Ferrari, who I’m very close to, that I would be available for another three years,” Montezemolo said. “If there is then anything new, I myself would be the first to say so.”
Sergio Marchionne, the CEO of Ferrari’s parent company Fiat and Chrysler, may have interpreted Montezemolo’s words as a warning linked to how big of a payoff Montezemolo might demand to step aside before his mandate as president ends in 2017. “We’re not talking about him quitting but nobody is indispensable,” Marchionne said in nearby Cernobbio on Sunday, about half an hour before Alonso’s retirement.
“There are two elements of Ferrari that are important for us: economic results, on which Montezemolo has done a great job, and the sporting management. Ferrari’s heart belongs to winning in F1. Seeing it in this kind of shape, without having won anything since 2008, even with the best drivers in the world and great engineers, upsets me and bothers me enormously.”
Ferrari has not won all season and with only six more races remaining, the team risks going winless for the first time since 1993, when Jean Alesi and Gerhard Berger were the team’s drivers. “It’s a tough time for the team and last six races won’t be much better,” Alonso said after pulling to a stop on the main straightaway.
A Ferrari car hadn’t retired for mechanical problems in 86 races and Sunday’s results dropped Ferrari to fourth in the constructor’s standings behind Williams in third.
Team orders? Mercedes denial comes with ‘flying pigs picture’ tweet 
Monza: Mercedes appeared to be amused over interpretations that team orders were continued…

Apple rumored to unveil new iPhone  SmartwatchApple rumored to unveil new iPhone, Smartwatch
Apple rumored to unveil new iPhone, Smartwatch
In anticipation of the Apple media event today, rumors are flying about new iPhones with larger screens and watches to compete with companies like Samsung.
In anticipation of the Apple media event today, rumors are flying about new iPhones with larger screens and watches to compete with companies like Samsung.

AAP sting shows BJP leader offering Rs 4 cr to MLA for quittingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Narendra Modi seeks Germany s assistance for clean energyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

This is what social media is doing to your brainThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

No decision yet on Modi  Sharif meeting in US: SwarajBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:40 AM IST
No decision yet on Modi, Sharif meeting in US: Swaraj
Blames Pakistan for derailing talks, by having a dialogue with Kashmiri separatists despite warning from Indian govt
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Monday said the government was yet to decide if Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be meeting his Pakistan counterpart Nawaz Sharif in the US during the United Nations (UN) General Assembly meeting later this month.
On India cancelling foreign secretary talks with Pakistan set to take place last month, the minister said Pakistan had derailed the discussions.
"I do not know why their high commissioner decided to meet the separatists and derail the talks." Swaraj told reporters here during her first news conference after assuming office.
She added the Indian government will never encourage talks with Pakistan's army or Inter-Services Intelligence.
"There is no full stop in diplomacy. There is comma or semicolon but never a full stop."
On ceasefire violations by Pakistan and China, Swaraj said the two Director-Generals of Military Operations were in regular talks over the phone. "If required, they could explore options to meet to resolve the matter."
On Modi's meeting with US President Barack Obama on September 30, Swaraj said the government will repeat its stand on the nuclear liability law by which suppliers will have liability in case of disaster.
India and the US had signed the Civil Nuclear Cooperation Agreement in 2005. But it has remained non-operational.
She said the government will raise the issue of considering India's claim for a permanent seat at the UN Security Council, which might happen in 2015 when it expands. The G4 is expected to meet on the sidelines of the UN meeting and discuss the issue.
Swaraj said that during the visit, Modi and his team will also take up immigration overhaul undertaken by the US. She said this will top the agenda when Modi meets Obama.
 Advertisements

Biggest ever Alibaba IPO to raise $20.1BBy: Matt Krantz and Jessica Guynn September 5, 2014 11:57 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The Chinese Internet company Alibaba disclosed terms of its massive upcoming IPO, putting the wheels in motion for it to launch its “roadshow” next week and woo investors in a deal expected to start trading Sept. 19 or shortly thereafter.
After much anticipation, Alibaba Friday filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission its prospectus giving investors the first look at the company’s valuation and expected price range for its shares.
According to the documents, Alibaba is expected to raise more than $20 billion making it the biggest U.S. ever, says Renaissance Capital, the IPO exchange-traded fund manager.
This is just the first in what will be a number of steps before the stock actually starts to trade. Now that the initial deal terms are set, it usually takes two to three weeks afterwards for trading to begin, which would put the launch of trading as early as Sept. 19 but as late as the week of Sept. 22, Renaissance says.
The initial price range of the shares will be set between $60 and $66 a share, according to the filing . Including stock sold by insiders, Alibaba is to sell 320.1 million shares. That means $20.1 billion will be raised from the offering. The company itself is selling 123 million shares. The initial price range of an IPO can be adjusted higher or lower as market conditions change and investment bankers have an opportunity to measure investor interest.
The company says it will have roughly 2.5 billion shares outstanding following the IPO, including shares issued in connection to options and restricted stock units. That means the company would have roughly a $160 billion valuation at the midpoint of the IPO offering range. At that valuation, the company would be the 24th most valuable company in the Standard & Poor’s 500, just behind Bank of America at $161 billion and ahead of Amazon.com at $159 billion.
Big insiders and investors will also be selling in the deal. Struggling online portal Yahoo (YHOO) , which was an early investor in Alibaba, plans to sell 121 million of its 524 million shares in the deal. That would raise $7.6 billion for the company, a tidal-sized cash infusion for the company which has $2.7 billion in cash and equivalents. The value of Yahoo’s 524 million Alibaba shares is $33 billion, which is 84% of Yahoo’s total market value of $39 billion.
But in what appears to be somewhat of a vote of confidence in Alibaba’s future, the biggest outside investor, Japan’s SoftBank is not planning to sell any of its 797.7 million shares in the IPO. SoftBank owns roughly a third of Alibaba.
The road show is the series of meetings between the company and prospective investors. Company management meets with large institutions — such as pension funds and mutual funds — to go over the company’s financials, prospects and opportunities. Alibaba’s massive global roadshow — spanning North America, Asia and Europe — is pivotal since the company is poorly understood outside of Asia, says Max Wolff, chief economist at Manhattan Venture Partners. “Alibaba is a behemoth in China but is relatively less well known in the U.S.,” he says.
Alibaba is a Chinese-based Internet business that operates everything from behind-the-scenes, business-to-business e-commerce capabilities to retail services. Few if any U.S. consumers interact with the service personally, so professionals don’t expect the same level of interest in this deal as was seen in the IPOs of Facebook and Twitter.
But the sheer size of the offering makes it impossible for the professional investors to ignore. If Alibaba raises north of $20 billion, that would make it the largest U.S. IPO in history, topping the $17.9 billion raised from the IPO of payment processing company Visa in March 2008, Renaissance says.
The exact timing on the roadshow and the pricing of the deal remains fluid. Sam Hamadeh at private company tracking firm Privco expects the roadshow to start Sunday, which is Monday in Asia. The roadshow will happen on three continents, Europe, North America and Asia, at the same time, he says.
The roadshow’s first stop will be Hong Kong on Monday morning, Hamadeh expects, then moving to Singapore. Next up will be Europe, where Alibaba will meet with investors in the afternoon of the 9th, Hamadeh says. CEO and founder Jack Ma will personally meet with the largest European investors since they are expected to be pivotal to the success of the deal, Hamadeh says.
Finally, Alibaba’s management team will head to New York for a lunchtime meeting on Sept. 10, Hamadeh says. Due to the expected high level of interest, smaller investors will be asked to go to the roadshows scheduled after the New York meeting in Boston, Philadelphia or Baltimore, Hamadeh says. These cities are home of many of the giant U.S. mutual funds.
On Thursday, the show moves to the Midwest, Kansas City, and then Denver on Thursday. Finally the road show moves to Silicon Valley with breakfast and lunch meetings scheduled there, Hamadeh says.
But again, such IPO timetables can be very loose and subject to change. Investors need to be flexible until the deal nears and more concrete information is known.
Alibaba’s management will need to use the roadshow to better educate investors outside of Asia. “This is a a somewhat opaque company that is very large, not well known, complicated and Chinese. So you have to do a lot of messaging and education to get everyone ready,” Wolff says.
Below are the five largest U.S. IPOs in terms of dollars raised:
Source: Renaissance Capital via Microsoft Excel
Company

Complex tax system is the barrier: Seiko Epson chiefconsumer electronics
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s recent five-day visit to Japan has brought new optimism in the bilateral trade relations between India and Japan. As the PM was returning from Japan, The Hindu caught up with Minoru Usui, the global President of Seiko Epson Corporation, one of Japan’s biggest companies with around $10 billion revenue, to gauge the mood of Japanese businessmen post this visit.
In this interview in Mumbai, the top-boss at Epson , said he might consider setting up a factory in India. However, all depends on how fast India improves its infrastructure and rationalises the complicated tax structure, the major deterrents for foreign direct investment (FDI) flow in to India.
Edited excerpts:
India has accorded high priority to Japan, and has considered it as its strategic business partner. What is your view on the renewed partnership between the two countries?
Mr. Modi said that Japan had strength on hardware manufacturing and India was strong in software. Everything that is manufactured is a combination of hardware and software. Therefore, I think we can have great relationship with India. We make very sophisticated products, for example, electronic items and printing in which software is used, which we now import. Henceforth, we will have happy association with India.
During the Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit, Japan announced that it would invest $35 billion in India’s infrastructure, skill development and manufacturing in five years. So far, Epson has not made any investment in any factory in India . Would you now consider investing in a factory in India?
India is a very important country. Therefore, we are considering investing here. But right now there is no plan, and we are yet to decide. I see big opportunity in India. Now we are studying.
Though we have not made any investment in manufacturing in India, we have accorded high priority to India. Earlier, the Indian operation was part of Singapore. Now, Epson India has been recognised and is directly reporting to the headquarters in Japan. We have regional customer support centre for the entire South-east Asia, which is controlled out of Bangalore. We also have customisation centre in India, which was earlier in Japan only. There are other ways of looking into the importance we are giving to the Indian market. Already some of our factories have excess capacity, unless we come to the utilisation of that stage, the need for next factory will not arise.
What are Japanese industry people, mainly corporates, thinking about India? Some Japanese companies have had bad experience in investing here. With the renewed optimism, what are people thinking when India is expecting the number of Japanese companies in India would double in five years.
We now have good relationship with the Tata Group. We are supporting their watch manufacturing at Titan. Luckily, we have been successful in India. But we are facing difficulties due to the complex tax structure like import duty. When we move products from one State to the other, some tax is imposed. That kind of State to State tax variation does not suit us. The complex tax system is the barrier. The Goods and Services Tax, which the government has been talking, is yet to be implemented. We want improvement in this area.
The other thing is procedural delays. When we try to get some approval, it takes a lot of time. These should be streamlined.
Talking of infrastructure, China has developed through a strong central government direction. But in India, the State governments seem to have more powers. So, a strong decision-making from the Central Government is lacking. Unified action in deployment across the country is necessary. Three years ago I visited Neemrana industrial park (in Rajasthan) as part of our study to consider putting up a manufacturing unit. But I found it not up to the mark. It was so difficult to procure power, and facilities were lacking. But now I am optimistic about India.
The Indian government is talking about bringing in a digital revolution in the country. How can you help in this digital drive?
Globally, we are a digital imaging company. So, we will benefit the most if any country goes digital. We are digital in print, digital in screen, the projectors, and smart glass. So, we would like to support the initiative of the Indian Government for improving the class rooms. We want to support the government in its initiatives in banking for its inclusive economic agenda. We have digital imaging products which will drive growth and this is our focus in a country like India.
What is your approach for the Indian printer market?
Indian customers have expressed their desire for freedom to print. This is why we decided to develop the printer using ink tank system. By using this, people can print at 1/10 of the cost of laser printing.
Total Indian printer market is 3.1million units (Rs.2,288 crore), and is expected to grow to 3.4 million units (Rs.2,588.3 crore). Inkjet printers are making strong inroads into laser market offering greater value. In India, we have been No.1 in dot matrix printers, No.1 in bill printers, and now we have become No.1 in inkjet printers in value terms. The Indian A4 printer market is expected to grow rapidly in 2014. Though overall market growth in India is in single-digit, Epson has consistently achieved double-digit growth. Last year, while other brands showed a decline, Epson grew 11 per cent year-on-year. And we will continue the growth momentum.
How important is India as a growth driver for Epson?
India is a very important market for us. It has huge potential, and we have made good progress. It has very intelligent people. We can further expand the market here, and we can get intelligent staff from India for our business. In future, emerging countries are very important for Epson.
lalatendu.mishra@thehindu.co.in

Apple Inc yet to unveil  iPhone 6   but covers already hit marketAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

10 inspiring quotes on education from business legends
Tickets Please - Sorry  Seat s Takenreddit
It may have been the understatement of the year when I told some colleagues that LeBron James' return to the Cleveland Cavaliers would have a positive impact on ticket sales.  It's fair to say that no lightning bolts shot down from the sky and certainly I was not dubbed the office messiah.  However no sooner did I utter those words, then did the available season tickets vanish, again not surprising.  With that said, having it happen in roughly eight hours was somewhat surprising in the sense of not knowing exactly how Cleveland fans would react, or in this case how quickly they would react.
Cleveland fans and the Cavaliers organization are truly excited about the return of "King James" but there may be one employee that is just slightly more excited than all others.  Dionna Widder was hired in mid-June as the new VP of ticket sales and service, I guess timing is truly everything.  Although it seems that with season ticket sales so high that her job is done but there are still many challenges ahead in the management and pricing of the remaining tickets.
LeBron James has and will continue to have an impact on Cleveland Cavaliers ticket sales.  The true financial impact will come with the 8,562 tickets that will be sold for each individual game having already sold the 12,000 tickets allocated to season ticket holders.  Many of those remaining seats will be sold as single game seats and be part of the dynamic pricing model.
NBA teams -- in an effort to grab a share of the highly lucrative secondary market -- have set up dynamic pricing to keep in play the principles of supply and demand.  As games become more popular the ticket prices move up, and as games become less popular the prices go down.  The factors driving this fluctuation are varied but can depend on opponent, day of week, injuries, etc. to name just a few.  In the case of the Cavs season tickets selling so quickly, it's inevitable that individual game seats will increase as it gets closer to game night.  This will encourage fans to get tickets as early as possible before the dynamic pricing model moves prices up due to demand.
Many are speculating on the financial impact of LeBron's return but there are many pieces to the total financial equation.  As it relates simply to tickets it will certainly be a revenue gain with what will likely be close to a 41-game sellout.  To put that into perspective, Cleveland has only sold out (98 percent plus capacity) 11 games in the last two seasons combined and averaged 687,202 fans.  During LeBron's final season with Cleveland they sold out all 41 games with a total 843,042 tickets sold.  The Miami Heat with LeBron sold out every game, a perfect 156 out of 156.
At an NBA league average of $52.50 per ticket (2013 Team Marketing Report) the Cavs will see somewhere in the neighborhood of an additional 13 million in additional ticket revenue.  This assumes any increase without LeBron would have been offset by the league average increasing by the same amount.  We assume 41 sellouts at just the 2013 league ticket average and that is probably very conservative considering Miami was over $25 more than the league average as well as not factoring in the impact of dynamic pricing.
Miami, under the Big 3 was not only sold out but also able to drastically reduce secondary market ticket sales. Losing LeBron will not only have an impact on season ticket renewals and cancellations, but this move will also impact their primary single game ticket sales and create pressure from the secondary marketplace like they haven't had to deal with in the last four years.  However in the case of the Heat, it will not be as drastic as it was when LeBron left Cleveland since they still have big name players in Wade, Bosh and Deng.  There seems to be far less animosity in Miami than there was in Cleveland.  That combined with the roster should translate into much stronger sales than were seen in Cleveland during the years following his departure.
There are many other factors that play a role in the revenue possibilities for Cleveland.  The Team Marketing Report factors costs associated with tickets, drinks, food, programs, parking, and merchandise to create what they call the Fan Cost Index (FCI).  Cleveland was estimated down (-5.5 percent) vs. prior year, mostly driven on ticket prices.  It's difficult to say what will happen with those other non-ticket costs but it's probably another big leap for me to say that they will likely not decrease.  Time will tell but historically the Cavs management has always been good to their fans.
More:

About That Raise... US Execs Feeling Tight-FistedAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Southwest goes bold in new paint job for planesSouthwest goes bold in new paint job for planes
Southwest Airlines changing its look
Southwest Airlines changing its look to generate enthusiasm for its extend flights.
Southwest Airlines changing its look to generate enthusiasm for its extend flights.
Southwest Airlines does not shy away from color in new paint job for planes.
Southwest Airlines names its new logo and paint scheme for planes, calling it "Heart."
Southwest Airlines on Monday announced a new logo and aircraft paint job, dubbed Heart.
"Our collective heartbeat is stronger and healthier than ever, and that's because of the warmth, the compassion, and the smiles of our people," CEO Gary Kelly said in a statement.  "The heart emblazoned on our aircraft, and within our new look, symbolizes our commitment that we'll remain true to our core values as we set our sights on the future."
Caption Dressing as nurses in the 1930s
United Airlines photo
Air transportation took on a new style in 1930 when the first stewardesses, dressed in uniforms resembling nurses' outfits, began serving passengers their meals with china dishware and silver coffee pots.
Air transportation took on a new style in 1930 when the first stewardesses, dressed in uniforms resembling nurses' outfits, began serving passengers their meals with china dishware and silver coffee pots. (United Airlines photo)
Caption First stewardess Ellen Church
United Air Lines,files
Airline stewardesses pose in front of a United Air Lines' Boeing transport in San Francisco, Calif., in this May 15, 1930 file photo. Ellen Church, standing in the left side of the doorway, is considered the first stewardess after a Boeing executive created the job for her. Standing in...
Airline stewardesses pose in front of a United Air Lines' Boeing transport in San Francisco, Calif., in this May 15, 1930 file photo. Ellen Church, standing in the left side of the doorway, is considered the first stewardess after a Boeing executive created the job for her. Standing in... (United Air Lines,files)
Caption Stewardess in training
Tribune archives
Poise was emphasized in early stewardess training, which was competitive. Before World War II, a candidate a registered nurse, 25 or younger and less than 5 feet 6 inches, attractive and well-groomed -- and single.
Poise was emphasized in early stewardess training, which was competitive. Before World War II, a candidate a registered nurse, 25 or younger and less than 5 feet 6 inches, attractive and well-groomed -- and single. (Tribune archives)
Caption Learning about lipstick
Tribune archive photo
At a Chicago flight attendant school, stewardesses in training in 1941 learned everything from in-flight food service and emergency procedures to how to present themselves for duty.
At a Chicago flight attendant school, stewardesses in training in 1941 learned everything from in-flight food service and emergency procedures to how to present themselves for duty. (Tribune archive photo)

Children with married parents are better off — but marriage isn’t the reason whyBy Emily Badger September 8 Follow @emilymbadger
Photo courtesy of Flickr user rosmary , under a Creative Commons license.
We know that children raised by two parents tend to be more successful — at school, in the future labor market, in their own marriages — than children raised by a single mom or dad. And from this fact, it might seem easy to conclude that marriage wields some outsized power over a child's life — that its absence creates unstable homes and chaotic families, while its presence nurtures them.
In reality, though, the question of why children of married parents are more likely to thrive is an extraordinarily complicated one. From a new analysis by Kimberly Howard and Richard V. Reeves at the Center on Children and Families at the Brookings Institution:
Is it simply because they have, on average, higher family incomes? (Two earners are better than one, and one household is cheaper to run than two.) Or are two committed spouses better able to provide consistent parenting? Is it marriage itself that matters, or is marriage the visible expression of other factors, that are the true cause of different outcomes? And if so, which ones?
Parents who marry differ from parents who don't in many ways beyond the marriage itself. Today, better-educated, higher-income adults are much more likely to marry. That means their children benefit from the marriage, and the income, and the education of their parents. Howard and Reeves also point out that the same skills that make marriages work (like commitment and patience) also come handy for good parenting. And so perhaps it's not that children are better off when their parents marry — it's that the qualities that enable successful marriages also make good parents.
Among all of these factors, it's not easy to tease out what matters most. But the answers (as best as we can identify them) are crucial for public policy. If we believe that marriage itself is what matters for children, then we'd want to encourage parents to marry. If we believe it's the financial stability that matters, then we'd want to find ways to bolster the income of single parents outside of marriage. If we believe it's the good parenting skills so often present in married households that make the difference, we could try to instill those skills in parents regardless of whether they have spouses.
In their analysis, Reeves and Howard offer a large part of the answer. By their calculation, children whose mothers are continuously married grow up to make higher incomes at age 40 than children raised at some point by single parents. The difference amounts to about 14 percentiles in adult income rank (children with married parents grow up to make, at age 40, in the 57th income percentile, compared to the 43rd). How much of that difference might be attributable to factors other than — and perhaps obscured by — the marital status of their mothers?
Their analysis  uses a model based on data from the National Longitudinal Survey of Youth . When they controlled for the income differences of married and single-parent households, the age-40 income gap shrank by 5 percentiles:
Reeves and Howard
Two-parent households don't just tend to have more money (which they might spend on tutors, museums, books or simply better health care and groceries). They also have more time (which they might spend on homework help, library visits and bedtime reading). Add the time factor to the parenting qualities I mentioned earlier (patience, commitment), and it's possible that part of the marriage effect is really a "parenting effect": Children with married parents also have more engaged parents, and it's the engagement that really matters.
When Reeves and Howard controlled for a measure of parenting based on home observation and self-reported behavior, that 14-percentile difference shrank even more dramatically, to 7.5 percentiles. "Parenting" here covers activities like regularly reading or eating meals with children.
Reeves and Howard
When Reeves and Howard controlled for parenting and income at the same time, along with a few other characteristics like race and the age of the mother, that 14 percentile difference shrinks down to a little more than four percentiles. Reeves is confident the gap would shrink even further if researchers had reliable data to account for other factors, like the socioeconomic status of neighborhoods where children grow up, or the quality of schools they attend. At the end of the day, marriage itself might still have some effect on the adult outcomes of children. But it would be a small one.
Parenting skills and income levels are no doubt closely related, so we can't simply add the two effects together in the above analysis. But it's clear here that parenting skills and income levels drive much of the difference we often more simply attribute to marriage itself.
"Those two factors taken together explain most of the better outcomes for the children of married couples," Reeves says. "Not all. But most. And I think the takeaway here is not to mistake a commitment device – which marriage is – for an explanatory device."
Making single parents get married, in other words, won't fundamentally change the other characteristics about them that really drive their children's success. The good news in this is that family income and parenting skills are more realistically addressed through public policy than marriage anyway.
Emily Badger is a reporter for Wonkblog covering urban policy. She was previously a staff writer at The Atlantic Cities.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410195068/1410195068000/1410195068 tracking: {authors=Emily Badger, blog_name=wonkblog, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=children-with-married-parents-are-better-off-but-marriage-isnt-the-reason-why, post_id=100276, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 4:51:08 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 4:51:08 PM

Nearly one third of the American labor force works on the weekendBy Christopher Ingraham September 8 Follow @_cingraham
Activists and workers, demanding an increase in minimum wage, march holding placards past a McDonald's fast food restaurant in Manhattan, New York September 4, 2014. REUTERS/Adrees Latif
It's common knowledge that Americans tend to work longer hours than employees in other industrialized nations. Now a new study  from researchers at the Royal Holloway University of London and the Paris School of Economics sheds some light on a less-discussed aspect of our workaholism: our propensity to work what the authors term "strange hours" - that is, late at night or on the weekends.
The study, by economists Daniel S. Hamermesh and Elena Stancanelli, compares the United States to a handful of wealthy Western European nations and finds that our labor force is fairly unique in its incidence of night and weekend work. I've charted out the authors' main findings below.
1. Americans work more hours than people in other industrialized countries, but it wasn't always this way.
In 1979, according to the OECD, Americans were roughly middle of the pack when it came to annual hours worked among the wealthy nations in the chart above. Fast-forward 33 years, and almost everyone's hours have actually dropped. But Americans' hours declined by the smallest amount, putting us at #1 among these countries.
Among all OECD nations, the full OECD dataset shows that Mexico works the longest hours. Korea, Chile and a handful of Eastern European countries also put in more annual work hours we do. But no wealthy Western European nations work longer hours than than the U.S.
2. Americans are less likely to work part-time, and more likely to put in long work weeks.
Part-time work is relatively uncommon in the U.S. - only 18 percent of U.S. workers put in fewer than 35 work hours per week. In contrast, 29 percent of Brits, 31 percent of Spaniards, and 44 percent of the Dutch do the same.
Conversely, about one in eight American workers put in more than 55 hours of work per week. Only one percent of the French work as long.
3. On average, the American work week is the longest.
Among the employed, Americans have the longest average work week, at 41 hours. The average Dutch work week is roughly nine hours shorter.
Narrowing the universe to only the full-time employed, a recent Gallup study found that the average full-time work week in the U.S. is 47 hours . This has changed little over the past ten years.
4. Nearly a third of Americans work on the weekend.
The U.S. has the highest incidence of people reporting any paid weekend work. 29 percent of Americans reported performing such work in the American Time Use Survey, more than three times the rate among Spanish workers.
It's important to note that this doesn't necessarily mean that these workers are working 9 to 5 every weekend, only that they reported performing paid weekend work in a time use survey. This would include things like going into the office for a few hours to finish up a project.
5. More than a quarter of Americans work at night.
27 percent of American workers report working nights, which the study defines rather strictly as any work performed between 10 PM and 6 AM. If the definition of "night" were expanded earlier into the evening, say 7 PM, this number would be considerably higher.
Overall the authors note that night and weekend work tends to be less desirable, as it is often performed by people with fewer skills and employers typically offer a premium wage for it. "American workers appear to be performing more work at less desirable times as well as working longer hours than their counterparts in other wealthy countries," they write.
The study finds no connection between long hours and strange hours - that is, Americans aren't working more nights and weekends simply because they work longer than people in other countries in general. "Whatever the explanations for the higher incidence of work at night and weekends in the U.S. than in Europe, its consequences may be quite dramatic in terms of fewer interactions with others and possibly worse health outcomes for Americans than Europeans," it concludes.
Christopher Ingraham is a data journalist focusing primarily on issues of politics, policy and economics. He previously worked at the Brookings Institution and the Pew Research Center.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410193655/1410193655000/1410193655 tracking: {authors=Christopher Ingraham, blog_name=wonkblog, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=nearly-one-third-of-the-american-labor-force-works-on-the-weekend, post_id=100331, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 4:27:35 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 4:27:35 PM

New apps aim to make students more productive in new school yearAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Mobile and cloud on mind  Microsoft launches new MSN in IndiaAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Washington Post artist reflects on the death of a fallen U.S. soldierBy Dan Lamothe September 8 Follow @danlamothe
As mentioned here last week, Washington Post artist Richard Johnson is currently embedded with U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan, covering the U.S. drawdown in a unique way. He already has numerous sketches from the war zone up on his blog, Drawing the World Together, with many more to come.
In a post up today, he shares his experience witnessing the memorial service for Army Spec. Brian Arsenault, 28, a paratrooper with the 82nd Airborne Division who was killed Sept. 4 in Ghazni province . He was part of a force that had been inserted by helicopter into villages near Forward Operating Base Ghazni to look for insurgents and was hit by small-arms fire near the end of the mission, Johnson reported . He describes witnessing the service and drawing its flag bearer, Staff Sgt. Brian Arbuckle, thusly:
Ramp ceremonies are almost always held at night, and at different times during the night as a precaution. They are attended by hundreds of soldiers and there is nothing the Taliban would like more than an opportunity to target such a large visible gathering.
We had a couple of hours to wait, and I spent it with the regimental flag bearer. I asked Arbuckle what it is like to stand up there at a point of such emotional intensity. “I feel it is a pretty important thing to do, especially when it is one of our own … I really don’t want to mess it up … it can be pretty nerve-racking,” he said. “But when it is someone closer to home, someone in our formation … we are kind of like a family.” He added, “Other than that, it is like everything else in the Army, you are told to do it and you go do it.”
No cameras are allowed at ramp ceremonies, so I left the runway with the image of Arbuckle frozen in my mind. When the ceremony was over and everyone else from my group hit the sack, I got to work and created a sketch. In it, Arbuckle is silhouetted against the black Afghan night with regimental colors held aloft, lit only by the glow from inside the rear doors of the C-17 Globemaster, where the flag-draped casket of Spec. Brian Arsenault is lying. Arbuckle stands with the flag moving slightly in the breeze as a pair of F-16s on afterburner scream up the runway, while a formation of at least 400 soldiers stands with heads bowed in respect to a fallen comrade.
Johnson also shared this video, recorded on a helmet camera, of him drawing while on a Army Black Hawk helicopter:
Here’s the final result of that drawing:
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world/national-security, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410197954/1410197954000/1410197954 tracking: {authors=Dan Lamothe, blog_name=checkpoint, content_category=World/national-security, in_url_headline=washington-post-artist-reflects-on-the-death-of-a-fallen-u-s-soldier, post_id=3946, section={section=world/national-security, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 5:39:14 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 5:39:14 PM

New York’s Baby Boomers might give up on their state for retirement  study findsBy Niraj Chokshi September 8 Follow @NirajC
Where New York’s 50+ population lives. (AARP)
Not all New York state voters over the age of 50 see retirement in their future, but most of those who do expect to spend their golden years somewhere else.
Among working, voting New York Baby Boomers, 73 percent said they’re more confident than not that they will be able to retire, according to an AARP study published Monday . Of that group, exactly 3 in 5 say it’s likely they will retire out of state.
Baby Boomers, the last of whom turn 50 this year, could contribute billions of dollars in retirement to New York’s economy, the mammoth advocacy organization for seniors says. But if many of those individuals move out of state to retire, as they told AARP they might, they could take a sizable share of that money with them.
The study estimates the impact of their departure at $105 billion annually—the sum of the estimated 1.6 million retirees likely to leave, an average retirement income of $28,000 and a retirement-dollar economic multiplier of $2.36. It, however, did not include estimates of how many seniors—or residents of any age—might come into the state, potentially offsetting the loss of retiring seniors.
The finding that many New York Boomers expect to spend their golden years out of state is at odds with another of the survey’s findings: that the 50+ population overwhelmingly wants to stay in their homes and communities as they grow older and support policies that make it easier to do so. The reason behind the disconnect, AARP suggests, may have to do with attitudes on the affordability of retirement in the Empire State.
About half of the 50+ population—52 percent—noted a high level of concern over property taxes and utilities costs, while slightly more than one in three were concerned about monthly rent or mortgage payments. Meanwhile, nearly 4 in 5 say they would vote for a candidate “working to ensure New Yorkers can afford to stay in their homes.”
More than 7 in 10 members of that population said they would be extremely or very likely to support candidates who back policies that promote financial security in retirement and home affordability. More than 3 in 4 also said they would be more likely to stay in their state if health services or community support were improved. Smaller majorities said senior-friendly affordable housing, public transportation options and employment opportunities.
Policies supported by New York’s 50+ voting population. (AARP)
 
The AARP study is based on telephone interviews with 2,926 registered voters aged 50 or older conducted between March and April.
Niraj Chokshi reports for GovBeat, The Post's state and local policy blog.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410200750/1410200750000/1410200750 tracking: {authors=Niraj Chokshi, blog_name=govbeat, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=new-yorks-baby-boomers-might-give-up-on-their-state-for-retirement-study-finds, post_id=15022, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 6:25:50 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 6:25:50 PM

Start investing in hidden gems and value picks stocks to create wealth...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

A Closer Look: A Second Layer of Security OnlineAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Iowa becomes third state with confirmed cases of severe respiratory illness  joining Missouri and IllinoisBy Mark Berman September 8 Follow @markberman
Iowa has confirmed that it has cases of enterovirus 68, the severe respiratory illness afflicting dozens of children in Illinois and Missouri.
It becomes the third state with confirmed cases of this virus. Nine other states have also contacted the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to investigate other outbreaks of severe respiratory illnesses, authorities said Monday, but no other cases have been confirmed outside of these states.
[UPDATE: Officials in three other states confirmed Monday that the virus was in their states.]
Ann Garvey of the Iowa Department of Public Health said that the state sent specimens from people suffering from respiratory illnesses to the CDC for testing. On Monday, they received word that these specimens tested positive. However, she said that health-care providers have said they are not seeing particularly huge numbers of people suffering from severe respiratory illnesses.
“We’re not seeing an overwhelming number of cases here in Iowa,” Garvey, the deputy state epidemiologist, told The Post on Monday afternoon.
This virus, which spreads like the common cold, has been found in more than two dozen children hospitalized in Kansas City, Mo., and Chicago. Of the 36 specimens sent to the CDC from these two cities for testing, 30 of them were found to have this enterovirus strain, according to the CDC. Only children have been confirmed to be suffering from this illness.
But it is still unclear how many cases of this virus there are in the country. Enteroviruses are incredibly common, with more than 100 different strains affecting 10 to 15 million people each year, the CDC says. Many infected people have no symptoms or minor symptoms.
“We’re in a stage where it’s difficult to say just how big this is, how long it will go on for and how widespread it will be,” Anne Schuchat, director of the CDC’s National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases, said during a news conference Monday.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He anchors Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410202587/1410202587000/1410202587 tracking: {authors=Mark Berman, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=iowa-becomes-third-state-with-confirmed-cases-of-severe-respiratory-illness-joining-missouri-and-illinois, post_id=11172, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 6:56:27 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 6:56:27 PM

Micromax set to enter services bizSounak Mitra |  New Delhi Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:43 AM IST
Micromax set to enter services biz
Through the next few years, Micromax would tap services in the areas of education, health and security, through partnerships
To ensure alternative revenue streams are in place, home-grown handset maker Micromax is set to venture into the services business. Through the next few years, the company would tap services in the areas of education, health and security, through partnerships, said chief executive Vineet Taneja.
“It will take time. We don’t see doing anything within the next two to three quarters. But it is true we are seriously exploring this area. This is part of our strategy to create new revenue streams. However, hardware will remain the primary revenue contributor through the next few years,” he added.
As a business segment, services will take time to shape up. Also, it would depend on alliances with the government, as well as with other vendors, said Taneja. “We’ll only get into those services that require extensive hardware integration, not look at the segment as just an application provider. Payments, as a service segment, might be looked at, but that will require robust partnerships.”
Global handset majors such as BlackBerry and Nokia had entered the services segment a few years ago. BlackBerry, for which hardware accounted for about 60 per cent of the revenue a couple of years ago, now earns about 39 per cent revenue from hardware, 54 per cent from services and seven per cent from software and other sources.
Micromax, which also sells televisions under its brand name, is working on wearable devices and accessories, too. Through the next two to three quarters, the company will boost its presence in the accessories segment. “It is too early for wearable devices. However, we are looking at the integration of wearables and accessories. Accessories are beyond covers and audio extensions. The ecosystem is changing fast. There’ll be surprises for the consumers in the coming quarters,” Taneja said.
He added the company’s strategy was simple: listening to its consumers and surprising them often, but not confusing them. He added Micromax was always a mass brand and would continue to be so. “We don’t dream to become a luxury brand,” said Taneja, who earlier had stints at Samsung and Nokia.
Cheap products alone wasn’t the answer, Taneja said, adding value was what helped device makers to retain consumers. Through the past couple of quarters, the average price of Micromax products has risen about 10 per cent. Micromax, which launched a five-inch octa-core smartphone, the Canvas Nitro A310, priced at Rs 12,990, on Monday, will focus on smartphones priced between Rs 10,000 and Rs 15,000, as well as the fast-growing tablets segment, in the near future.
The company is also betting big on its international business. It has already established presence in neighbouring Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Nepal. The company also has operations in Russia, which it hopes will push an entry into eastern Europe, where the handset business is retail-dominated, as is the case in India. Markets such as Romania, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Slovakia, and African countries, are on the company’s radar.
“We’ll continue to explore entry across all developing markets,” said Taneja. It might also consider countries such as Indonesia, Malaysia and Vietnam. “One strategy does not fit all; consumer behaviour in every country is different,” Taneja added.
The company will continue to import devices from China. It might also consider assembling in India. “The scope for value-addition here is very limited, even today,” said Taneja.
 Advertisements

Grain Mostly Lower  Beef Mixed and Pork LowerAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

US Consumer Borrowing Jumps by Most in 3 YearsAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

SC gives Sahara 15 days more to sell intl assetsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

GE agrees to sell appliances biz for $3.3 bn to ElectroluxThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Market hits new high as global oil prices slipThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SC tells CBI director Ranjit Sinha to respond to allegations in writingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Shopping@140 characters: Twitter tests e-comm marketNew York Times | Sanfrancisco | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:49 am
By: Vindu Goel
After months of hints about its e-commerce ambitions, Twitter announced on Monday that it would begin publicly testing a “buy” button that can be embedded in posts to allow users to buy a product with a couple of
The feature, initially aimed at selling limited-edition or time-sensitive items such as T-shirts and event tickets, could eventually create a new revenue stream for the social network, which currently relies on advertising for virtually all of its income.
The test comes as competition in the world of mobile e-commerce intensifies. Apple is expected to unveil a new phone-based payment system on Tuesday as part of its latest update to the iPhone. And Facebook, Twitter’s biggest rival, began testing a “buy” button on its service in July.
Unlike Twitter’s e-commerce efforts with companies such as Amazon and American Express, this one will not require buyers to send a public message with a special hashtag to buy the product being offered. Instead, they will click on a “buy” button inside the Twitter message.

In manifesto  ABVP stakes claim to FYUP rollback  praises CentreABVP students release the organisation’s manifesto on Monday. (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:47 am
Months after the scrapping of the four-year undergraduate course (FYUP), students’ organisations are still banking on the anti-FYUP struggle, claiming credit for its rollback.  The right-wing Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) on Monday released its manifesto for Delhi University Students’ Union (DUSU) polls which claimed that their “struggle forced the autocratic DU administration to roll back FYUP”.
During DUSU polls last year, the ABVP had managed to win three of the four posts in the students’ union. Since the rollback was carried out when ABVP members were at the helm of the students’ union, the students’ group has made the issue the main thrust of this year’s campaigning. Pamphlets and manifestos published by the students’ group say, “We made a promise, we have fulfilled it — FYUP was removed”.
The document also carry collages of photographs from the anti-FYUP protests led by ABVP activists. “ABVP and DUSU fought against the four-Year undergraduate programme (FYUP) this entire year and got it rolled back. Sixteen cases were filed against ABVP and DUSU office bearers by the DU administration to crush our movement, but we succeeded,” the manifesto reads.
“For the first time in the history of the university, we were able to mobilise the entire student population and get FYUP rolled back by constantly appealing to the new government at the Centre — all in the interest of the students. In the coming year, many new issues need to be addressed. We appeal to the students to vote us to power again, so that we can take this student activism drive forward,” Saket Bahuguna, ABVP Delhi state secretary, said.
Student leaders of the party continued to beat the FYUP trumpet, taking full credit for the rollback. “Congress was around for 16 years in the university. But didn’t manage to do anything. In one year, we have managed to rollback FYUP and finally enable students’ voices to be heard. It is shameful how these parties are now scrambling for credit that is rightfully ours,” Ashutosh, ABVP’s joint secretary candidate, said.
One of the issues raised by the ABVP in their manifesto includes the concerns of the BTech students who had taken admission under FYUP.
“We want justice for BTech students and ensure AICTE approval for the course immediately,” Bahuguna said.

New green mantra: Fast-track nod but strict pollution checkPrint
Written by Amitabh Sinha | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:45 am
The NDA government’s mantra as it prepares to usher in a new environmental regime in the country seems to be two-pronged — to make it easier for industries to set up new facilities but difficult for them to pollute.
As one decision is unveiled after another, it is becoming increasingly clear that the government is working on a two-pronged strategy to change the existing norms of environmental governance. It is willing to relax norms, ease restrictions and even amend laws to ensure that environmental procedures do not become a hindrance to greater and faster industrialisation. At the same time, it is giving indications that industries will have to submit to higher level of environmental integrity and strictly comply with pollution standards.
This may be radically different from the existing regiment in which clearances of industrial projects are marked by uncertainty, arbitrariness and even allegations of rent-seeking. But once the clearance is obtained, there is little follow-up, oversight or monitoring to check whether these industries are adhering to prescribed environmental standards.
The new two-pronged approach is likely to satisfy the industry but environment campaigners are not impressed. “First of all, there is no evidence to show that strict compliance is being ensured, while it is very clear that rules are being relaxed, standards are being lowered. But even if the compliance is tightened, it does not compensate the damage done by an unsustainable project. These are two different things. A project that will cause more damage than it is worth is not going to become beneficial just because compliance becomes strict. One does not balance the other out. This is a very misleading argument,” said Shankar Gopalakrishnan, secretary of Campaign for Survival and Dignity, a platform for NGOs working for rights of tribals and forest dwellers.
Nonetheless, the decisions and utterances of this government clearly point towards a movement towards such an approach. A series of relatively medium-impact decisions by the MoEF suggest that it is in favour of easing at least some of the regulatory norms in a bid to help faster industrial growth (see box). Last week, it formed a four-member committee, under former Cabinet Secretary T S R Subramanian, to review five major green laws in order to “bring them in line with current requirements to meet objectives”, an euphemism that can be easily interpreted to mean greater flexibility in laws to allow faster industrialisation. In addition, the project appraisal and clearance processes are also sought to be made time bound.
There have been fewer decisions on the other side, to show that the government is serious about imposing higher standards of environment protection, though Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar has said on record that pollution standards would be upgraded for every industry. These have already been done for the cement industry.
The movement towards creation of an independent environment regulator, even though forced down the neck by a directive of the Supreme Court, can be seen as an important step. A massive infusion of resources, manpower, and expertise is required to make the proposed continued…

US wealth gap unsustainable: Harvard studyPrint
Reuters | Boston | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:45 am
The widening gap between America’s wealthiest and its middle and lower classes is “unsustainable”, but is unlikely to improve any time soon, according to a Harvard Business School (HBS) study.
The study, titled ‘An Economy Doing Half its Job’, said American companies — particularly big ones — were showing some signs of recovering their competitive edge on the world stage since the financial crisis, but that workers would likely keep struggling to demand better pay and benefits.
“We argue that such a divergence is unsustainable,” according to the report, which was based on a survey of 1,947 of Harvard Business School alumni around the globe, and which highlighted problems with the US education system, transport infrastructure, and the effectiveness of the political system.
Some 47 per cent of respondents in the survey said that over the next three years they expected US companies to be both less competitive internationally and less able to pay higher wages and benefits, versus 33 per cent who thought the opposite.
The results marked an improvement from a 2012 Harvard Business School survey of its alumni showing 58 per cent of respondents expecting a decline in US competitiveness, according to the survey.
But Harvard wrote, respondents of the 2014 survey “were much more hopeful about the future competitive success of America’s firms than they were about the future pay of America’s workers.”
Harvard called on corporate leaders to help solve America’s wealth gap by working to buttress the kindergarten-to-12th-grade education system, skills-training programs, and transportation infrastructure, among other things.
“Shortsighted executives may be satisfied with an American economy whose firms win in global markets without lifting US living standards. But any leader with a long view understands that business has a profound stake in the prosperity of the average American,” according to the report.

Drop in crude prices  fund inflows push markets to new highsPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:41 am
Domestic markets on Monday surged over 1 per cent amid heavy capital inflows, expectations of further improvement in key economic indicators and a sharp decline in global crude oil prices. The 30-share BSE Sensex jumped 293 points to end at 27,319.85 and the NSE Nifty gained 87.05 points to close at 8,173.90.
While foreign institutional investors pumped in a net of Rs 1,162 crore into Indian equities on Monday, crude prices softened further with Brent Crude dipping below the $100-per-barrel-mark for the first time in 14 months on Monday. This is expected to help the Central government and the Reserve Bank of India to rein in fiscal deficit and inflation.
Dipen Shah, Head – Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities, said, “Optimism on growth continued to push up markets. The sentiment remained positive despite the fact that European markets opened in the red during the day. Several mid-caps found buyers and outperformed the broader indices. Easing of geo-political tensions in Russia and Ukraine led to Brent crude price going below the $100 mark and that also helped sentiments.”
The mid-cap and small-cap indices closed with a gain of 1.29 per cent and 2.11 per cent, respectively. Barring consumer durables, which closed down around 0.22 per cent, all other sectors ended in the green.
Re hits one-month high on market rally
MUMBAI: The rupee on Monday closed at over one-month high of 60.29 per dollar, its highest level since July 30. The stock market rally and the fall in oil prices boosted the currency. The rupee is expected to trade in the 58-62 range supported by softening of global oil prices and curbs on gold imports, a Bank of America Merrill Lynch said in a note. ENS

Ganesh visarjan throws traffic out of gear in cityA procession heads to the Yamuna for Ganesh visarjan on Monday. (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:40 am
Traffic was thrown out of gear on Monday as hundreds of devotees headed to the Yamuna to immerse idols of Ganesha on the eve of Ganpati Visarjan. Even though traffic police issued an advisory, many were stranded on road for over four hours.
Massive traffic snarls were reported from arterial roads including the Ring Road and intersections of Central, East and North Delhi.
The worst affected areas were Nizammuddin, Ashram Chowk, Vikas Marg, Laxmi Nagar, ITO, Shaheen Bagh, Kalindi Kunj, Paharganj, Sikandra Road and Kashmere Gate.
Police said even though extra traffic personnel had been deployed to regulate the traffic, people who got down from trucks carrying Ganesha idols blocked entire carriageways in East Delhi.
“The people taking out processions blocked the carriageway, leaving no space for other vehicles. The devotees started to move towards the Yamuna bank on foot. We had to disperse the crowd to resume traffic flow, but it took a lot of time,” an officer said.
Police also had to divert traffic going to Noida through DND flyway and Sarai Kale Khan-Ashram route and through NH-24 to Ring Road.
According to police, there were more than 2,000 trucks carrying idols. The main ghats where the devotees gathered were Nigambodh Ghat, Geeta Colony Ghat, Kudasia Ghat and Chhath Visarjan Ghat.
“The number of trucks were much more than what we expected. More than 20,000 people came out during the evening to go to the ghats. The traffic situation became worse as it was a working day. During the evening peak hour, it became difficult to manage the vehicles. The traffic situation resumed around 9 pm,” the officer said.

FinMin to Moodys: Will meet fiscal deficit targetPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:38 am
Seeking an upgrade in the country’s sovereign rating, the finance ministry on Monday assured international rating agency Moody’s that the government is taking steps to keep the fiscal deficit under check.
“We presented our case. Growth is coming back … They have concerns about fiscal deficit. We explained that we will be able to maintain target,” said finance secretary Arvind Mayaram after a meeting with officials from Moody’s.
Pointing out that the Budget has given an impetus to growth, Mayaram said that revenue buoyancy was good. “Even multilateral agencies like IMF and the World Bank are optimistic about India’s growth prospects,” he said. India is rated as “Baa3” — the lowest investment-grade, with a “stable” outlook by Moody’s that “reflects high domestic savings and adequate forex reserves and the challenges posed by large fiscal deficits and recurrent inflation.”

Sitharaman: Centre working on a comprehensive IPR policyPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:36 am
The government on Monday said that it will frame a policy on intellectual property rights (IPR) within a few months to further strengthen the country’s patent regime and deal with issues raised by developed countries.
Several nations, including the US, have raised the efficacy of India’s intellectual property rights regime.
Showcasing the government’s achievements in the three months it has been in office, commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman said, “India does not have an IPR policy. This is the first time we are coming out with an IPR policy. IPR policy issues have been hanging for quite a long time”.
She added that the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) will also set up a think tank on IPR to deal with the issues being raised by developed nations and protect interest of India on IPR-related matters.
“It will give direction in terms of protecting IPR of India on which several issues are there. With the US we have (certain) issues … India has become a brand in terms of pharma … We are very strong in IPR and we certainly want to protect our interest,” she said adding that the think tank, comprising experts, will constantly update the government on developments in the international IPR provisions along with concerns regarding the country’s policy.
The US has been raising red flags on India’s IPR regime, mainly in the pharmaceuticals and the solar sectors. India has maintained that its IPR regime is fully compliant with WTO laws and it will not take part in any unilateral investigations by the US on the matter.

Why India is losing its undergrad students to US  UK | Startups help students headed abroadWhy Indians are increasingly looking to study in US, UK at undergraduate level
Rica Bhattacharyya & Anumeha Chaturvedi, ET Bureau Sep 9, 2014, 01.33AM IST
Tags:
Delhi University
(An increasing number of…)
MUMBAI|NEW DELHI: A few months ago, Rimi Khanna (name changed), studying Maths honours at Sri Venkateswara College, Delhi, approached CollegeCore Education for guidance for transfer to a US college.
"She did not find her course engaging enough. Nor did she like the crowd," says Urvashi Malik, founder and managing director at education services firm CollegeCore Education. Rajat Agarwal from Calcutta wanted admission into St Xavier's College. However, the high cutoff could only fetch him a berth in B-grade colleges, which he was not willing to enter. Finally, Agarwal got admission into University of Warwick in the UK, which was willing to provide him a berth with their cut-off of around 85%-86%, lower than the 92%-93% or even 100% required to get into the top league Indian colleges, says Rohan Ganeriwala, co-founder at Collegify, an admission consultant.
Like Khanna and Agarwal, an increasing number of students from India are looking at options to study abroad at the undergraduate level, pushed by the difficulty of getting admission into a good college due to high cut off marks, limited number of seats in the general category, lack of flexibility in the courses offered and quality concerns.
"More and more Indian students are finding value in a global degree. Earlier what was mostly seen at the post graduate level is now shifting to the undergraduate level," says Malik.
This year, she says, she has to close registrations in a few days' time, whereas in other years it would continue till October. SAT, the standardised test widely used for college admissions in the US, witnessed the highest growth in volumes from India in the last administration cycle (October-December 2013 and January, May and June 2014).
"With over 24,000 tests being taken (including SAT and subject tests), this translates into roughly 26% growth from the previous administration cycle," says Lisa Jain, country representative — India, The College Board.
Adding to this is the confusion over four-year undergraduate programme in colleges under Delhi University, which was introduced last year and scrapped this year after a diktat from the UGC. The tussle between the UGC and DU also led to admissions being put on hold.
"Nearly two-thirds of every class from good schools in Delhi are going in for overseas admissions. This wasn't the case in the past," says Malik. She says people from Delhi schools, who cannot get admission due to the high cut-offs, would now rather go abroad than to cities like Pune, Bangalore and Mumbai. An increase in cost of education abroad -- with dollar prices and fees going up - has not really affected the number of students going to study abroad. Some of the popular destinations include the US, UK, Singapore, Canada and Australia.
The estimated cost of studying at a private university in the US at the undergraduate level will be around Rs 35-40 lakh per year, which amounts to about Rs 80 lakh to Rs 1.5 crore for a four- year undergraduate course.
"There is a very unusual hike this year compared with the previous years... We can easily put this estimate to around 25% year-on-year increments," says Jatin Bhandari, CEO and co-founder PythaGurus, an admission consultant. He says the number of applications to the US has gone up at the cost of UK and Australia applications, due to the relatively friendly immigration system in US.
Aradhana Khaitan Mahna, co-founder and managing director of Manya Education, the master franchise for Princeton Review in India says the recent years has also seen an increase in the number of students applying to countries like Singapore and New Zealand.Rising middle class income levels, greater risk-taking ability, easing of the job markets outside, and overseas education being viewed as a status symbol are the other reasons.
Some of the popular universities that Indian students are targeting at the undergraduate level include Princeton University, Yale University, University of Virginia, University of Pennsylvania, London School of Economics, Harvard University, Brown University, Warwick, New York University, MIT and Berkeley. Students who are not satisfied with the quality of education in India are even willing to take a oneyear gap before they get into a college abroad.
  Salil Singh, secured admission into Hindu College as well as Cornell University last year, although he did not manage to get a full scholarship. So he studied in India for a year, applied again this year and got into Brown University with a full scholarship. "He thought he deserved better," says Ganeriwala of Collegify, where Sahil had gone for guidance for overseas admission.
Also, universities abroad give more flexibility in combining subjects. For instance, a person studying physics can combine it with music. "The subject choices abroad are meant to grow your worldview," says Ganeriwala.

Homeland Security head Johnson: ‘Worst is over for now’ on border crisisBy David Nakamura September 8 Follow @davidnakamura
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Monday that the "worst is over for now" in the immigration crisis along the southern border as the number of unaccompanied children apprehended entering the United States illegally dropped in August to its lowest level in 1 1/2 years.
A total of 3,141 children were detained by Border Patrol agents last month, well below the peak of more than 10,000 in each of May and June, when the unprecedented influx prompted President Obama to declare a humanitarian crisis. It continued a steady decline over the past two months, as administration officials have stepped up efforts to stem the flow of unauthorized immigrants from Central America and Mexico.
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson during a press conference June 30 in Edinburg, Texas. (AP Photo/The Monitor, Nathan Lambrecht)
Johnson said the Obama administration is asking Congress for $1.2 billion in fiscal 2015, which begins Oct. 1, to deal with the more than 132,000 immigrants who have already crossed the border illegally over the past year -- most of whom remain in the United States awaiting deportation hearings. The administration has begun deporting adults, but the unaccompanied minors have greater protections under U.S. immigration laws and court hearings are backlogged significantly.
Obama had asked Congress for $3.7 billion in emergency funding to care for the immigrants and speed up their deportations by adding more immigration judges. But Congress adjourned for a five-week summer recess last month without approving additional resources.
The number of immigrant who attempt to enter the United States illegally has traditionally dropped in the summer months, in part due to high temperatures, but administration officials expressed cautious optimism that the government's increased efforts -- including pressure on foreign governments and advertising in Central American countries -- had helped stem the flow.
"Though the worst is over for now," Johnson said in a statement, "there are still bills to be paid and our border security efforts must be sustained to prevent another spike like we saw this year."
 

In New Hampshire  voters will have the chance to vote ‘human’By Jaime Fuller September 8 Follow @j_fuller
One hundred and fifty years ago, President Abraham Lincoln promised that "government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth." On Sept. 9, the New Hampshire resident formerly known as David Montenegro is going to see how far he can stretch a synonym.
In New Hampshire's Democratic primary, "human" will challenge incumbent state Rep. Rose Marie Rogers in Strafford County's 22nd District.
Source: New Hampshire Secretary of State
According to a local news broadcast  on WMUR-TV , Montenegro changed his name in September 2013, "partly because it's a zen thing," and because "he sees himself as an advocate for people's rights."
He told the Concord Monitor last April , "There seems to be a perception among certain government officials that I advocate for civil rights to create a name for myself, or to grandstand or showboat. In fact, what I am ... is a human being looking out for the rights of other human beings. Changing my name to human is a way to show what I really stand for.”
This is not the first time that human has made a splash in New Hampshire politics. He sued the New Hampshire Department of Motor Vehicles when they denied his application for a "COPSLIE" license plate. He later applied for vanity plates that read, “GOVTSUX,” “GOVTLAZ” and “GR8GOVT.” Only the last was approved, and he accused the government of abusing his First Amendment rights. This July, the state Supreme Court sided with human , who represented himself. The court said that the existing law, which banned plates that a “reasonable person would find offensive to good taste" was too vague.
Other plates that had been spiked along with human's included "A55MAN," "BIGTACO" and "BOO-B,"  according to the Associated Press's reporting on the case. Plates that passed inspection included "A55-MAN."
The inspiration for the "COPSLIE" plate was human's previous run-ins with the law. In 2008, he was arrested for resisting arrest after refusing to move an information booth he set up on the sidewalks of Dover. Later that year, human (then known as Montenegro) started the Seacoast Liberty Police Anti-corruption Campaign, or SEAL PAC. Seacoast Liberty, the organization that houses human's effort, was started by Ron Paul supporters after his 2008 presidential primary loss. Their Web site notes that "losing active liberty advocates to the cyber graveyard would not bode well for the liberty cause."
In 2010, Montenegro petitioned to have the location of city surveillance cameras in Dover revealed, as part of the "Right to Know" law. He was denied, took the case to court, and lost.
In June 2014, human entered the state House race in Rochester . Like all of human's attempts to engage in politics, it was not without complication. Although his legal name is human, the candidate had written "HUMAN" on his statement of candidacy. The Ballot Law Commission decided unanimously in late August that he would appear as "human" on the ballot. The New Hampshire Union Leader reported:
Deputy Secretary of State David Scanlan said to allow the candidate to use all uppercase letters would give his name more prominence than his primary opponent’s and would set a precedent. What if a person’s name is Winston, Scanlan asked, and he wants it to appear WINSton? ...
Montenegro claimed having his name appear as “human” on the ballot amounted to discrimination and violated his equal protection and open election rights under the state and federal constitutions.
Casey Conley, a reporter at Foster's Daily Democrat, said that the media hasn't seen much campaigning from human. He didn't respond to their newspaper's candidate questionnaire, and the city seems absent of any yard signs supporting him. However, New Hampshire state representative races are also exceptionally low-key affairs. Conley wrote in an e-mail, "Many serious candidates don't raise more than $500 or $1,000 (if they raise anything at all), and most don't seek endorsements or spend much money." New Hampshire is a small state to begin with, and the statehouse has 400 seats. The Democratic primaries are a bit of a snooze compared to the Republican ones (hello, Senate primary), so Conley "wouldn't be surprised if only a few hundred ballots are cast in the race."
A win for human could happen. However, Rogers, who is 87 and has not responded to a request for comment, has served five terms, so name recognition seems likely to win out over noun recognition.
human has also been unable to do much campaigning, as the legal battle over how he would appear on the ballot has taken up much of his time lately. On top of that, he has been unable to obtain access to voter rolls. He's tried to call ActBlue, a fundraising platform for Democrats, but they haven't answered his emails or phone calls.
"It's just been roadblock after roadblock after roadblock," human says. He suspects that his anti-corruption campaign explains the silence from Democrats. "They might find it a threat to the status quo."
When New Hampshire votes on Tuesday, however, he will be out at polling places with supporters and signs, putting in a last-minute attempt to win over the few people in Rochester who are inspired to vote.
His opponent hasn't done much campaigning either; as he notes, "She's an octogenarian, she isn't about to go knock on doors." This race would appear next to a dictionary definition of "sleepy election," if it wasn't for the local interest over his name, and his recent political past.
If he doesn't win on Tuesday, human says he plans to run as a write-in candidate in November. "I'm not going to let them bully me out of office."
This post has been updated.
Jaime Fuller reports on national politics for "The Fix" and Post Politics. She worked previously as an associate editor at the American Prospect, a political magazine based in Washington, D.C.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410206003/1410206003000/1410206003 tracking: {authors=Jaime Fuller, blog_name=the-fix, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=in-new-hampshire-voters-will-have-the-chance-to-vote-human, post_id=110030, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 7:53:23 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 7:53:23 PM

Energy weighs on Dow  S&P  but Nasdaq ends upWall Street opens flat after worst drop in a month
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Reuters
Financial Markets
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened little changed on Monday, with investors finding few incentives to jump back into the market even after a recent string of declines that included its worst drop since Aug. 5 in the previous session.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 4.65 points or 0.03 percent, to 17,018.52, the S&P 500 gained 1.39 points or 0.07 percent, to 1,989.83 and the Nasdaq Composite added 3.12 points or 0.07 percent, to 4,555.41.

Finance ministry pitches for ratings upgrade by Moody sThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

india on cloud nine: surpasses switzerland to become 9th most valued market globallyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Airtel sells 3 500 towers to Eaton in AfricaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Over Rs 3 000 crore PE investments stuck in legal battlesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

EU delays entry into force of Russia sanctions to assess ceasefireThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Confidence rises and complacency fades© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5aafcd86-377a-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Discuss options with lender to avoid foreclosure0
On the other hand, if you are in financial trouble, you should immediately talk with a financial counselor. Numerous federal and state programs are available to assist homeowners who want to stay in their home but for many reasons cannot make the monthly payments. You should also talk to a high-ranking officer in your lender's institution.
While the bank is threatening foreclosure, it has been my experience that most banks really don't want to foreclose; often, they get stuck with the property and have to maintain it and pay the real estate tax as well as the home insurance premiums. I know, of course, that there are still a lot of foreclosures out there, but you may be able to persuade your lender to work out a better deal with you.
You should also find out what protections there are in your state when faced with foreclosure. Many states have made it very difficult, and time consuming, for a lender to foreclose, requiring such things are mediation or providing the borrower with alternatives to consider.
In the final analysis, you might want to consider filing for bankruptcy protection, which, if done right, will give you time to get back on your feet.
Q: My daughter's car was damaged by a falling tree in a park owned by her town. Is the town liable for the damage? She was legally parked on the street next to the park.
A: I cannot give you specific legal advice because state law differs on the question of tree liability. But from the cases I have seen — and have actually successfully represented a car owner with a similar situation — it is the duty of the local government to periodically inspect trees on government property to assure the safety of the public.
But litigating against the government is not easy. In my case, we filed a freedom of information request against the local government, seeking statistics on the number of tree inspections they made on the street where the tree had fallen. I was surprised that this information was even kept, but when we received it, we had proof that the particular tree had not been inspected in over three years. Based on this evidence, we reached an amicable settlement with the local government.
I would retain an attorney in your area, but watch your calendar. There are statutes of limitation in every state, whereby after a period of time, typically but not always three years, if you don't file a lawsuit, you will lose your rights to file any claim for damages.
I assume your daughter filed a timely claim with her insurance company. They may take this over and save you the time, money and headache of having to deal with the problem.
Benny L. Kass is a practicing attorney in Washington and Maryland. No legal relationship is created by this column; mailbag@kmklawyers.com .

A survival guide for fledgling landlords2
A: A lot of people misunderstand their duties and fail as landlords. I don't have nearly the (tenant) problems that I used to have. I used to have to evict people more frequently.
I'd like to think I've learned a few things about screening tenants and working with them. Avoiding an eviction essentially involves dealing with the tenants face to face and maybe trying to figure out what their problems are and what would get them to move out or pay up.
What usually got me into eviction situations was when I'd buy a new property and I'd inherit them. There are way too many landlords who sell their properties because they have one or two tenants that they just can't stand. They've been trying to get them out, and just give up. I buy a property, and then I have to figure out how to make it work.
In the book, I explain that in those most difficult situations, there are various ways to approach it. You can talk with them and try to reach an agreement about moving out. Sometimes I've just paid people to move out if they'll move out quickly.
I use the word "bribery" in the book. It can be an incredibly motivating factor; it appeals to people's greed. And it can be cost-effective, because evictions can be expensive.
Q: But it usually doesn't reach that point. You sometimes resort to humor to inspire the tenant to do the right thing?
A: A long time ago, I saw something in a newspaper where a bill collector was using a cartoon to prod people to pay what they owed.
I thought, that makes good sense — I can translate that into what a landlord might give to a tenant. The tenant might say, "Oh, gosh, I forgot," and then pay with a smile.
In the book, I have 12 drawings that are half-humorous, half-serious, to remind them that their rent hasn't been paid yet and that (the landlord) is going to do something about it unless they pay up.
For example, in one of them, the (cartoon-faced) landlord is on the phone with the tenant, asking, "Should we call you a moving van and start advertising that your place is available? Or are you planning to pay your rent today?"
I use the cartoons sparingly because they might lose their impact.
Q: How do you get good tenants in the first place?
A: One of the things I do is I supply detailed instructions about filling out the rental applications, which explain all the things we're going to attempt to verify, such as credit history and employment, that we'll be talking with their current landlord, and other things.
And I tell them if they have any skeletons in the closet, we'd be happy to talk about them. It puts dishonest tenants on alert.
Of course, you cannot discriminate illegally because of race, national origin, disability or numerous other traits. But you can be discriminating about other things, such as whether they smoke or they have pets or have a poor history as a tenant.
I developed a scoring system that lists conditions, such as their FICO score, how long they've been with the same job, whether they've been evicted, and other considerations, all of which add or subtract points from their score. They'd need at least 90 points to be acceptable. Eighty to 89 points is marginal. Below 80 is unacceptable.
That's for me — other landlords would adjust the points for what they think is important. And you have to be consistent in how you apply them — be methodical, not arbitrary.
Q: Who's cut out to be a landlord and who isn't?
A: I think the key is to learn to use common sense and to learn to be flexible. If your attitude is, it's my way or the highway, that's not going to get you anywhere, because the tenant is going to say, all right then, I'm going to oppose everything you say.
You won't make it if you're too rigid. Or if you're too laid-back — you can't just let things sit; you have to keep on top of (problems), because every day they're not paying is costing you money.

Attention: Denise Ching  UICDenise Ching, director of UIC's Illinois Small Business Development Center, on focusing attention, delegating.
Denise Ching, director of UIC's Illinois Small Business Development Center, on focusing attention, delegating.

How new developments affect your condo association0
An association is still entitled to lease the unit for 13 months. If the assessment delinquency owed by the subject unit has not reached a zero balance after 13 months and the lease needs to be extended beyond 13 months to pay off the assessment balance, then the association must seek approval from the court.
Rule amended on leasing. The Common Interest Community Association Act was amended to require an owner to provide a copy of a lease of his or her unit to the community association unless otherwise provided in the association's governing documents. This will be effective Jan. 1.
Foreclosures and unpaid assessments. On Aug. 12, the Illinois Appellate Court affirmed the trial court's ruling in 1010 Lake Shore Association v. Deutsche Bank National Trust Co., 2014 IL App. (1st) 130962. The decision held that if a buyer of a foreclosed condominium unit does not pay the assessments starting the first day of the month after the foreclosure sale, as required by Section 9(g) of the Condominium Act, the condo association's statutory lien against the unit is not extinguished and the buyer is responsible for all assessments owed by the previous owner.
While the court's opinion is not clear as to when payment is deemed timely or untimely, it is incumbent upon management and the board to send the purchaser of a foreclosed unit timely monthly assessment invoices providing them an opportunity to pay current assessments. If the new owner fails to pay the assessments in a timely manner, the association is entitled to collect its entire assessment lien against the condominium unit from the new purchaser.
It is recommended that management and a condo board obtain legal advice after a foreclosure to ensure the association collects the maximum amount of delinquent assessments allowed under the law.

Cloud adoption key for business transformationAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Stretched valuationsAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Letters to the editor: To catch a thiefAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Editorial: Vaccine of valueAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

U.S. Launches New Airstrikes Against ISISU.S. Launches Airstrikes Around Iraq's Haditha Dam
 | By                                                                LOLITA C. BALDOR
reddit
TBILISI, Georgia (AP) — The U.S. military said Sunday it launched airstrikes around Haditha Dam in western Iraq, targeting Islamic State insurgents there for the first time in a move to prevent the group from capturing the vital dam.
The strikes represented a broadening of the U.S. campaign against the Islamic State militants, moving the military operations closer to the border of Syria, where the group also has been operating.
Speaking in Georgia where he's meeting with government and defense officials, U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said that if the dam were to fall into the militant's hands "or if that dam would be destroyed, the damage that that would cause would be very significant and it would put a significant additional and big risk into the mix in Iraq" including U.S. interests there.
At the same time, however, Hagel rejected the suggestion that the Haditha strikes opened up a new front in the war against the Islamic State group or that it represented an escalation of the U.S. military operations. He spoke at a press conference with Georgia Defense Minister Irakli Alasania.
Alasania, meanwhile, said Georgia expects to provide some assistance in the campaign against the Islamic State, saying that training and carrying out military exercises with the Iraqi forces are "things that come to our mind." He said Georgia can play a supporting role and there are plans to discuss the matter further.
U.S. officials said that while the Anbar Province dam remains in control of the Iraqis, the U.S. offensive was an effort to beat back militants who have been trying to take over key dams across the country, including the Haditha complex. Hagel said the Iraqi government had asked the U.S. to launch the airstrikes and that Iraqi forces on the ground conceived the operation.
Anbar has for some time been a contested region between Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants backed by allied Sunni tribes. The situation deteriorated significantly in late December, and the militants took over parts of Ramadi and Fallujah.
The Iraqi government and allied tribes launched an offensive on Jan. 26 to wrest control of the cities back from the militants and sporadic clashes have continued around Fallujah and in some parts of Ramadi, with only limited success by Iraqi security forces. U.S. airstrikes could greatly boost their hand now.
"The dam is a critically important facility for Iraq," Hagel said, adding that the U.S. is continuing to explore all options for expanding the battle against the Islamic State into Syria.
Hagel spoke after a meeting with Alasania, the first of several sessions with government leaders. His visit comes on the heels of the two-day NATO summit in Wales.
"We conducted these strikes to prevent terrorists from further threatening the security of the dam, which remains under control of Iraqi Security Forces, with support from Sunni tribes," Pentagon Press Secretary Rear Admiral John Kirby said in a statement.
The dam is a major source of water and electrical power.
The military said a mix of fighter and bomber aircraft conducted four airstrikes, destroying five Islamic State Humvees, another armed vehicle, a checkpoint and damaged a militant bunker. The U.S. aircraft safely exited the strike area.
"We will continue to conduct operations as needed in support of the Iraqi Security Forces and the Sunni tribes, working with those forces securing Haditha Dam," Kirby said.
Last month Islamic State fighters were battling to capture the Haditha Dam, which has six power generators located alongside Iraq's second-largest reservoir. But, despite their attacks, Iraqi forces there backed up by local Sunni tribes have been able to hold them off.
The group was able to take control of the Mosul Dam in northern Iraq last month, but persistent U.S. airstrikes dislodged the militants. And while fighters have been trying to take it back, the U.S. has continued to use strikes to keep them at bay.
The military said Sunday it had also launched a fresh air attack against militants near the Mosul Dam.
U.S. officials have expressed concerns that militants could flood Baghdad and other large swaths of the country if they control the dams.  It also would give the group control over electricity, which they could use to strengthen their control over residents.
Earlier this year, the group gained control of the Fallujah Dam on the Euphrates River and the militants used it as a weapon, opening it to flood downriver when government forces moved in on the city.
Water is a precious commodity in Iraq, a largely desert country of 32.5 million people. The decline of water levels in the Euphrates over recent years has led to electricity shortages in towns south of Baghdad, where steam-powered generators depend entirely on water levels.
On Friday and Saturday, the U.S. used a mix of attack aircraft, fighter jets and drones to conduct two airstrikes around Irbil. The strikes hit trucks and armored vehicles. Those operations brought the total number of airstrikes to 133 since early August.
The airstrikes are aimed at protecting U.S. personnel and facilities, as well protecting critical infrastructure and aiding refugees fleeing the militants.
More:

Attractive risk-rewardAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Nifty hits record high above 8 150; BSE Sensex surpasses all-time highAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Building a giant Rocket bets big on new online marketsAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Chiquita Postpones Meeting on Fyffes to OctoberAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Global Cash to Buy Multimedia Games for $1.2BAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

The ALS ice bucket challenge was driven primarily by brosBy Caitlin Dewey September 8 Follow @caitlindewey
(Nielsen)
Weeks have passed, the #icebucket hashtag has descended steadily from its Aug. 21 peak, and public concern for ALS has faded into the background — just as scores of cynics predicted it would.
But as the ALS Association ponders what to do with its $108 million haul — and as other charities and causes continue scrambling for a social media fundraising miracle of their own — plenty of bemused observers are wondering how, exactly, this particular trend became so overwhelmingly, stupidly viral.
At last, we have an answer: Bros .
According to Nielsen , the same research company that produces TV ratings, the overwhelming majority of people watching the ALS videos were men between the ages of 18 and 50. And people who participated in the challenge, Nielsen found, were dramatically more likely to also watch fantasy football. And hockey. And golf.
“Who really drove the buzz for this ALS cause?” Nielsen wrote in a summary of its findings. “Ultimately, it wasn’t exactly ‘everyone’ who helped donate the tens of millions that went to ALS research, but rather young, sporty males.”
That makes sense, given both the meme’s origins — a number of pro athletes and coaches took up the challenge first — and its emphasis on personal call-outs and social reinforcement, things that young, team-playing gentlemen presumably value. It’s also a major win for lax bros and frat boys everywhere, since society frequently associates them with… well, nothing good .
Per Nielsen, the ice bucket challenge logged more than 22.5 million social media mentions between July 1 and Aug. 31. No word, alas, on how many of those views came from preps, plastics, burnouts, band geeks or girls who eat their feelings .
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410187042/1410187042000/1410187042 tracking: {authors=Caitlin Dewey, blog_name=the-intersect, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=the-als-ice-bucket-challenge-was-driven-primarily-by-bros, post_id=2867, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 2:37:22 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 2:37:22 PM

Glum and Glummer: Democrats (and Voters) Keep Overlooking Jobless Householdsreddit
Every month for the last six years, I've published an analysis of America's Real Unemployment crisis, which includes several groups of unemployed American workers that the official Bureau of Labor Statistics unemployment rate does not factor in. We now know that in August, the Real Unemployment Rate decreased by 0.2 percent to 12.0 percent, while the official Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) unemployment rate decreased to 6.1 percent (from 6.2 percent).
This six percentage point difference is much more than just different number crunching -- the real differences are striking and sobering.
Since 1947, the BLS has counted for its monthly official public report only those persons who are actively looking for employment. It does not include therein the 2.1 million workers who, while wanting and available for jobs, have not searched for work in the past four weeks but who have searched for work in the past twelve months, nor does it include the 7.3 million workers who work part-time only because they're unable to find full-time jobs or they've had their hours cut back. These two groups combined -- 9.4 million workers in total -- are roughly equivalent in size to the population of North Carolina.
Adding in BLS's unemployment figure of 9.6 million, the number of Real Unemployed Persons now stands at 19.0 million (roughly equivalent to the population of Florida), which does not even include the 4.2 million workers who, while also saying they want jobs, have, mostly out of frustration, not looked for work in the past twelve months.
How can we look into the eyes of these unemployed workers -- or ourselves in the mirror -- without acknowledging our failure to address this crisis? Don't we have a moral obligation to our fellow Americans who had nothing to with creating this ongoing jobs crisis?
They're not to blame for the failed subprime mortgages, credit default swaps and collateralized debt obligations. They're not the ones who callously shipped millions of American jobs to China and elsewhere. And the argument that they lack sufficient training is false and a very cruel claim.
Just as outrageous are the incessant demands for more austerity measures. With roughly one in seven American workers sidelined in our economy, we simply cannot cut our way to prosperity. In the face of persistently high real unemployment, we need economic policies which promote growth, enhance skills and give the unemployed their own shot at the American Dream.
From a political standpoint, it's no wonder three quarters of Americans now think that as a nation we're headed in the wrong direction. They disapprove of the job Congress is doing, they disapprove of the job the Republican leadership is doing and they hold the budget-cutting measures of the Tea Party in the lowest possible esteem.
Abraham Lincoln quipped that, "You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you cannot fool all of the people all of the time." His once Grand Old Party is trying desperately today to prove Honest Abe wrong.
Across this nation, many Democratic candidates and their campaigns have the sense that they are about to be beaten. And in truth, at least today, virtually every political pundit, electoral model and poll has them losing majorities in the House and Senate, albeit in each case narrowly.
And "narrowly" is the key word.
If these Democrat candidates would shake off their senses of gloom and doom, they could excite the electorate with the prospects of un-divided government and of real statesmen leading the Senate, the House of Representatives and the National Governors Association.
With just nine weeks to go until the November elections, Democrats need to focus their energies on the nation's 23.2 million Real Unemployed workers. In the 2010 midterm election -- when the Democrats took a "shellacking" -- jobless households made up 30 percent of the actual turnout  and they split 50 percent to 45 percent in favor of Democratic congressional candidates nationwide. This occurred despite the fact that in 2010 too few of the Democratic candidates aggressively sought support from the unemployed and the underemployed.
Now four years later, with the Real Unemployment Rate having improved only slightly, who was most responsible for rejecting every meaningful job growth initiative? Who at the same time ended extended unemployment benefits, obstructed passage of the American Jobs Act and cut food stamps?
The answer is the GOP Establishment led by Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker John Boehner, responding as they always do to the irresponsible Tea Party.
Ironically, there are many more households with unemployed workers in them than there are Tea Party households, especially in some of the most competitive states and congressional districts. Repeating the mistake of 2010 and ignoring this huge block of clearly Democratic leaning voters makes no sense.
At the " Union of Unemployed ," my friend Rick Sloan is doing exactly the right thing. He has recruited over 225,000 Facebook fans, including 50,000 from 100 deeply red Congressional Districts. His efforts are now reaching up to 4.8 million folks per week with aggressive messaging and indisputable facts.
Using animated cartoons, photos and posts, the Union of Unemployed has gone on the offensive. Its star attraction -- "Camo" -- is a political chameleon who says he supports job growth, but who then acts and votes like John Boehner. You can see Camo's first animated cartoon here .
The strong support for the Union of Unemployed shows just how successful the strategy of focusing on the unemployed and the underemployed can be. We already know that each UCubed fan has, on average, a hundred or more friends, and that these friends' reactions to UCubed's campaign are also overwhelmingly positive.
In less than nine weeks we will see if the Real Unemployed either rally to Democratic candidates or Republican candidates, or abstain. But if Mr. Sloan is right, these 23.2 million American workers could alter the course of American history and deliver a resounding rebuke to those who've made them suffer unduly for nearly six long years.
Follow Leo Hindery, Jr. on Twitter: www.twitter.com/leohindery
More:

Leo Burnett parent acquires design firmLeo Burnett adds design and branding company for Coke and Amazon
Chicago ad agency Leo Burnett is adding design and branding company Turner Duckworth to its portfolio.
Publicis Groupe, the agency’s Paris-based parent company, announced the acquisition Monday, bringing the firm’s iconic designs, top clients and branding expertise into the fold. The purchase price was not disclosed. 
Founded in 1992, Turner Duckworth designs visual identities and packaging for consumer brands such as Coca-Cola, Amazon, Visa, Samsung and Metallica, among others. The company has 70 employees between its London and San Francisco offices.
“We have already collaborated with Leo Burnett on work for both Coca-Cola and Samsung, so we know it’s a great fit, and that clients are hungry for seamless creativity from their agencies. This partnership will enable us to deliver that,” David Turner, joint CEO and CCO of Turner Duckworth, said in a statement.
The agency will continue to operate under the name Turner Duckworth and will retain its existing management team and structure. 
rchannick@tribune.com

WARNING: Olive Garden Is Offering Infinite Pasta For 7 Weeksreddit
UPDATE: 4:45 p.m. -- Olive Garden announced on its website late Monday that the restaurant chain sold out of all 1,000 of its Never Ending Pasta Passes within two hours of the promotion’s 3 p.m. EST starting time.
According to Business Insider, the site began crashing as soon as the passes went on sale , which led people on the Internet to do what people on the Internet do: GET REALLY MAD.
"Olive Garden just lost my business," one customer vowed after the passes for unlimited pasta ran out. pic.twitter.com/6R6h5xMOyn
— Kim Bhasin (@KimBhasin) September 8, 2014
It also appears some of the people who successfully obtained the passes immediately put them up on eBay . And yes, people are actually bidding more than the original $100 for the right to one.
If you’re upset you missed out on the deal, you can rest assured: Olive Garden plans on giving out more passes in the future.
---
Previously: You can stop that summer diet immediately: swimsuit season is over and Olive Garden is offering unlimited pasta for seven whole weeks.
Starting Monday at 3 p.m. EST, the Italian food chain will start selling its new “Never Ending Pasta Pass,” an unprecedented marketing ploy that may help ensure America’s obesity rate never plummets: for $100, customers can order unlimited pasta dishes and unlimited Coca-Cola drinks for nearly two months.
Imagine slurping down endless fettuccine drenched in thick Alfredo sauce, or twirling strands of angel hair topped with shrimp scampi fritta as you laugh to yourself, "I'll have what I'm having."
You'll have to act fast: only 1,000 of the passes will be sold before the promotion begins on September 22.
This is what one looks like:
— Hayley Peterson (@hcpeterson) September 8, 2014
Appropriately, the Internet is both disgusted and elated by the new deal:
If you guys need me, I'll be at Olive Garden in a diaper. http://t.co/RQe1AvXrmv
— Ashley Burns (@MayorBurnsy) September 8, 2014
Only $100 for SEVEN WEEKS of all-I-can-eat Olive Garden? Unfortunately, all I can eat of Olive Garden is none. http://t.co/uzIT1W5X5F
— Cody Lee Rhodes (@socialcody) September 8, 2014
Olive Garden is the Jos A Bank of pasta http://t.co/SW2Ig3B4bv
— Arthur Delaney (@ArthurDelaneyHP) September 8, 2014
The deal runs alongside Olive Garden's annual -- yet sadly single-meal -- $9.99 "Never Ending Pasta Bowl" promotion. There's just one caveat, though: you can’t share your Pasta Pass pasta, which seems to directly contradict the restaurant chain's motto, “When you’re here, you’re family.” Families share, Olive Garden!
Executive vice president of marketing Jay Spenchian said in statement that last year the company served more than 13 million bowls of pasta during its usual "Never Ending Pasta Bowl" promotion.
"We're excited to celebrate pasta superfans with our limited edition Pasta Pass, which brings even more value and excitement to our guests' Never Ending Pasta Bowl' experiences," he added.
If pasta isn't your thing, competitor TGI Friday's is running an "Endless Appetizers" promotion -- "for just $10, your choice of appetizer never stops coming," the chain says.
Also on HuffPost:

Google hires top quantum computing expertSeptember 3, 2014 5:37 pm
Google hires leading quantum computing expert
By Sally Davies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/06556900-334f-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

J-K floods: massive rescue ops on  phones down  roads submerged; at least 200 deadPlay Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
“The Indian Army will not move back to the barracks till the last man is brought to safety,” said General Dalbir Singh, chief of the army staff.
 
Video footage shot from army helicopters showed entire villages completely under water while residents were seen waving from rooftops as vehicles and livestock were washed away by the floodwaters.
State-run BSNL launched an operation with the army and air force to re-establish mobile services through satellite network, though officials said it would take more than a week for full restoration.
Read: Govt fights hard to save lives
 
The army headquarters in Delhi used social media to help send messages from anxious people across the country seeking to know about their missing relatives. It forwarded all distress messages received on its website, Facebook page and Twitter handle to a WhatsApp group, that included senior Northern Command officers
 
National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) rescuers received over 450 distress messages through WhatsApp and other social media platforms apart from SMSes about people stranded in submerged areas.
Watch: Monsoon floods kill hundreds in India, Pakistan
"We are not able to communicate with our teams sent on the ground in flood-ravaged areas. We were able to rescue some people after getting these messages. We have asked our commanders and control rooms to streamline these messages," said NDRF chief OP Singh said.
 
Rescue efforts were hampered by rains in Srinagar on Monday. With large swathes of the state cut off, the army distributed 23,000 litres of drinking water, 85 tonnes of medicines and 600 kg of biscuits in flood-affected areas.

New low for Fox & Friends: Joking about Ray Rice elevator assaultBy Erik Wemple September 8 Follow @ErikWemple
In one of today’s top news stories, TMZ has published new and alarming video from the incident in which Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice punched his then-fiancee, Janay Palmer, in an elevator of an Atlantic City hotel. The footage shows Rice striking Palmer, at which point she falls against the elevator’s handrail and then appears to pass out. When the elevator opens, Rice makes a half-hearted effort to clear her from the elevator.
That’s a new angle on this story: Prior to the emergence of the new video, there was less detailed footage from outside the elevator; it showed Rice attempting to drag Palmer from the elevator. Palmer later married Rice.
For his actions, Rice was suspended by the NFL for two weeks. After a grand uproar about mild punishment, the league subsequently upped penalties for domestic violence.
Whatever the appropriateness of Rice’s penalties, the video itself is disturbing in the extreme. It brings domestic violence graphically right onto your computer screen. It shows a woman assaulted, unconscious, defenseless and degraded, lying motionless on a hotel floor while her fiance appears to be little concerned about the situation.
But at least the folks at “Fox & Friends,” easily cable news’s most idiotic program , can mine it for a laugh or two. After running through the details of the assault this morning, co-host Brian Kilmeade joked, “I think the message is, take the stairs.”
Here’s a screengrab that captures the response to Kilmeade’s quip:
Unwilling to be outdone when it comes to laughing about graphic images of domestic violence, co-host Steve Doocy responded, “The message is when you’re in an elevator, there’s a camera.”
Update 2:30 p.m.: The Baltimore Ravens have made an announcement.
The #Ravens have terminated RB Ray Rice’s contract this afternoon.
(H/T Mediaite and SportsGrid )
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410197739/1410197739000/1410197739 tracking: {authors=Erik Wemple, blog_name=erik-wemple, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=new-low-for-fox-friends-joking-about-ray-rice-elevator-assault, post_id=14264, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 5:35:39 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 5:35:39 PM

Israel police bust  messianic  prostitution ringIsrael police bust 'messianic' prostitution ring
AFP
print
Israeli police say they have broken a prostitution ring where Jewish women were brainwashed into having sex with non-Jewish men as a path to religious redemption.
Court documents seen by AFP today show the prime suspect was an eccentric 60-year-old man from Kiryat Arba, a hardline settlement in the southern West Bank.
Police say they arrested a group of eight "messianic" men and women who targeted vulnerable women and "prostituted them under the influence of drugs and alcohol."
They told them that having sex specifically with non-Jews would "save the Jewish people and bring about redemption."
Superintendent Arik Mordechai, who is heading the investigation, told Haaretz newspaper that some 15 women had been recruited, some of whom were believed to be minors.
Their "clients" included Palestinians from the West Bank and foreign workers from Tel Aviv, the newspaper said.
The affair was brought to the attention of police by Lehava, an extremist Israeli group which fights against intermarriage.
Lehava leader Bentzi Gopstein told AFP the prostitution ring was operational for six to seven years and involved "four or five women."
He said the ringleaders had exploited the women's gullibility.

A Miami patient has tested negative for EbolaBy Abby Phillip September 8 Follow @abbydphillip
This photo provided by the CDC shows an Ebola virus. (CDC/Associated Press)
A patient in Miami who was suspected of contracting Ebola has tested negative for the virus, a Florida hospital system said.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will conduct additional testing to confirm the result, a spokesman said on a conference call Monday, but the patient is considered to be a "low risk."
"Last week, a Jackson Health System patient tested negative for the Ebola virus," Matthew Pinzur, a spokesman for the health system said in a statement . "The patient had shown some symptoms associated with the disease and was tested in an abundance of caution. All of our community's precautionary measures were taken, multiple agencies worked effectively in partnership, and we demonstrated that we are ready in the unlikely event that this disease is detected in Miami-Dade County."
No #Ebola at @jacksonhealth . Patient tested negative last week. Every precaution was taken. All agencies worked well in partnership.
— Jackson Miracles (@JacksonMiracles) September 8, 2014
It was just the latest in a series of false alarms in the United States since the Ebola epidemic began to ravage several countries in West Africa. Possible Ebola patients who were tested in New York , California and New Mexico all tested negative for the deadly virus.
And the CDC has received requests for assistance with potential Ebola cases from at least 27 states over the summer, according to ABC News .
So far, there have been no Ebola cases confirmed in the United States, though two American doctors and a North Carolina missionary worker who were infected in Liberia have all returned home for treatment.
The first two infected Americans, missionary worker Nancy Writebol and Texas doctor Kent Brantly, were released from Emory University Hospital last month. The third,
Richard Sacra, a missionary doctor , arrived at the Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha last week and is receiving treatment in the hospital's Biocontainment Patient Care Unit.
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national/health-science, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410200952/1410200952000/1410200952 tracking: {authors=Abby Phillip, blog_name=to-your-health, content_category=National/health-science, in_url_headline=a-miami-patient-has-tested-negative-for-ebola, post_id=4821, section={section=national/health-science, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 6:29:12 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 6:29:12 PM

Google considers creating child accountsAugust 19, 2014 12:54 pm
Google considers creating child accounts
By Murad Ahmed, European Technology Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/578f9e72-2791-11e4-ae44-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jung will invite BJP to form govt  Centre likely to tell SC todayJung will invite BJP to form Delhi govt, Centre likely to tell SC today
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 09, 2014
First Published: 00:02 IST(9/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:02 IST(9/9/2014)
Comments
Will Delhi go for another round of elections or get a BJP government? The answer may come Tuesday when the Supreme Court hears the Centre’s response to a petition calling for an end to the political deadlock in the Capital.
The government is likely to tell the court that Delhi’s lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung would invite the largest party — the BJP — to form the government.
Read: BJP divided: Some feel atmosphere not conducive to form govt
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) had on February 24 moved the court, challenging the imposition of the President’s rule. The party, which opted out after ruling Delhi for barely 49 days, has demanded that the assembly be dissolved and elections called. Hearing the petition on August 5, the court gave the Centre five weeks to reply.
Read: Kejri claims poaching bid, BJP asks leader to explain
AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal addresses a press conference in New Delhi on Monday. (PTI Photo)
According to sources, the BJP will form the government if it manages to get the numbers or Delhi may go to the polls early next year.
The effective strength of the 70-member Delhi assembly has been reduced to 67 after three BJP MLAs were elected to the Lok Sabha. The BJP and ally Shiromani Akali Dal now have 29 MLAs, AAP 28 and the Congress has eight. The Janata Dal (U) has one and there is an Independent member as well. The BJP needs 34 MLAs to come to power.
HT poll: 68% say L-G should call for fresh assembly polls in Delhi
Saying MLAs couldn’t sit idle and draw salaries from taxpayers’ money, a constitution bench headed by justice HL Dattu had on August 5 questioned the Centre’s move to keep the assembly in suspended animation and asked it to either ensure an alternative government or dissolve the House.
“You are paying tax-payers’ money to elected law-makers. I’m a citizen of Delhi. I want them to serve me. Take a decision at the earliest,” justice Dattu, who will take over as the Chief Justice of India on September 28, had said.
Jung, who runs Delhi on behalf of the Centre, had on September 4 given a report to home minister Rajnath Singh on options available to end the six-month long impasse. Arvind Kejriwal had resigned as chief minister on February 14 after the assembly failed to take up a bill for setting up of the anti-corruption watchdog the lokpal.

How many police shootings a year No one knowsBy Wesley Lowery September 8 Follow @WesleyLowery
People march in Washington on Sept. 6 to protest the killing of Michael Brown. (Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images)
A summer of high-profile police shootings, most notably t he Aug. 9 shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo., has rekindled a decades-long debate over law enforcement’s use of lethal force .
Police unions and some law-and-order conservatives insist that shootings by officers are rare and even more rarely unjustified. Civil rights groups and some on the left have just as quickly prescribed racial motives to the shootings, declaring that black and brown men are being “executed” by officers.
And, like all previous incarnations of the clash over police force, the debate remains absent access to a crucial, fundamental fact.
Criminal justice experts note that, while the federal government and national research groups keep scads of data and statistics— on topics ranging from how many people were victims of unprovoked shark attacks (53 in 2013) to the number of hogs and pigs living on farms in the U.S. (upwards of 64,000,000 according to 2010 numbers) — there is no reliable national data on how many people are shot by police officers each year.
The government does, however, keep a database of how many officers are killed in the line of duty. In 2012, the most recent year for which FBI data is available, it was 48 – 44 of them killed with firearms.
But how many people in the United States were shot, or killed, by law enforcement officers during that year? No one knows.
Officials with the Justice Department keep no comprehensive database or record of police shootings, instead allowing the nation’s more than 17,000 law enforcement agencies to self-report officer-involved shootings as part of the FBI’s annual data on “justifiable homicides” by law enforcement.
That number – which only includes self-reported information from about 750 law enforcement agencies – hovers around 400 “justifiable homicides” by police officers each year. The DOJ’s Bureau of Justice Statistics also tracks “arrest-related deaths.” But the department stopped releasing those numbers after 2009, because, like the FBI data, they were widely regarded as unreliable.
“What’s there is crappy data,” said David A. Klinger, a former police officer and criminal justice professor at the University of Missouri who studies police use of force.
Several independent trackers, primarily journalists and academics who study criminal justice, insist the accurate number of people shot and killed by police officers each year is consistently upwards of 1,000 each year.
“The FBI’s justifiable homicides and the estimates from (arrest-related deaths) both have significant limitations in terms of coverage and reliability that are primarily due to agency participation and measurement issues,” said Michael Planty, one of the Justice Department’s chief statisticians, in an email.
Even less data exists for officer-involved shootings that do not result in fatalities.
“We do not have information at the national level for police shootings that result in non-fatal injury or no injury to a civilian,” Planty said.
Comprehensive statistics on officer-involved shootings are also not kept by any of the nation’s leading gun violence and police research groups and think tanks.
In fact, prior to the Brown’s shooting, the only person attempting to keep track of the number of police shootings was D. Brian Burghart, the editor and publisher of the 29,000-circulation Reno News & Review, who launched his “Fatal Encounters” project in 2012.
“Don’t you find it spookey? This is information, this is the government’s job,” Burghart said. “One of the government’s major jobs is to protect us. How can it protect us if it doesn’t know what the best practices are? If it doesn’t know if one local department is killing people at a higher rate than others? When it can’t make decisions based on real numbers to come up with best practices? That to me is an abdication of responsibilities.”
Burghart has enlisted a team of volunteers to search news clips as well as file records requests for data, with the goal of collecting a database that will chronicle several years-worth of police shootings.
As of September 1, according to Burghart’s estimates, 83 other people had been killed by police officers in the United States since Michael Brown’s death.
Law enforcement watchdog groups and think tanks say that the lack of comprehensive data on police shootings hampers the ability of departments to develop best practices and cut down on unnecessary shootings.
The way we improve practices is to take information about what’s happening in the field to make those improvements,” said Chuck Wexler, executive director of the Police Executive Research Forum, a nonpartisan think tank in D.C. that produces reports on police tactics. “The more we know about (the number of officer-involved shootings) the better off we’ll be.”
Other than basic statistical analysis, Wexler said, a comprehensive database of police shootings would allow departments to better analyze when officers are drawing and using their guns – potentially leading to policy changes that could save lives.
He noted a shift in policy by the New York Police Department in 1972, in which the department instructed its officers to no longer shoot at moving vehicles.
“When they made that change the number of NYPD shootings plummeted,” he said.
James O. Pasco, the national executive director of the Fraternal Order of Police, believes that an accurate database would require Congress to pass a law requiring police departments to report their shooting data to a federal agency, presumably the FBI.
“Otherwise it’s an unfunded mandate,” Pasco said. “About 80 percent of police departments have fewer than 10 officers. They don’t have huge data collecting operations. They don’t even have a single person in some of these departments who are dedicated to all the statistical work they have to do now.”
Pasco said he doesn’t know what the union’s position would be on a legal requirement to report shootings and the result of shooting investigations.
“It would depend on what the law looked like,” he said. “Clearly, if it’s just a function of collecting the data, I can’t see that we would have a problem with that. Our issues are with due process for officers.”
The most detailed analysis of police shootings to date was conducted by Jim Fisher, a former FBI agent and criminal justice professor who now authors true crime books.
“I was rather surprised to find there are no statistics,” Fisher said. “The answer to me is pretty obvious: the government just doesn’t want us to know how many people are shot by the police every year.”
In 2011, he scoured the Internet several times a day every day, compiling a database of every officer-involved shooting he could find. Ultimately, he tracked 1,146 shootings by police officers, 607 of them fatal shootings.
“I was surprised at how many shootings, a reasonable person would conclude, were unnecessary,” Fisher said.
Earlier this year, the Gawker Media-owned sports Web site Deadspin launched a project to crowd-source a definitive list of police shootings by analyzing local media reports – a system modelled off of Fisher’s 2011 effort.
“Having that data would be extremely helpful, in more ways than one,” said Adolphus M. Pruitt, president of the St. Louis chapter of the NAACP, who has been one of those most vocal about allegations of police brutality in light of Brown’s shooting. “We track everything. There is no reason in the world for us to not be able to know just how many people the police are shooting in any given year.”
In the absence of reliable data, the FBI’s “justifiable homicides” statistics continues to be widely cited in academic studies, media reports, and other examinations of the use of lethal force by law enforcement despite being decried as unreliable by officials inside the Justice Department and other officials outside of the government.
As they do, criminal justice experts note that even compiling accurate numbers of people shot and killed by the police would be just a start.
“Every study that I’m aware of shows that most of the people who are shot by the cops survive and most of the time when cops shoot the bullets don’t hit,” said Klinger, who will soon publish a new study analyzing police shootings in St. Louis.
That study, prepared with several other academics, found that there were 230 instances in the City of St. Louis between 2003 and 2012 when officers fired their weapons. Only 37 of those fired upon were killed.
“If your statistics look just at dead bodies you’d be under-counting it by 85 percent,” Klinger said. “If the cops are shooting, we need to now when they are shooting, not just when they kill somebody with the bullets.”
Kimberly Kindy contributed to this report.
Wesley Lowery covers Capitol Hill for The Fix and Post Politics.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410204175/1410204175000/1410204175 tracking: {authors=Wesley Lowery, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=how-many-police-shootings-a-year-no-one-knows, post_id=11170, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 7:22:55 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 7:22:55 PM

Violence — and nonchalance — in shocking Ray Rice videoBy Mary C. Curtis September 8 Follow @mcurtisnc3
In this May 23, 2014, file photo, Janay Rice, left, looks on as her husband, Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice, speaks to the media during a news conference in Owings Mills, Md. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky, File)
Ray Rice looks so casual. After he hits Janay Palmer, his then-fiancée, now wife, the Baltimore Ravens running back stands over her, and when the elevator door in the Atlantic City casino opens, he drags her limp body halfway out, walks back and forth, then stands around, even chatting with people who come along. He doesn’t seem shocked. He doesn’t check to see how she is. It takes a passer-by to comfort the still-groggy, disheveled Palmer.
TMZ on Monday released more of the video that the public only saw a fraction of in February. It graphically shows the argument, the punch, the fall and the scene outside the elevator – nonchalance from Rice that is almost as sickening as the violence. Now anyone can view the beginning, the middle and what the NFL hoped would be the end of a controversy that is only heating up.
The Ravens have terminated Rice’s contract . What else could the team do? In his media remarks scheduled for Monday night,  Ravens coach John Harbaugh certainly won’t echo his July comments that “there are many sides to every story.” The team is already being criticized for waiting until the video surfaced to take decisive action.
Shortly after the Ravens cut Rice, the NFL announced that it had suspended him indefinitely. The league took sustained and widespread criticism for a puny, two-game suspension for Rice in July. Commissioner Roger Goodell subsequently apologized and reconsidered his actions; he announced more severe punishment for domestic violence offenses — six games for the first and a possible ban for a second offense — and said he “didn’t get it right” in Rice’s case.
With the release of the new video, Goodell’s response looks even more craven. He and the league have been asked if they saw or were aware of the complete video before the suspension. “We requested from law enforcement any and all information about the incident, including the video from inside the elevator,” the league’s lawyerly statement said. “That video was not made available to us and no one in our office has seen it until today.” With the level of trust most have in the league, you can be sure that will be questioned and investigated.
It’s not exactly the publicity the NFL wants at the beginning of football season, when its gladiators take the field for a more controlled form of combat. The league has been trying to win more female fans – this video won’t make any of those cute ads with women wearing shaped-to-fit team gear.
It was possible for some fans to line up and cheer for their favorite teams, and have a “show’s over, let’s move on” attitude when they knew just a little about what happened that night in Atlantic City and ignored the rest. They chose instead to concentrate on the apologies, the news conference with Rice and his wife sitting far apart but side by side, he pledging to be a better father to their young daughter, “a better husband, a better role model,” and his wife deeply regretting “the role that I played in the incident that night,” a jarring note the team repeated on social media, showing just how much the Ravens did not get it.
At Ravens practice in July, Rice was given a standing ovation and cheered when his image flashed on the big screen. Will fans still cheer? Football’s most devoted followers have shown a great capacity for compartmentalization, enjoying this most popular of spectator sports as past stars struggle with long-term effects of concussions and young stars, such as Rice, act Sunday game violence off the field against far weaker opponents.
That there seemed to be more controversy – and time served – when Michael Vick admitted to abusing dogs is not that surprising. This year, a report from the Black Women’s Roundtable showed black women making progress in business, education and political clout but vulnerable to health problems and violence. It said “black women are especially likely to be a victim of violence in America. In fact, no woman is more likely to be murdered in America today than a Black woman. No woman is more likely to be raped than a Black woman.” What happens next in Rice’s case might show just how much black women are valued.
Of course, although no one knows what goes on in any relationship, viewers can’t help wondering what is going on in Janay Rice’s mind as she watches endless replays of her body being dragged and ignored by the man she has promised to love and cherish, the father of her daughter, who will one day be asking her parents to explain the video that lives on. Ray and Janay Rice have said that they are moving on, with personal and professional counseling to confront what happened and to make sure it never happens again.
But on that night, it seemed that an unconcerned Ray Rice had already moved on after an act of violence, leaving his love sprawled in a hotel hallway with only a passer-by, maybe a stranger, to care. Now that he’s become the video picture of an abuser, he’s lost his job. I wonder, does he care now?
 
Mary C. Curtis is an award-winning multimedia journalist in Charlotte, N.C. She has worked at The New York Times, Charlotte Observer and as national correspondent for Politics Daily.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410203071/1410203071000/1410203071 tracking: {authors=Mary C. Curtis, blog_name=she-the-people, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=violence-and-nonchalance-in-shocking-ray-rice-video, post_id=25929, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 7:04:31 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 7:04:31 PM

Slump in Energy Stocks Pulls US Indexes LowerAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Prankster drafts funny alert  dreading first snow in Calgary— Chris Hadfield (@Cmdr_Hadfield) September 8, 2014
And the snow has apparently arrived:
Calgary in late summer. Good snowman-making snow. pic.twitter.com/JkjSYIydzR
Related: Here’s what summer snow looks like (Calgary Herald)
Canadians seem to frequently use humor to ease the pain of their long, brutal winters. See this video of a Canadian couple rejoicing over a forecast for 1 degree C late last winter: Humor: Canadians celebrate forecast of 1 degree C (VIDEO)
UPDATE, 5:12 p.m.:  Dennis Mersereau, weather blogger at The Vane and occasional CWG contributor, has discovered the originator of this message is Paul Fairie , a political scientist based in Calgary .
Related:
Alaska National Weather Service office begs “please pay us” in secret message
Jason Samenow is the Capital Weather Gang's chief meteorologist and serves as the Washington Post's Weather Editor.  He earned BA and MS degrees in atmospheric science  from the University of Virginia and University of Wisconsin-Madison.

Live video feed of the Ninth Circuit oral argument on same-sex marriageBy Dale Carpenter September 8
You can watch it at this link . It was supposed to start at 1 p.m. Pacific (4 p.m. Eastern), but the judges are running on California time.
Dale Carpenter is the Distinguished University Teaching Professor and Earl R. Larson Professor of Civil Rights & Civil Liberties Law at the University of Minnesota Law School. He teaches and writes in the areas of constitutional law; the freedoms of speech, association, and religion; and sexual orientation and the law.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410207002/1410207002000/1410207002 tracking: {authors=Dale Carpenter, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=live-video-feed-of-the-ninth-circuit-oral-argument-on-same-sex-marriage, post_id=13033, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 8:10:02 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 8:10:02 PM

Vishal Sikka thinks up new design for employeesAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Manipuri woman stabbed in Dwarka  cops say not racial attackPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:15 am
A 30-year-old Manipuri woman was stabbed several times by two men in Dwarka’s Sector-22 on Monday night. The woman, a former marketing head at a construction company but now unemployed, was walking home from the market when the incident happened.
According to police, Silvia Vaiphei was walking home around 8.30 pm when her attackers whipped out knives and stabbed her repeatedly. “The men stabbed her on the neck and left leg. What saved her was an approaching car. Seeing the vehicle, the assailants fled. The woman was rushed to Artemis Hospital by local residents. Her condition is stable,” a senior police officer said.
Late in the night, police recorded a detailed statement of the woman, in which she alleged that one of the assailants was a former colleague who had been harassing her for a long time. “She said she had a long-standing enmity with one of the assailants, who she identified. When asked if it was a love affair gone wrong, she denied it. She denied any kind of personal association with the assailant. She also said they used to work together at a private firm in Gurgaon,” a police officer investigating the case said.
Based on her statement, police have registered a case of attempt to murder at Dwarka’s Sector-23 police station and have launched a hunt for the assailants.
“It is not a case of hate crime. The woman said she had a long-standing dispute with one of the assailants. We have got the details of the accused from her. She identified him and gave us his address. We will also contact the firm where Silvia used to work, if need be. We have registered a case and are investigating the matter,” the officer said.

Bihar Dalit woman accuses husband of forcing her to convertPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:15 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 8:12 am
A Dalit woman in Bihar’s Sitamarhi district has alleged that her husband was “forcibly” converted to Islam a fortnight ago, and now she and her teenage daughter were being pressured by him to change their faith — a charge dismissed by the police, who have booked the man and six others only under the SC/ST Act for harassing the complainant.
The Dalits of Rampur Khurd village, however, have resisted the attempts by a few local Muslims to “convert the woman”, who is now not allowing her husband to stay with her.
According to Pupri sub-divisional police officer Motiur Rahman, Yasoda Devi “had been against her husband converting to Islam and did not want to live with him”. The official also asserted the man — Ramkishore Ram who now calls himself Mohammed Abdullah Shekh — “willingly converted” to Islam and that there was no case of “forcible conversion”.
Talking to reporters, Yasoda Devi said that her husband, who had been barely earning Rs 200 per day, around 20 days ago gave her Rs 20,000, saying it was his “accumulated earning”. “I have strong suspicion that my husband was offered the money by someone to convert to Islam. He was converted a fortnight ago and came home wearing kurta, lungi and a skull cap. He calls himself Mohammed Abdullah Shekh now,” she said, alleging that her husband was now forcing her and their teenage daughter to convert.
Rampur Khurd village has mixed population of Hindus and Muslims. The village has a sizeable population of scheduled caste Ravidas to which Yasoda Devi belongs to.
The police official, however, told The Indian Express that it was not a fit case to book the accused under IPC sections of 153 (A) for promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion and 295 A for deliberate and malicious acts, intended to outrage religious feelings. No arrest has been made so far.

President calls for fight against female illiteracyPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:13 am
Pointing out that gender disparity in literacy was a challenge, President Pranab Mukherjee on Monday pitched for steps to fight illiteracy among women and girls, besides asserting that India’s objective should not be only to bring “the literacy rate on a par with the world average but to the levels attained by leading societies.”
Speaking on the occasion of International Literacy Day, the President said, “Today, more than 67 years after our Independence, where are we? The literacy rate has increased by four times from 1 per cent in 1951 to about 74 per cent in 2011. Despite this, our literacy level is below the world average of 84 per cent.”
On female literacy, Mukherjee said the government would seek to reduce the gender gap from 16 to 10 percentage points, even as the country has set a target of 80 per cent literacy by the end of the 12th Plan.
“Gender disparity in literacy is another important challenge. As we have been told, male and female literacy rates are 80.89 and 64.64 percent respectively. We need to do much better… I was glad to note that the National Literacy Mission has enhanced its focus on female literacy,” he said.

Make stand on booth-wise counting clear: SC to govtPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:11 am
The Supreme Court Monday asked the Election Commission (EC) as to what prevents it from declaring the poll results for the entire constituency as a whole instead of counting of votes on a booth-wise basis.
A bench led by Chief Justice of India R M Lodha sought a reply from the EC after observing that prima facie there appeared to be no impediment in the conduct of election rules against the poll panel’s mandate to do away with booth-wise or ward-wise counting.
It also criticised the Centre for sleeping over the matter and not taking a decision on the EC’s request in 2008 to amend the pertinent rules so as to allow declaration of constituency-wise result.
The bench said that counting of votes on a booth-wise basis could result in a “post-election vindictive approach” of the winning candidates towards the people in the areas who did not vote for him or her.
It also questioned as to why the Centre has referred the issue to the Law Commission when the EC, the expert body on the matter, had already taken a view. “Law Commission has nothing to do in this issue. We must know what is your response.You can’t keep the matter pending by putting it on the shoulder of Law Commission,” said the court, asking the Centre as well as EC to file their affidavits in four weeks.
The court was hearing a PIL by one Yogesh Gupta, who had asked for stoppage of ward-wise counting of votes on the ground that the declaration of result of every polling booth strikes at the root of right to privacy attached to voting.
He said that the uniform way of declaration of result for the entire constituency as a whole would bring balanced growth and balanced funding and it would also reduce cases fuelled by political vendetta, ill-will and hatred.

Lok Nayak Hospital suspends 9 officials for fraudLok Nayak Hospital (Source: Express archives)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:10 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 2:11 am
Authorities of the Delhi government-run Lok Nayak Hospital (LNH) hsuspended nine officials, including an assistant accounts officer, in a case of financial misappropriation by manipulating the electronic salary pay bills of staff.
The hospital has also lodged an FIR against the 9 officials and two others.
Details of misappropriated funds, other persons involved and methods employed would be established after a through investigation, hospital officials said.
According to sources, the accused tampered with the IT-enabled payment system — the electronic clearing system (ECS) — from the salary account of the hospital. “On receipt of information, an inquiry committee of finance and IT officers was constituted. The preliminary inquiry report reveals a case of misappropriation of funds through ECS transfer from the salary account of LNH,” the health department said in a statement.
“This illegal ECS transfer seems to have been effected by offline manipulation of electronic salary pay bills of staff. The modus operandi indicates the handiwork of persons conversant with the accounting and IT system and use of techniques to manipulate electronic records,” the statement said.
Based on preliminary findings, an FIR was registered against the accused on September 6 by the medical superintendent of the hospital. Assistant accounts officer and eight group-D staff have been placed under suspension and departmental action initiated has been against them, hospital sources said.  Special audit of financial transactions at LNH has been ordered and an external team will carry it out. A security audit of the financial and accounting system by a team of finance and IT experts to strengthen the system is also underway.
The bank accounts of the employees in question have been frozen and process has been initiated for recovery of unauthorised ECS transfers, the hospital statement said.

To plug leakages  Jan Dhan scheme may use NPR dataPrint
Written by Surabhi | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:08 am
The government plans to tap into the biometric database of the National Population Register (NPR) in a dozen states as it tries to improve the efficacy of its new financial inclusion scheme as well as plug leakages in transfer of direct benefits.
“We will be talking to about 12 states to use their NPR database for the Jan Dhan Yojana. The objective is to use biometrics so that we can plug leakages in direct benefit transfers and also improve the spread of the scheme,” said a finance ministry official.
Each of the accounts under the Jan Dhan Yojana is also linked to direct benefit transfer of subsidies and is seeded with the 16 digit Aadhaar number.
However, with just 70 crore enrollments Aadhaar has limited reach in the country. Meanwhile, some states also encourage residents to enroll under the National Population Register of the Registrar General of India.
The issue is understood to have also been discussed at a meeting called by Prime Minister Narendra Modi last Saturday to review the progress under Aadhaar.
Similar to the collection of biometric data on citizens under Aadhaar by the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), the NPR is being implemented by the Registrar General and Census Commissioner of India to create a comprehensive identity database of citizens.
NPR data is being collected in 19 states including Arunachal Pradesh, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Haryana, Assam, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, Madhya Pradesh, Uttarakhand and Chandigarh (UT).

Man arrested for murder of 15-year-oldPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:06 am
Police on Sunday arrested a 30-year-old man for allegedly murdering a 15-year-old after he resisted a sodomy attempt. The matter had was reported on June 8 after the boy’s body was found on the rooftop of a building.
According to police, the accused, Sanjay alias Sahaj Ram, told police during questioning that on June 8, he along with one Lachi Ram, consumed liquor and had dinner with five of their other friends including the boy.
“Later in the night, Sanjay and Lachi Ram tried to sodomise the boy. The boy, however, resisted and a scuffle ensued between the trio.
During the scuffle, the boy sustained a head injury and fractured his skull, which led to his death. When the accused saw that the boy has died, they fled the spot. Before leaving they even stole Rs 6,000 that belonged to the boy,” a police officer said.
The boy’s autopsy revealed that he had died of a head injury, which made police believe that it was a case of accident.
However, on August 24, a reference was received from Ram Gaon police station, the boy’s hometown in Behraich, Uttar Pradesh, which clarified the cause of death as ‘ante-mortem head injury’ in the post-mortem report.
An intense inquiry was launched in this connection and it was learnt that the boy was last seen with Sanjay and Lachi Ram and both of them were absconding from the date of incident.
A team was constituted and Sanjay was arrested. Lachi Ram is still on the run. An investigation in the matter is on, police said.

Benn continues to torment BangladeshWest Indies continued their offensive on the touring Bangladesh as they capitulated to 182 thanks to a fine spell of spin bowling from Benn on Sunday. (Source: Reuters)
Agence-France Presse | Kingstown | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:05 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 12:34 pm
Bangladesh recovered to reach 256 for five on the fourth day of the first Test in St Vincent after being asked to follow-on by West Indies.
The tourists still need 46 more runs to force West Indies to bat again but after being second best for three days they will be encouraged by their rearguard action.
After losing four wickets for 107 runs before lunch the test could have been over on the fourth day but captain Mushfiqur Rahim’s unbeaten 70 and Mahmudullah’s 66 kept Bangladesh’s fight alive.
Their 130-run partnership lasted 50.5 overs and frustrated a West Indies attack buoyed by their early successes.
Kemar Roach had Shamsur Rahman caught behind for four before Imrul Kayes (25) lobbed a gentle catch to cover off Chris Gayle’s off-spin.
Sulieman Benn, who took five wickets as Bangladesh were bowled out for 182 in the first innings, removed Mominul Haque for 12 with wicketkeeper Denesh Ramdin snaffling up an inside edge.
Tamim Iqbal made 53 off 107 balls before he was bowled by a sharply turning delivery from Benn.
The partnership between Mushfiqur and Mahmudullah did not provide gripping viewing but it restored pride for the tourists.
Mahmudullah, however, eventually went when he attempted to drive a Roach delivery outside the off stump that moved into him and he nicked an inside edge that was superbly taken by a diving Ramdin.

The surprising new hot spot for wine: Israel (Ozy.com)Israel: The Land of Milk, Honey and ... Wine?
By Anthea Gerrie
Why you should care
Because we’re ready for a drink.
Israel, the country rich in biblical history and great sushi (Tel Aviv is the world’s second largest consumer after Tokyo). What you may not expect from Israel is award-winning wine to wash down the gourmet cuisine made famous by Yotam Ottolenghi that’s put the country on the world’s culinary map.
The recent surge in interest is in part thanks to international wine guru Robert Parker, to whom a few maverick Israeli winemakers dared present their wines for assessment in 2007. Four achieved a jaw-dropping 93 points (90 or higher is considered a great score), and in the past seven years, 23 wines from Israel have scored 91 points or better from the world’s sternest critic.
Israeli wines are pricey, thanks to limited production, but a more affordable mass-market wine has also won a top international accolade.
They include top Yarden-branded bottles from the Golan Heights Winery, which revolutionized Israel’s wine industry 30 years ago by introducing premium wines to a country whose drinking culture consisted of sweet sacramental drops for Shabbat dinner and Passover.
But Yarden was outscored by Domaine de Castel, run by a self-taught chicken farmer who believed he could grow wine where skeptics said it couldn’t be done. Eli ben Zaken ignored the naysayers and worked the gnarly, hilly terrain outside Jerusalem. Today his flagship Grand Vin, a typical Bordeaux-style blend, is considered one of Israel’s greatest reds, and other winemakers who persisted in the area, notably Flam, Clos de Gat and Ella Valley, have also won top accolades.
Source: Getty
These wines are pricey, thanks to limited production, but one of Israel’s more affordable mass-market wines has also won a top international accolade. Parker’s competitor, the U.S.-based Wine Enthusiast, this year awarded its highest-ever marks for an Israeli wine to the Adama Merlot from Tabor, a young Galilee winery so promising that Coca-Cola bought it out and invested millions to create great vintages at a $20 as well as $50 price point.
Another name worth knowing is Montefiore, a new label from the descendants of the man who first encouraged Jews to plant wine grapes in Israel more than a millennia after the Romans had left — though he didn’t plant any himself. And while Rachel Montefiore concentrates on high-quality table wines that are the first to carry the family label 150 years later, her father, Adam, is wine development director of the Carmel Winery, once known strictly for the sweet sacramental stuff, and its super-premium offshoot, Yatir. Yatir’s Forest is at least the equal of Castel’s Grand Vin, and its Petit Verdot and Cabernet Sauvignon are also winning top marks.
For sushi lovers, however, Le Blanc de Castel, reminiscent of a classic, buttery white Burgundy, or Flam’s outstanding sauvgnon/chardonnay blend would be an ideal accompaniment, ditto the groundbreaking Roussanne from Tabor, a leader in white wine cultivation in a country whose imbibers have long preferred red.
Looking for more than a bottle with dinner in the Jerusalem Hills? Check out the Cramim Resort, Israel’s first wine hotel that features a vinotherapy spa, complete with cab sauv bath or grapeseed scrub between three daily tasting sessions. And if you can’t make the trek to Israel to sample its finest wines, they are available in the United States, Canada, Mexico, most of Europe and even Japan, while in the U.K. several are available on Amazon.
L’Chaim!
Anthea Gerrie is a U.K.-based writer who covers wine, food, travel and design for national and international publications.

Panasonic s new LED TV commits to picture qualityPanasonic AX900 4K LED TV First Impressions Review
The king is dead. Has Panasonic found a worthy successor?
Virginia Barry
September 06, 2014
After retiring from plasma production last year, it's safe to assume Panasonic had more than a few listless TV engineers hanging about in search of something brilliant to create.
Well, that "something" turned out to be the full-array AX900 4K LED LCD TV, which will come to market some time in November, in 55- and 65-inch varieties. So far, pricing remains undisclosed.
We got a chance to go hands-on with the new set at IFA 2014 , and came away with a few early thoughts to share.
The Looks
Classy, understated, high-end design
The AX900 bears a strong family resemblance to the excellent AX800 4K TV , which is positioned just below it in the Panasonic lineup. The primary difference between the two is that the new AX900 is a bit thicker. That's by necessity: It simply has more LEDs to cram behind the screen.
Instead of a prop-style stand with a thin neck, which is what you spot on most televisions, the AX900 has almost no base at all. A single, sleek line traces the underside of the screen and props the TV up in a continuous horizontal swoop. In other words, it looks like a freestanding screen. The approach is exceedingly minimal, though it gives the TV a strangely monolithic look.
The AX900 looks like a freestanding screen.
Discreet, ribbon-thin bezels wrap around the screen, while chrome traces the panel's outermost perimeter. Where some companies have embraced flashy, futuristic , or gaudy designs, Panasonic keeps it classy and understated with the AX900.
The Picture
Full array to win the day
To fully appreciate the AX900, you need to understand that plasma is dead, and a whole host of new technologies are jostling to take its place.
Ultra-high definition LED TVs are everywhere (curved, flat, you name it), and OLED reigns supreme . If you don't buy into OLED tech, you're left with two panel types to choose from: edge-lit LED or full-array backlit LED. Your wallet will be the worse for wear, but we generally recommend the latter category, which Panasonic's AX900 falls into.
If you don't buy into OLED, you're left with two panel types: edge-lit or full-array backlit LED.
Unlike edge-lit panels, which channel light using LEDs that ring the perimeter of the screen, the AX900 is lit by a host of diodes patterned all across its backside. The full array of LEDs is broken into autonomously driven zones, achieving a level of uniformity, precision, and contrast that edge-lit displays struggle to match.
Panasonic's full-array AX900 UHD TV perched high above media heads at IFA 2014.
The 55-inch AX900 sports 32 zones, and the 65-inch version features a whopping 128. A Panasonic product specialist told us that each zone utilizes a five-step granular technique, so that diodes dim and brighten intelligently, avoiding the dreaded haze (or "halo effect") that can bleed from bright subjects into surrounding blacks, and also retaining maximum detail in both light and dark areas.
Unlike other Panasonic TVs, the AX900 also utilizes an IPS (in-plane switching) panel for superior color production, increased response times, and better viewing-angle performance.
Before you knowledgable readers throw your hands up and assume that black level will suffer, hold onto your britches: Since the AX900 has a full-array backlight, Panasonic promises inky shadows and all the benefits that IPS is known for.
The AX900 claims to sync video processing to ambient light levels, optimizing picture quality for your surroundings.
If you're sitting there grumbling inwardly about the fact that Panasonic UHD TVs have been incompatible with 4K Netflix and Amazon streaming, you can rest easy on that score, too. Contacts at Panasonic tell us compatibility is just around the corner.
Even if you don't have native UHD content, the TV packs a built-in proprietary Quad Core Pro5 processor that helps upscale lower-res signals—something Panasonic has excelled at thus far . Also onboard are a DisplayPort 1.2a, USB ports (including 3.0), and four HDMI ports. The television is 3D-capable and ships with two remotes—traditional, plus a voice/touch version.
Finally, the AX900 claims to (optionally) sync video processing to ambient light levels, optimizing picture quality for your surroundings. Naturally, we'll need to try it ourselves to believe it, but we like the sound of this feature.
The Experience
Get ready for your close-up with high-end smart tech.
The AX900 user experience promises premium Panasonic smart features—real grade-A bells and whistles. The most impressive frill might be a SlingBox-style feature called TV Anywhere, which allows you to transfer live TV or recorded programs through cloud to a personal device—even internationally.
Panasonic's intuitive smart platform can also get to know up to six people. Each user creates a profile and logs in before use. A star-rating system helps define each individual taste, and the TV takes notes; eventually, your home screen will populate with recommendations and favorites that make your experience more "you."
The TV comes to life as soon as you enter the room, detecting you via proximity sensors and facial recognition.
And don't worry about logging in: It's as simple as entering a room, thanks to embedded proximity sensors. Once your personal account is set up, the TV comes to life as soon as you stroll into the room, detecting you via facial recognition. Don't worry, roaming house cats and other tail-wagging types won't turn the TV on accidentally, because it knows the difference.
If more than one user enters the room at the same time, the TV analyzes each face and you can simply select the account of your choice.
First Impressions Video
The Bottom Line
A commitment to picture quality, first and foremost
Panasonic generally isn't one to throw glitter in your face or toot its own horn just for show. The venerable brand may have laid its plasma tech to rest last year, but the imminent commercial release of a full-array UHD panel is very serious business indeed. If the new AX900 is anything like the company's mighty champions of old , then Panasonic is poised nicely for the future.
When the AX900 hits shelves it will be one of only two or three full-array UHD TVs on the U.S. market.
After all, when the AX900 hits shelves it will be one of only two or three full-array UHD TVs on the U.S market. We've already reviewed Sony's $8,000 full-array model , and Vizio's value-meets-quality P series should hit the market any day now. There's plenty of room for Panasonic's AX900 to make waves.
The AX900's beautiful show-floor presence and formidable specs spell very positive things for its performance, but we'll of course reserve judgement until we can test this TV in our own lab.
Sony XBR65X950B 65-Inch 4K Ultra HD LED TV
How does this work?
Reviewed.com offers the ability to purchase products through our affiliate programs with retail partners. While we earn a small percentage of the sale, make no mistake that our ethics policy is strongly enforced here, too. You can buy products that have received both positive and negative reviews, because we realize that there's a right product for everyone.
Reviewed.com In Your Inbox

Indiana Duo Accused of Locking Missing Mom in Cage
Scott Brown wants us to discuss whether or not he was a lobbyist. Okay.By Philip Bump September 8 Follow @pbump
Scott Brown and Mitt Romney on July 2. (Jessica Rinaldi/The Boston Globe via Getty Images)
Over the weekend, the campaign of New Hampshire Senate candidate (and former senator) Scott Brown (R) decided to pick a particularly ill-advised fight.
There is a super PAC called Mayday PAC, which has the paradoxical goal of rooting out big money  from our political system. To that end, the PAC has endorsed the long-shot candidacy of Jim Rubens, Brown's opponent who has pledged to back campaign finance reform. Rubens is touted on Mayday mail pieces as a "small business owner and entrepreneur." Brown is described as "Former Washington lobbyist and Massachusetts senator."
Scott Brown asks Lawrence Lessig to cease MayDay PAC ad calling him former "Washington lobbyist." #nhpolitics pic.twitter.com/0r0dMo1808
— Dan Tuohy (@tuohy) September 7, 2014
That's the ill-advised fight Brown decided to pick. His campaign manager, Colin Reed, sent a letter to Mayday PAC's Lawrence Lessig, a professor at Harvard. "Scott Brown is not nor has he ever been a lobbyist. Ever," Reed writes. "We call on you to immediately cease and desist with the mailer in question, and to use one of your various media appearances as a purported authority on ethics to retract your falsehood."
We don't say this is a foolish fight because Reed is wrong; though the matter is not as cut-and-dry as he suggests (more on this — the actual point of this post! — below). It is a foolish fight because Brown is giving free media attention to an organization that barely registers in the public's consciousness. There's not really any chance Rubens will win this week's Republican primary. (In June, Brown outpolled Rubens  10 to 1.) Meaning that all Brown is doing is getting people to spend the last 48 hours before that election talking about whether he is or is not a lobbyist.
Go to Google right now and search for the Streisand Effect . We'll wait.
Anyway, since Brown insists that we debate the question, let's. Has Brown ever been a lobbyist?
In Reed's letter, it's likely that his definition of "lobbyist" overlaps entirely with "lobbyist registered with the federal government." And Brown has never been a lobbyist in the eyes of the federal government, as Daniel Auble, senior researcher for the Center for Responsive Politics  pointed out to The Post. "The three criteria laid out by the Lobby Disclosure Act," Auble said, "are that you are getting paid, contact government officials more than once for the client and spend at least 20 percent of your time working on lobbying related tasks for the client." That is what constitutes a registered lobbyist: Someone who meets those standards and whose activity is reported to the government.
In a blog post replying publicly to Reed, Lessig points to coverage of Brown's hire by lobbying firm Nixon Peabody . That announcement reads, in part: "Given his background in public service at both the national and state levels, Brown will focus his practice on business and governmental affairs as they relate to the financial services industry as well as on commercial real estate matters."
"So yes, according to the Senate, Scott Brown isn’t a 'lobbyist,' " Lessig writes. "But I submit to anyone else in the world, a former Senator joining a 'law and lobbying firm' to help with Wall St's 'business and governmental affairs' is to make him a lobbyist."
"To anyone else in the world" is a broad statement. We asked Ben Zimmer, executive producer of Vocabulary.com and language columnist for the Wall Street Journal, for his assessment of how the word is understood. "It's an interesting case where Congress trying to legislate language and the meaning of words," Zimmer said, adding that "the meaning of words are very slippery things." From the beginning of its usage, there has "always been a general understanding that the role of a lobbyist is to influence legislators." Its application to Brown is "kind of a gray area, obviously," with Zimmer arguing that simply working for the firm not necessarily implying that Brown is doing lobbying.
(Incidentally, the term itself does not originate from men waiting in the lobby of a hotel for President Grant, as legend has it. "There's plenty of evidence that the term predates the Civil War," Zimmer notes, pointing to research conducted by OED contributor Barry Popik . The first mention of "lobby" in the sense we mean dates to 1814 — in Albany, N.Y., not Washington.)
What precisely Brown did at Nixon Peabody isn't clear. If he never spoke with a legislator once, or if he never directed others on their lobbying, it seems clear that he didn't meet either the government's or the popular understanding of what a lobbyist does. But what if he, say, spent 19 percent of his time working legislators or their staff? (As Auble pointed out, Newt Gingrich walked a similar line in 2012, after it was revealed that his firm did work for the lobbying arm of Freddie Mac.) That's the gray area.
The 20 percent rule "provides a lot of leeway for filers," Auble said. To emphasize the point, he pointed to the reaction from the lobbying community after rules around lobbying were tightened. "[I]t seems clear that lobbyists are not fleeing K Street in droves," Auble wrote this year to explain the drop in the number of reported lobbyists, "but rather they are doing similar work for the same companies. Instead of doing it in the public eye, though, they have moved out of sight."
Staying under the minimum percentage is one way, but there are others. The amount of lobbying not captured by official registration was about equal to that which was in 2012, according to analysis from the Sunlight Foundation published last year. "If lobbyists want, they can fully comply with the law and do virtually the same influence-for-pay as strategic policy consultants or historical advisers," the organization's Tim LaPira wrote — "and choose not to disclose."
It's very possible that Reed's letter stipulating that Brown never did any lobbying at all reflects an accurate statement — that Brown never once did anything that, as Zimmer articulates it, would be generally considered lobbying. That's the problem with gray areas: they look either black or white, depending on the light you shine. And unless Brown releases his full work record from Nixon Peabody, we can't know.
We do know why Brown doesn't want to be considered a lobbyist — so much so that he was willing to pick this particularly small-potatoes fight. Last December, Gallup found that Americans listed lobbyists at the very bottom of a list of occupations when measured on trustworthiness. That's two slots lower than car salesmen, the longstanding stereotype of the untrustworthy professional. And it's only one slot below the second-least trustworthy occupation: Congressman.
On the other part of the pejorative description Mayday PAC used in its mailer — that Brown had at one point been a member of Congress — Reed's letter is silent. You pick your battles.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He previously wrote for The Wire, the news blog of The Atlantic magazine. He has contributed to The Daily Beast, The Atlantic, The Daily, and the Huffington Post. Philip is based in New York City.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410208535/1410208535000/1410208535 tracking: {authors=Philip Bump, blog_name=the-fix, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=scott-brown-wants-us-to-discuss-whether-or-not-he-was-a-lobbyist-okay, post_id=110112, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 8:35:35 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 8:35:35 PM

Best selling prices india bulls looks good for massive down fall  lars...Gold Member
27 Followers
Reposted about 1 day 23 hrs 24 min 15 sec ago by narayan_swamy and 2 others
Sell SBI, ICICI, Kotak, and all Banking PSU and Private. The general stock market collapse will be based on Banking and Real Estate, Capital Goods. Sell ONGC, HPCL, BPCL, Jindal Group, Tata Steel, Exit and sell Procter and Gamble, ITC, Hindalco, NTPC, short, sell, exit
The US Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and Federal Reserve last night issued a note warning that eleven banking organisation had failed to show a “strategy for rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure of the company”. The banks include: Bank of America, Bank of New York Mellon, Barclays, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase, Morgan Stanley, State Street Corp, and UBS.
Take Care

Tcs scrip is like a father in the market not only price wise but a ve...Platinum Member
96 Followers
TCS scrip  is like a father in the market not only price wise but a very organised company future belongs to TCS price now will touch 2800 soon and heading towards 3500 to 4000 by this year end.
2.25 AM Sep 9th  | Track

Sell exit short any quantity today`s target 1505 - my target for icici...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

As posted few days back sml had tested the support of 765 and was wait...Gold Member
51 Followers
as posted few days back SML had tested the support of 765 and was waiting to turn around.  tuesday was the first sign of reversal stock is ready to go higher this week. enjoy
In reply to : divinechoice message
2.23 AM Sep 9th

REITs: new kids on investment blockAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Hurdles obstruct US strategy on IsisLast updated: September 7, 2014 6:12 pm
Hurdles obstruct US strategy to counter Isis
By Borzou Daragahi in Cairo
Tactics fail to consider political realities and Isis’s battlefield agility
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/21f0ace8-3669-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Spire developer looks at additional financial backers7
It's the latest chapter in a complicated saga that has had as many twists as the 150-story, Santiago Calatrava-designed residential skyscraper that Kelleher intended to construct at 400 N. Lake Shore Drive.
Under an agreement reached earlier this year by Shelbourne, Atlas and Related Midwest, which bought the debt on the property in 2013, Northbrook-based Atlas was to provide up to $135 million, either from its own funds or from other investors, to pay bankruptcy claims and in return it would become majority owner of the site. Kelleher was to continue guiding the project.
Related Midwest signed off on the settlement agreement because it called for the company, which is constructing residential towers of its own in several parts of Chicago, to receive $109 million-plus by Oct. 31. If Shelbourne opted to defer that payment until March 31, 2015, Related was to receive $22 million by Oct. 31 and more than $92 million by March 31. If those payments weren't made or Shelbourne doesn't move forward with the plan, Related would take title to the  coveted 2.2-acre site.
It was less than two weeks ago that the court set deadlines this fall for creditors to vote or object to the plan.
In its filing, Shelbourne said that Related Midwest had agreed not to oppose a proposed change to the investment plan that is along the lines of what Shelbourne has already shared with the company.
That's largely because the key parts of the settlement - that either has Related getting its money or getting the site- would remain intact.
However, if Atlas is replaced as the financial partner, the proposal now before the court increases the break-up fee that Atlas would be entitled to $7.75 million, $3 million higher than the previously agreed upon amount. According to the filing, Atlas has told Shelbourne it has spent more than $1 million during the past five months tied to the plan.
An attorney for Kelleher did not respond to a request for comment. Related Midwest president Curt Bailey and Atlas CEO Steve Ivankovich declined comment.
If Shelbourne does meet all the deadlines with either Atlas or another entity as a financial partner and pays off all the claims to exit from bankruptcy protection, the company would start yet another search for funding to actually begin a project at the site.
If Shelbourne does meet all the deadlines with either Atlas or another entity as a financial partner and pays off all the claims to exit from bankruptcy protection, the company would start yet another search for funding to actually begin a project at the site.
Kelleher is having success securing funding for some of his other  non-real estate projects. The Irish Independent reported Sunday that a Chinese firm is investing $20.5 million in Lightstream Pictures, where Kelleher is non-executive director.
A hearing to consider Shelbourne's proposed change to the financing plan is set for Wednesday.

Stocks Fall as Oil Price Slump Hits Energy SectorYour age at the time of marriage:
Current combined number of years of post-high school education:
Number of children from this marriage:
How religious are you as a couple from 1 to 10 (with 10 being the Pope):
Combined number of divorces between both of your parents:
Combined number of marriages between you and spouse:
Number of years you want to know if you'll still be married (Will I be married 10 years from now, 20 years from now, etc.)
Related Topics: Good Morning America , Education
Join the Discussion
You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer. Please click here to upgrade your browser in order to comment.

Turn a Conference Room Into a Jam Sessionreddit
A jam session is, by its own definition, an organized mess, unscripted and unsuspecting. It starts somewhere and ends somewhere else. Songs find a groove and a beat and invite their makers to improvise from point a to point b, with as much deviation and derivation as talent allows. Players must always honor the groove and the purpose, but other than that, everyone is on their own.
Jazz is a series of great jam sessions. Or should we say, good jazz is anyway. The better the players, the greater the distance between melody and improvisation, between the established rhythms and their off-beats, between art and its bastard children. Spend a minute with John Coltrane's version of "My Favorite Things" and you'll hear how far away a player can go in pursuit of his distant muse, yet still find his way home. Jam bands like Dave Mathews and Phish follow similar guidelines.
The band members decide on a series of musical journeys they want to take during a concert and then set out to take them. A song that lasts 10 minutes one evening might take 40 minutes another, depending upon who gets inspired by what and for how long he wants the spotlight.
But in all jam sessions, certain principles override: The genius to listen to others while playing your own instrument. The joy of achieving a musical unity, somehow and somewhere down the line. A superior ability to improvise and interpret, on the spot, without much to rely on but instinct. A grasp of the technical skills. All of these concepts work exceptionally well in music, but they will also work in business settings where an executive is trying to get the most from his or her team.
Just like the musicians, top executives will inspire each other, not compete with one another.  Interesting problems will arise so that interesting solutions can also arise. Issues that need discussion can be faced by the whole group -- listening to each other and working together to solve the conundrum. If the forum is created to allow and encourage innovative thinking, the creativity will unspool, and find its rightful place in the room, bringing with it crisp new ideas and myriad possibilities going forward. Just like musicians do, over and over.
Here are some questions to ask before the meeting begins. In these answers is where the executive team will find the direction of that day's jam session.
What Song Are We Playing?
Clearly identify what the point of the meeting is, its purpose and place, and what type of solutions are being sought. Like musicians agreeing on what song they will play, be certain of what you are after and what you want the room to chase. Like  Art Pepper introducing the theme he wanted the rest of the players in his quartet to improvise around, everyone needs to know the tune.
Who Wants to Be the Big Dog?
Who will the first player to show his skills and acumens to the rest of the room? The first presentation should always be handled by the player best suited to this task. Who this is will change depending upon the song and the day and everyone should know that whoever it is, it takes a lot of courage to be first. The band should be looking forward to listening to what he/she is presenting. This individual will step up and set the bar for the rest of the band, being the first to come forward with good ideas, solvable problems, workable innovations, and interesting solutions.
How Much Time Do We Get?
Everyone involved in the meeting should take as much or as little time as they want to take. A good jam establishes its own pace, and operates most successfully without clear lines or boundaries. Everyone with an instrument has a right to take enough time to play and get ideas conceived, performed, explored and finalized. Time is a friend not an enemy. Tempo is a guideline not a restriction.  Other musicians are partners not competitors.  The room is full of teammates who can take the essence of any idea and turn it into a whole new and different direction.
Anyone Up For Trading Fours?
One of the other best moments in a good jam is when the players 'trade' ideas.  Usually this is counted in measures, or bars.   Four bars for one player, then four for another, then back again and back again, until that particular idea is exhausted.  This is a great technique for the conference room where two individuals are back and forth with each other in a quick exchange of exploration and innovation of a particular theme or stream of consciousness.  The bandleader takes the jam there and so should the executive.  Want to change it up and keep the meeting alive and well, start trading fours.
Did You Hear That?
Listening to what the other players come up with in a jam session can be the most important contribution to what any other individual may create, only because in the details of others ideas are the inspirations for everyone else's details.  There are no completely new ideas, so it is in the subtleties that the magic is found, and the only way to be sure to hear them is to be sure to listen to them.  Clive Davis say that he is at his most creative when he LISTENS, not when he speaks and not when he gives direction to the producers and artists making his records.  His inspiration begins when he lets the melodies and lyrics in, and thinks about them and processes them.  Every musician in the room should start with a good long listen to what the other players have to offer, and find a starting point there.
A good jam session brings out the best and the brightness of all the musicians participating, and it should and will bring out the same in the executives and staff sitting in the conference room trying to identify great ideas for your company to use going forward. When in doubt, just jam.
Follow Tom Sturges on Twitter: www.twitter.com/tomsturgesideas
More:

US Air to combine ticket counter with American at O HareAmerican Airlines, US Air to merge ticket counters at O'Hare next week
US Air to move check-in lobby to Terminal 3 at O'Hare
The merger of American Airlines and US Airways will be more visible to Chicagoans next week when US Airways customers will begin checking in at the American Airlines lobby in Terminal 3 at Chicago O’Hare airport.
The change will happen on Tuesday, Sept. 16, a spokeswoman said. The merger between the airlines last December created the world’s largest airline, and they are continuing to integrate.
On July 1, US Airways moved its gate operations and baggage claim into Terminal 3 with American Airlines. But its ticket counters temporarily stayed in Terminal 2. US Airways customers who had to check bags or print boarding passes still did that in Terminal 2, requiring a longer-than-normal walk for passengers to their departure gate.
gkarp@tribune.com

Six in 10 millennials don t have a credit card  study showsSix in 10 millennials don't have a credit card, study shows
Millenials-Credit Cards
American Express and American Express corporate cards are pictured.
American Express and American Express corporate cards are pictured. (MIKE BLAKE, Reuters Photo)
By Becky Yerak, Tribune reporter
Only 40 percent of millennials who have credit cards pay them off monthly, study says
Millennials' credit card shunning could hurt them in the long run
More than six in 10 millennials don’t have a credit card, and only a minority who do have them pay off the entire balance every month, a new study shows.
Bankrate.com, a online publisher of personal finance news, said 63 percent of adults ages 18 to 29 don’t have credit cards.
Millennials, money and marriage
Paul Robins and Bethany Crouch speak with Lynnette Khalfani-Cox, The Money Coach, to find out why Millennials are waiting longer to get married.
Paul Robins and Bethany Crouch speak with Lynnette Khalfani-Cox, The Money Coach, to find out why Millennials are waiting longer to get married.
See more videos
“Millennials may think they’re staying out of financial trouble by forgoing credit cards, but they’re doing a disservice to themselves and their credit scores,” Bankrate.com credit card analyst Jeanine Skowronski said in a statement. “The responsible use of credit cards is one of the easiest ways to build a strong credit score, which is essential for qualifying for insurance policies, auto and mortgage loans, and sometimes even a job.”
Also, only 40 percent of millennials pay their entire balance every month, and 3 percent admit to missing payments completely.
Bankrate.com believes that student-loan debt is making younger consumers wary of carrying credit cards in their wallets. Also, the Credit Card Accountability, Responsibility & Disclosure Act of 2009, called the CARD Act for short, made it harder for Americans under the age of 21 to get credit cards.
Among older adults, about a third have no credit cards, and, among those who have credit cards, more than half pay off the entire balance every month.
The survey was conducted on Bankrate.com’s behalf by Princeton Survey Research Associates, which did land-line and cellphone interviews in English and Spanish with 1,161 U.S. adults from July 31 to Aug. 10. The margin of error is plus or minus 3.3 percentage points.
byerak@tribune.com

Rupee to hold at Rs 58-62: BofAThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Officials say vehicle-to-vehicle communications could reduce crashesLuxury vehicles topped the latest Insurance Institute for Highway Safety ratings for cars with a system that prevents front-end collisions. The insurance industry trade group also said such safety systems work better than first thought at preventing crashes. ( Jerry Hirsch )
Vehicle-to-vehicle communications allow cars to talk to one another, relaying information like speed, position and trajectory. This means that when you're approaching an intersection and there's oncoming traffic, vehicle-to-vehicle (V2V) technologies could judge when it's safe to turn left.
Most drivers probably feel like they don't need this type of help. In the vast majority of cases, turning left might seem like a non-problem. But consider the outlier cases where warnings against turning left too soon would be immensely helpful. Unsafe left turns account for more than seven percent of all car collisions.
That's just one of a number of scenarios that NHTSA is floating in a massive, 300-page report out this week accompanying its plan.
"Adoption of crash avoidance technologies, like electronic stability control, has helped vehicles react to crash-imminent situations," wrote NHTSA, "but has not yet been able to help the driver react ahead of time."
V2V technologies promise to help keep drivers in the loop. Testing is already well underway; in addition to what engineers are calling left-turn assist, or LTA, highway regulators are also confident about a handful of other warning technologies. For instance, regulators may require that your car tell you when someone else is braking hard up ahead. You may not be able to see that person, but thanks to your car's wireless communications with others, you'll be able to avoid a multi-car fender bender. Other potential features are designed to help keep cars from entering occupied lanes, or to prevent unsafe passing.

Doctor With Ebola Better Tolerating TreatmentAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Hertz shares rise as chief departsSeptember 8, 2014 7:29 pm
Hertz shares rise as chief executive departs
By Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9e025dc4-3775-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Campbell Soup and Twitter Are Big Market MoversAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Arnold Schwarzenegger  portrait  California  governor  governatorComments
By Hunter Schwarz September 8
Former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger’s (R) official gubernatorial portrait was unveiled Monday at the State Capitol in Sacramento.
The portrait was painted by Austrian-Irish artist Gottfried Helnwein. Helnwein is known for his stark and dramatic work, including a series on  children in war ,  a watercolor of Adolf Hitler  and some  rather grotesque self-portraits . He also worked with   Marilyn Manson  for the singer’s 2003 Grotesk Burlesk Tour.
Former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger poses next to his gubernatorial portrait. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
The piece was described as a “neo-realist, monochromatic study of the former governor” by Barbara Gasser, an Austrian reporter and member of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association who  spoke with Helnwein.
“Arnold is one of the most remarkable men of our times,” Helnwein  said in a statement . “He is larger than life, he is a myth, and he has already lived several lives that became legend … I was excited an honored when he asked me to paint his official portrait. It was quite a challenge, and I enjoyed every moment of it.”
California Gov. Jerry Brown (center) walks former Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger (R) to the unveiling of Schwarzenegger ‘s official portrait. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
The piece was described as a “neo-realist, monochromatic study of the former governor” by Barbara Gasser, an Austrian reporter and member of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association who  spoke with Helnwein.
“Arnold is one of the most remarkable men of our times,” Helnwein  said in a statement . “He is larger than life, he is a myth, and he has already lived several lives that became legend … I was excited an honored when he asked me to paint his official portrait. It was quite a challenge, and I enjoyed every moment of it.”
Gubernatorial portraits are usually paid for by the taxpayer, but Schwarzenegger paid for his own, according to the Los Angeles Times’ Chris Megerian . Schwarzenegger’s will be displayed on the third floor of the Capitol, next to the one of former governor Gray Davis, the Democrat he replaced in 2003 after the state’s recall election.
@Schwarzenegger portrait will go right here next to Gov. Gray Davis, whom he replaced following recall of 2003. Irony pic.twitter.com/oyuvBzihMo
— Mike Luery (@KCRALuery) September 8, 2014
Also, a reminder: This is current Gov. Jerry Brown’s (D) official portrait from the first time the Democrat was California governor, from 1975-1983:
California Gov. Jerry Brown’s official gubernatorial portrait (via Facebook )
Brown said Monday during the unveiling for Schwarzenegger’s portrait that his father, former California governor Pat Brown (D), told his son after his portrait was unveiled that he’d never be elected to another office again.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410209467/1410209467000/1410209467 tracking: {authors=Hunter Schwarz, blog_name=govbeat, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=arnold-schwarzeneggers-gubernatorial-portrait-was-done-by-a-man-whos-photographed-marilyn-manson-for-his-tour, post_id=15027, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 8:51:07 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 8:51:07 PM

BJPs power hungry face exposed: CongPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:37 am
The Congress on Monday took aim at the BJP, saying the ‘sting’ by the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) had exposed the “power hungry face” of the party. The Congress reiterated its demand for fresh elections.
Despite the BJP’s attempts to form a government, the Congress feels Delhi could be headed for fresh elections in the first quarter of next year and has signalled its state leadership to gear up for polls.
As far as the Congress is concerned, it cannot favour the BJP forming a government neither does it want early elections as the public mood has not yet turned in its favour. “We have no real choice. Our MLAs are not in favour of elections. But a section of the party feels a January-February election is the best bet for us in the given situation,” a senior leader said.
Sources in the Congress said the speculation about the BJP gearing up for forming a government was an attempt to buy time as the Supreme Court is to hear on September 9 an AAP petition on holding of fresh Assembly polls. The party even took potshots at
Lt-Governor Najeeb Jung for exploring the option for government formation when the ground situation has not changed in anyway.
Arguing that there was no change in the ground situation from December and now, Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said the BJP can only form a government engineering “abstentions or defections” and argued “both involve inducements”.
It has to be based on the politics of defection and buying and selling, he said. It is “constitutionally immoral, illegal and morally indefensible” on the part of the BJP, he added and wondered what were the reasons behind “this great desire to form the government now”.
Singhvi also took potshots at the Lt-Governor. “It is a matter of great astonishment, indeed mystery, as to how and why on an admitted prevailing state of affairs for nine or 10 months, with no figure changing or no real change in the ground reality, it has been found necessary and desirable at the level of the constitutional post holder to explore means of forming a government without election,” he said.

At Army hospital  babies dead or savedPrint
Written by Pranav Kulkarni | Srinagar | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:34 am
Among the occupants of the overflowing 92 Base Hospital at Badamibagh cantonment are six infants in incubators between the ages of 4 and 17 days. Seven other children were brought dead by Army rescuers. Javed Bhat’s wife delivered a son five days ago in Sopore.
When the baby did not cry, Bhat took him to G B Pant ICU. Three days later, father and son were isolated on the second floor with the mother still in Sopore, clueless about the boy. “I bought food from outside but the baby wasn’t eating that. He was shivering. Finally, on Sunday, an Army boat rescued us with other parents and their babies,” said Bhat.
“Ten babies died in front of me in the hospital,” said Younis Ahmed, 30, of Sharifabad, whose baby is 10 days old. “The doctors and the staff there would cook and eat on the top floor. They were more bothered about mobile connectivity and their submerged cars.”
Brig N S Lamba, director, 92 Base Hospital, said, “We have a capacity of 600 and at present have 500 patients. This, when our own Army personnel are being treated elsewhere. We expect the number of patients to cross 600. We are facing a major dearth of fresh milk and regenerated food; arrangements are being made”.

Stung  BJP serves showcause on DagarSher Singh Dagar at a press conference on Monday. (Source: Express photo by Prem Nath Pandey)
Written by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:34 am
Embarrassed by the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP)’s purported sting on Delhi BJP vice-president Sher Singh Dagar, the BJP sent him a showcause notice, asking him to explain his actions. Sources said Dagar was likely to be expelled from the party.
The ‘sting’ comes at a time when speculation is rife of the BJP trying to form a government in the capital. The ‘sting’ video was released by AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal at a press conference. Kejriwal claimed the video had caught on tape Dagar offering Rs 4 crore to AAP MLA from Sangam Vihar, Dinesh Mohania, to quit the party. Kejriwal claimed the video was shot at Dagar’s house.
BJP leaders believe the ‘sting’ has hurt the party’s chances, if any, of forming a government.
If the party insists on forming a government, the sting will hurt its credibility among voters, a senior BJP leader said.
So sure was the party of forming a government that former Delhi BJP chief and Rajya Sabha MP Vijay Goel tweeted on Sunday that the BJP was going to form the government. “BJP is set to form its government in Delhi tomorrow,” the tweet says.
On Monday, BJP leaders put up a brave face and went into damage-control mode.
Some party leaders cast doubts on the veracity of the ‘sting’. “We will send the ‘sting’ clip to forensic experts. And one should not forget that the AAP MLA approached the BJP leader. If AAP leaders abuse Kejriwal and tell us that he wants to join the BJP, what can we do? Moreover, we cannot throw out anyone who comes to our house just because he belongs to the opposition party. We are ready for elections anytime. This is clearly an entrapment,” R P Singh, BJP’s national secretary, said.
Dagar, clarifying his stand on the purported sting, said one and a half months ago, the AAP MLA had approached him and showed interest in joining the BJP.
Dagar denied he offered money. “After Narendra Modi’s victory, they wanted to join the party. I told them to resign, which is what the video is showing. I didn’t offer money to the AAP MLA. They came to my house. I did not invite them. If these allegations are proved correct, I will leave politics,” he said in his defence.
Dagar contested from Mehrauli in 2008, but lost by 1,108 votes to Yoganand Shastri.

Deluge of VIP rescue appealsPrint
Written by Praveen Swami | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:33 am
Military and police officials coordinating relief operations say their efforts are being hampered by a deluge of phone calls and messages from influential citizens seeking priority for their loved ones. “I know people are really concerned for their loved ones and can understand their feelings,” a senior New Delhi-based Army official said. “However, our resources aren’t infinite, and diverting resources from an ongoing rescue operation means leaving someone else’s loved ones to their fate.”
The officer said the Army had mainly stonewalled requests for special assistance, but listed the names of six state-level politicians and two New Delhi-based dignitaries who had made calls for help. The bulk of the calls, he said, related to rescue requests for residents of the upmarket Srinagar neighbourhoods of Rajbagh, Jawahar Nagar and Shivpora.
Lieutenant-General D S Hooda, who heads the Army’s northern command, said the Army had allocated resources based on its appraisal of need. “Everyone in a horrible situation like this feels their case is most urgent,” he said, “but we have to work according to a plan.”
Imtiaz Mir, a senior police officer coordinating relief at Srinagar’s police control room had this terse reply for a Delhi-based caller who managed to get through to him on Sunday, seeking assistance for a friend: “I don’t know where my own family is.”
Army sources say much of their rescue effort is taking place in remote areas, out of public sight. In one such operation, ten Gurjjars, including an infant, were rescued by personnel at the High Altitude Warfare School in Sonamarg on September 5. They had strayed into deep jungle at altitude over 3,500 metres and succeeded in making a phone call to the police, who forwarded their message to the Army.
Pressure has also mounted because of social-media rescue efforts. Lists of people awaiting rescue in three Srinagar neighbourhoods have been posted in a Google document, with instructions to also tweet appeals to a Delhi television station. In one message, Saurabh Singh Tomar @s_singh_t said: “Please Help My uncle and aunt is stuck in Indira nagar C10 near MandirThey r dying please help my no-9650391982.”
The officer said: “I hate to say this, but there are hundreds and thousands of people at similar risk right now, scattered across the entire state. We just have to commit resources to everyone, not just the ones who can shout loudest.”

L-G Jung will invite BJP to form Delhi govt  Centre likely to tell SC todayJung will invite BJP to form Delhi govt, Centre likely to tell SC today
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 09, 2014
First Published: 00:02 IST(9/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:02 IST(9/9/2014)
Comments
Will Delhi go for another round of elections or get a BJP government? The answer may come Tuesday when the Supreme Court hears the Centre’s response to a petition calling for an end to the political deadlock in the Capital.
The government is likely to tell the court that Delhi’s lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung would invite the largest party — the BJP — to form the government.
Read: BJP divided: Some feel atmosphere not conducive to form govt
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) had on February 24 moved the court, challenging the imposition of the President’s rule. The party, which opted out after ruling Delhi for barely 49 days, has demanded that the assembly be dissolved and elections called. Hearing the petition on August 5, the court gave the Centre five weeks to reply.
Read: Kejri claims poaching bid, BJP asks leader to explain
AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal addresses a press conference in New Delhi on Monday. (PTI Photo)
According to sources, the BJP will form the government if it manages to get the numbers or Delhi may go to the polls early next year.
The effective strength of the 70-member Delhi assembly has been reduced to 67 after three BJP MLAs were elected to the Lok Sabha. The BJP and ally Shiromani Akali Dal now have 29 MLAs, AAP 28 and the Congress has eight. The Janata Dal (U) has one and there is an Independent member as well. The BJP needs 34 MLAs to come to power.
HT poll: 68% say L-G should call for fresh assembly polls in Delhi
Saying MLAs couldn’t sit idle and draw salaries from taxpayers’ money, a constitution bench headed by justice HL Dattu had on August 5 questioned the Centre’s move to keep the assembly in suspended animation and asked it to either ensure an alternative government or dissolve the House.
“You are paying tax-payers’ money to elected law-makers. I’m a citizen of Delhi. I want them to serve me. Take a decision at the earliest,” justice Dattu, who will take over as the Chief Justice of India on September 28, had said.
Jung, who runs Delhi on behalf of the Centre, had on September 4 given a report to home minister Rajnath Singh on options available to end the six-month long impasse. Arvind Kejriwal had resigned as chief minister on February 14 after the assembly failed to take up a bill for setting up of the anti-corruption watchdog the lokpal.

Sensex to hit 50 000 in 3 yearsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

UPDATE 2-EU delays enforcing new Russia sanctionsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

FCI to invite suggestions for recastThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Error monday was first sign of reversalGold Member
51 Followers
as posted few days back SML had tested the support of 765 and was waiting to turn around.  tuesday was the first sign of reversal stock is ready to go higher this week. enjoy
In reply to : divinechoice message
2.23 AM Sep 9th

Gn dando bro and gm kavi ji:)Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Mr shah  this view has made people short sell rss today and henc...Here it comes nut,
FIS is to pay EUR375 million to acquire Brussels-based payments technology vendor Clear2Pay.
Clear2Pay, which counts 40 of the world`s top 50 banks among its client list, employs over 1200 staff in 23 offices worldwide. The company`s flagship Open Payments Framework offers a suite of re-usable components through which banks can process multiple payments types via a centralised payments engine. The company also boasts a number of other desirable assets in the cards space and in testing.
Rumours of a Clear2Pay sale first surfaced in October last year, when Reuters reported that private equity firm Aquline was looking to dispose of its interests in the company. Founded in 2001, Clear2Pay raised EUR50 million in an investment round led by the New York private equity firm in 2009, from the sale of shares previously held by Belgian VC, GIMV. The transaction gave Aquiline joint control of the company with its management.
FIS says the addition of Clear2Pay will bolster the company`s position in the fast-growing payments segment, which has been identified as a key strategic growth and investment area. The US-based company reported $620 million in revenue and EBITDA of $264 million from payments-related sales in the first quarter.
Gary Norcross, president and chief operating officer of FIS, states: "Many institutions are struggling to adapt to the evolving global payments landscape, inclusive of high-value and cross-currency corporate payments and new channels. This strategic acquisition demonstrates our commitment to delivering the technologies and assets that will enable our clients, especially large and global institutions, to realise a truly modern payments environment that encompasses all customer channels, simplifies payment operations, reduces costs and provides a better customer experience."
Read and find out what you want....it is there...

Gm boarders yd has reached the next important technical level. yd is o...51 Followers
Reposted about 5 days 13 hrs 38 min 20 sec ago by New Boarder
GM boarders. Hope everyone is enjoying the legendary YD bull run. Here we go with the next set of technical analysis.1) Last I had posted 40 to 48 was the resistance zone. YD gave a small correction on 40 levels tested 36 and bounced back. YD gave another sign of correction on 46 but then bounced back with huge volume purchase on same day crossed 48 and reached 50. 2) next resistance zone for YD is 53.40 to 58 levels. 3) remember YD is on a solid bull run based on good fundamentals and technically is going strong so small corrections are to enter. 4) lastly Thanks to all senior boarders for the information they provide on fundamentals. Good luck to all. Further updates on technicals as an when we are closer to important levels.

State Bank of India seeks RBI s permission to launch contact-less debit cardsAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

The Downside to Lower Labor Costs in the Sharing Economyreddit
In this country, we believe in the value of work. Hard work is a prerequisite to economic success, and it is also held up as a virtue in itself. The American ideal is that if you work hard and save then you should be able to pay your bills and take care of yourself and your family. In other words, you should not be poor. The ways in which we organize work, however, may work against that ideal.
Companies like Airbnb, Uber and TaskRabbit are exemplars of the sharing economy. The emphasis is on "sharing" a resource, such as a spare bedroom, a car or some spare time. The owner of the resource can monetize that by "sharing" it, for a fee, with someone who would like a service. The sharers in this scenario are not employees of Airbnb, Uber or TaskRabbit, but are generally described as community members. For many of these sharers, however, this is a critical source of income -- this is not sharing; this is work. Witness the furious competition between Uber and Lyft for drivers and the pricing schemes that are intentionally targeting taxi services to put them out of business, and one can see that these businesses are not facilitating "sharing," they are changing the shape of jobs in which many people earn a living.
This method of organizing work works extremely well in controlling labor costs, since the company doesn't have employees and only owes drivers or workers money after they have performed a profitable service. If someone gets sick in the car and that driver has to spend the rest of the day cleaning the car, that's not Uber's problem. If a task takes longer or is harder than a "tasker" thought it would be, then the tasker doesn't make as much money as they'd hoped, but TaskRabbit still gets its fee. A significant amount of business risk is shifted to the worker, and all the costs of things like benefits or unemployment insurance or workers' compensation are avoided.
This model is good business, and one can see why investors like it. The company only owns and has responsibility for brokering transactions, and collects a fee on each. But the risks associated with illness, injury or just the ups and downs of customer demand are largely borne by workers. Moreover, the online design creates competition among drivers, taskers or hosts for a job, keeping their prices (i.e. wages) low. And this "sharing economy" approach is just the latest innovation in controlling labor costs, which has been a focus of business for quite some time.
But while success in lowering labor costs may be good for an individual business, it has a downside for our society. Working people in this type of precarious work arrangement have both low (remember those low prices?) and unpredictable incomes. It is difficult to plan to pay regular bills, such as rent, car payments, and groceries, with such irregular income. Moreover, these jobs have little insurance for injury, illness, unemployment, or old age. The winning bid for a job is not likely to include an additional amount to contribute to a retirement savings plan or to cover the cost of health insurance. So the result is more and more people working harder for less and less.
In the end, the sharing economy is nice words for what is really more of the same. More money going to business profits held by a few, and less money going to the labor income that is the primary means of support for most Americans. What we need is a sharing economy in which working people share in the wealth that their labor creates. Unfortunately, this version of a sharing economy does not promise that.
Originally posted 8.29.14 on the Aspen Institute blog.
Follow Maureen Conway on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Conway_Maureen
More:

Watch: Elizabeth Warren On Fighting Back Against Wall Street Giantsreddit
Previously published on BillMoyers.com .
In Oklahoma, Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) and her brothers grew up in "an America that invested in kids like us and helped build a future where we could flourish." But, as she writes in her memoir, A Fighting Chance , "Today the game is rigged - rigged to work for those who have money and power... The optimism that defines us as a people has been beaten and bruised. It doesn't have to be this way."
Senator Warren, a former Harvard Law School professor, is an expert on how Wall Street and the banking industry are destroying the middle class. She's put that knowledge to powerful use on Capitol Hill, rapidly becoming the most authoritative and articulate voice of the Democratic Party's progressive wing. Many are urging her to run for president.
Before returning to Washington for the start of Congress, Sen. Warren spoke with Moyers & Company about the problems facing middle-class Americans.
Sen. Warren tells us:
"Washington works for those who can hire armies of lobbyists, armies of lawyers, and get just the rules they want. It doesn't work so well for American families. The only chance we've got is if those families will turn back to their government and say, 'I demand that you work for me, not for the billionaires, not for the millionaires. That you work for me.'"
Web Extra: Elizabeth Warren on Why "I'll Never Be an Insider"
After taping the broadcast interview, the two of us kept talking and we kept rolling: as so often is the case, great moments are often captured when we least expect them. Here, I ask Sen. Warren about her dinner with Larry Summers, who at the time was one of President Obama's top economic advisors and she was "raising a lot of trouble over how the money in the bailout was being spent."
We go on to talk about the student loan bill she introduced that would allow borrowers to refinance their debt, and will be voted on next week, as well as what surprised her most about life inside the Beltway, her own middle-class upbringing, the minimum wage fight and Eric Cantor's new job on Wall Street.
Moyers & Company airs weekly on public television. Explore more at BillMoyers.com .
Follow Bill Moyers on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BillMoyersHQ
More:

Democrats In DC Must Fight For More Jobs -- Or Risk Losing Their Ownreddit
Investors got some great news last Friday, even as the report for job seekers was far worse than expected. August job figures came in far below economists' expectations (which, even if reached, would have been insufficient to bring a swift end to our employment crisis.)
"The remarkably weak GDP growth in this recovery is consistent with the extraordinarily weak job growth," writes economist Dean Baker , who notes that "employment is performing far worse than in prior recoveries."
But the misery which has gripped the nation was not being shared on Wall Street, where the S&P 500 reached a record high for the second week in a row. No wonder 71 percent of millennials believe that our economic system is rigged in favor of the rich. They're paying attention.
Democrats should be telling the nation how they would create more and better jobs. Unfortunately, so far that doesn't seem to be the strategy. Their instinct seems to be to trumpet what's right about the economy instead. But that message won't resonate when economic conditions are so miserable for so many people -- especially the core voters which Democrats will need if they are to win in November.
Modesty, meet obstructionism.
The leadership's instinct is easy enough to understand. Parties in power like to boast of their successes -- and with two out of three branches of government, Democrats are at least nominally in power. But Democratic economic proposals have lacked boldness and courage, while Republican obstructionism has rendered even modest proposals politically unfeasible. They should say more about that.
The American Jobs Act, which President Obama proposed in 2011, demonstrated both the modesty of Democratic proposals and the rigidity of Republican obstructionism. That proposal would have extended unemployment insurance, offered jobs training, and provided $132 billion in infrastructure and other job-creating programs.
Despite sky-high unemployment and under-employment, the bill was never expected to pass the Republican House. It didn't even get that far. It was shut down by a series of Republican-led filibusters in the Senate -- even though the Republicans had no problem passing a $286.4 billion highway bill a few short years earlier. That 2005 GOP bill cost more than twice as the Jobs Act (much of it pork), and its passage occasioned some ribbon-cutting and congratulatory remarks between the-President George W. Bush and then-Speaker Denny Hastert.
"If we want people working in America," said Bush, "we got to make sure our highways and roads are modern." Congressional Republicans are determined to make sure President Obama never has the chance to utter a similar (if undoubtedly more grammatical) sentence.
Consider this: Obama proposed less than half the amount celebrated by Bush and Hastert, and even sweetened the deal with $253 billion in GOP-friendly tax credits -- more than was being offered for direct job creation in his bill. That's a pretty modest, Republican-friendly plan.
And yet, despite the national jobs emergency which had gripped the nation, his bill was never given a chance of succeeding. That's obstructionism at its most extreme, and it's now business as usual.
More jobs = more growth.
Meanwhile, the evidence is in on the economy. We now know that:
1. The stimulus worked - but it wasn't big enough.
2. Democrats offered modest proposals which diluted practical economic suggestions with unproven tax-cut ideas -- and even those were rejected.
3. As a result, we've had 54 consecutive months of economic growth -- but it's not widely enough distributed, and the help isn't getting to everyone who needs it.
4. Nearly 20 million Americans need full-time work. Job figures are especially weak for millennials, minorities and women (especially African-American women ; and women overall lost more jobs during the long recession which took place after the crisis of 2008).
5. The jobs which have been created since the financial crisis skew toward lower-wage work.
6. A weak jobs market means weak wages for middle-class people who have jobs. The Economic Policy Institute reports that "Wages for the broad middle class declined over the last year, as they have for most of the past 40 years -- dismal wage growth has been a key contributor to income stagnation and growing income inequality."
In other words, helping the unemployed helps everyone.
Voters hate this economy.
The lessons of the past five years should be clear by now: Democrats must offer bolder proposals, and they must draw clearer distinctions between their own position on jobs and that of their Republican opponents.
What they shouldn't do is attempt to take victory laps to celebrate an economy that is only working for the wealthiest among us. That will help the Republicans do what they've already begun doing: painting the Democrats, rather than themselves, as an out-of-touch party which is beholden to the economic elite.
The mood of the voters is clear. Voters think the economy is lousy and that government is more interested in helping the rich than it is in helping them:
63 percent think most children will be worse off than their parents when they grow up.
55 percent say this country's headed in the wrong direction on jobs and growth.
As we've already mentioned, 71 percent of millennials think the system's rigged in favor of the rich.
59 percent personally worry about the economy a great deal, and 64 percent are suffering or struggling with their own financial well-being.
And, in a finding which could be especially damaging to incumbents, 71 percent of Americans believe that the primary source of our economic difficulties is our elected officials' inability to get things done to improve the economy.
(For details on this and other polling data, see PopulistMajority.org .)
Voters want jobs.
What do voters want? Jobs. When do they want them? Take a look and decide for yourself:
61 percent believe the Federal government should encourage job creation through laws, incentives, and regulations.
60 percent say "my employment or education opportunities are a lot less than I thought they'd be."
78 percent of millennials want the government to be more involved in creating jobs.
84 percent of millennials support government-subsidized jobs for low-income workers and the long-term unemployed.
70 percent of voters say this is not a good time to find a quality job.
68 percent think that it's hard for people who work hard to maintain their standard of living.
74 percent felt that improving the job situation should have been a top priority for the President and Congress in 2014.
65 percent say job creation, not deficit reduction, should be a top priority.
And, in a figure Democrats should remember, 86 percent say the economy will be an important factor when deciding who to vote for in November.
Voters need a reason to vote.
Voters are being hurt by today's divided economy. While the stock market soars, they're struggling to stay afloat. They're worried and angry, and they're watching their leaders to see who seems to be fighting for them. That's why the minimum-wage movement is growing, and why the minimum wage must be part of Democrats' messaging too .
54 months of growth is a good record, at least in the abstract, but it's not a good record to run on -- not when most of that growth has passed most Americans by. It's an especially misguided strategy when one considers the plight of the Democratic Party's base voters: Millennials, minorities, and women are having a hard time of it.
Off-year elections are driven by turnout. What are these Democratic voters being given that will spur them to show up and vote this year? Democratic politicians should remember that youth turnout was lower in 2010 than it was in 2006, before many voters knew much about Barack Obama. Another weak turnout could spell disaster for Dems.
Voters go to the polls in less than 60 days. Democrats have very little time in which to tell that voters exactly what they would do to create more and better jobs, how that would benefit both the unemployed and the underpaid middle class, and who is preventing them from creating those jobs.
If they don't make that case, and quickly, they may soon be looking for jobs themselves.
Follow Richard (RJ) Eskow on Twitter: www.twitter.com/rjeskow
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

Viewers have good reasons for not feeling ‘The Leftovers’By Hank Stuever September 8 Follow @hankstuever
THE LEFTOVERS episode 10/season finale: Amy Brenneman. photo: Paul Schiraldi
The clinically depressed, upside-down world of creator Damon Lindelof and author Tom Perrotta’s drama series “The Leftovers,” which concluded its first season Sunday night on HBO (read The Post’s Emily Yahr’s episode recap here) , succeeds in one important way for television shows to succeed these days: It has caused smart people to write many, many analytical essays about it. Even now it’s hard to resist adding a few more words.
Among its fans and detractors we can all pretty much agree: “The Leftovers” is a study in sorrow. The acting has been brilliant. The premise (even for those who have already read Perrotta’s 2011 novel) is a beautiful and strangely imagined idea of what the rest of us might do if 2 percent of the planet’s population suddenly vanished in an event (called the Sudden Departure) akin to the Biblical concept of rapture. Instead of ensuing apocalypse, we’re left only with permanent grief and uneasy fear.
When I first reviewed the show back in June , I somewhat correctly guessed that it wouldn’t be everyone’s favorite way to spend Sunday nights. All summer long I’ve been giving distraught and proudly discerning TV fans “permission” to stop watching “The Leftovers” if it wasn’t doing anything for them besides confusing them and bumming them out. (Granting absolution is one of a TV critic’s lesser known duties.)
Here’s are some reasons I’ve told them it’s okay to let it go:
I totally buy “The Leftovers” as literature. I don’t quite buy it as a TV show. This is not like the usual “book vs. movie” debate. On the page, I believed in such concepts as a cult that took a vow of silence in response to the Sudden Departure, choosing to express themselves symbolically (all-white clothing; incessant cigarette smoking). The cult of Holy Wayne made sense, too. In his direct and just slightly wry prose, Perrotta presented these communities as reasonably weird reactions. I even remember thinking, “Boy, I’d like to see a movie version of this.” (Not, “Boy, I’d like to this drawn out in a darker, more confusing, more violent way.”) The act of handing “The Leftovers” world over to Lindelof’s vision, which is far more morose and grisly, turned the novel’s concept into something that is overstated, hallucinatory and unbelievable.
Narrative abuse. (And while we’re at it: symbology abuse.) That’s a Lindelof hallmark from the “Lost” days. What’s real? What’s not? Is the character dreaming? Is the character remembering? Is it now? Is it then? Did what just happened actually happen? Will it have meaning later? Shouldn’t characters tell one another what just happened; wouldn’t that be a way of understanding one another? Why don’t they? “TALK!” sullen teenager Jill Garvey (Margaret Qualley) scribbled out in Sharpie on a pad to Laurie (Amy Brenneman) her willfully mute mother. Leave it to Lindelof to take to a story in which a fair number of the characters have taken an annoying, joyless vow of silence.
Isn’t it fun to try to figure things out while you watch and feeling increasingly adrift from week to week? For many viewers the answer is no – no, it’s not fun to put in extra work for a show in which the creators have already cautioned us to never expect an explanation for its central mystery. Viewers love mysteries and narrative arcs that lead to answers. Must one really Google the May 1972 issue of National Geographic (a recurring motif that gives a viewer flashback to the “Lost” lottery number/hatch computer days), in hopes of keeping up? At what point did viewers agree to the idea that a TV show should come with homework?
It’s hard to care about these people. Why does Mapleton, N.Y., a fictional Long Island town, seem particularly more jangled three years after the Sudden Departure than the rest of the world? Why can’t its citizens get more of a grip on themselves? Why is the Guilty Remnant such a pernicious presence there? The show has been praised for its depiction of what it’s like to suffer depression – particularly when it comes to the helplessness of depression and grief that cannot be soothed. I tend to agree and I even like that aspect of the writing. But I can’t insist that people tune in for it.
In “The Leftovers” penultimate episode, which aired Aug. 24, viewers were finally, partially rewarded with an episode that flashed back three years to Oct. 14 and showed us where the main characters were and what they were doing when the Sudden Departure occurred. It made me realize how desperate I was – beyond my boredom with Lindelof and Perrotta’s heavy reliance on symbols and obfuscation – to have some of those gaps filled in. It’s as if there was a moment of divine intervention at the writers’ keyboards; 60 minutes of comfort for the afflicted viewer who just wanted to know some facts for once, instead of just wondering what happened.
This week, it was back to hallucinations and near-encounters with pretension (Nina Simone’s “Ne Me Quitte Pas” playing while the camera lingers over the vacant eyes of a blood-soaked character who has slit her own throat — to neither artful nor interesting effect). What we’re left with is a true puzzle: How can one of the best shows on TV this year also be one of the worst? Make no mistake – I look forward to season 2 next year. But I expect many would-be viewers will be among the missing.
Hank Stuever has been The Post's TV critic since 2009. He joined the paper in 1999 as a writer for the Style section, where he has covered an array of popular (and unpopular) culture across the nation.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410197835/1410197835000/1410197835 tracking: {authors=Hank Stuever, blog_name=style-blog, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=viewers-have-good-reasons-for-not-feeling-the-leftovers, post_id=33254, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 5:37:15 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 5:37:15 PM

Relisha Rudd’s abduction was preventableComments
By Colbert I. King September 8
The official review of contacts between 8-year-old Relisha Rudd, her immediate family and the city’s human services and education systems found no evidence that the girl’s tragic abduction from the D.C. General homeless shelter was preventable.
That should have come as no surprise.
That outcome was preordained by Mayor Vincent Gray on April 8 when he ordered the review. Gray said at the time that he wanted the D.C. government to make sure that it had responded appropriately to Rudd. He preceded that statement, however, with this: “There is no indication that the District government agencies or staff failed to fulfill their duties.”
Taking their cue from the boss, the co-leaders of the review, Deputy Mayor for Health and Human Services B.B. Otero and Deputy Mayor for Education Abigail Smith, concluded that the city had done all it could for that still-missing little girl.
What more should we have expected? Otero and Smith, in addition to depending upon Gray for their jobs, were also reviewing agencies and staff under their supervision. Hardly the kind of arm’s-length investigation needed in a case like this. Conflict of interest covered this mayor-ordered review like a blanket.
Otero and Smith, after exculpating themselves and their agencies, did produce a number of recommendations for reforms. But review leaders stressed that even if the changes had been in place, Relisha’s abduction would not have been foiled.
Are we being played like fools?
Of course Relisha’s abduction was preventable. She might still be around today if the contractor paid with tax dollars had implemented its own policy.
For evidence, look no further than “Finding #5” in the review.
The finding states that The Community Partnership, a nonprofit organization paid $13 million annually by the District to operate shelter programs for the homeless, including the D.C. General shelter, has a fraternization policy that prohibits relationships between staff and residents.
Khalil Tatum, the TCP staff member at the D.C. General shelter suspected of having abducted Relisha from the shelter in March, was found dead from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound on March 31. Tatum had signed the fraternization policy, which he violated through his contact with Relisha and her family.
The finding states: “Following RR’s [Relisha] disappearance, shelter staff acknowledged that Mr. Tatum had a relationship with RR and her family in violation of the Fraternization policy.”
There you have it. Staff knew about Tatum’s policy violations with Relisha and did nothing. By doing nothing, they permitted the violations to continue.
If city and shelter authorities had been informed of the violation, they could have intervened and the abduction might have been averted.
The finding concludes with this jaw-dropping inanity: “The Fraternization policy did not require employees to report violations of the policy by other employees to the shelter administrators.”
No one is being held accountable for that failure. No reprimands, no firings.
Only this recommendation from Otero and Smith: “TCP should change its policy to require workers to report information that they have about other employee’s “pre-existing or new personal relationships with shelter residents.”
Now that the horse has escaped, let’s close the barn door. Or in this case, now that the abductor has run away with a little girl who, perhaps, may never be seen again.
Way to go, D.C. government. Way to go.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410200082/1410200082000/1410200082 tracking: {authors=Colbert I. King, blog_name=post-partisan, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=relisha-rudds-abduction-was-preventable, post_id=19387, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 6:14:42 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 6:14:42 PM

‘A spare to the heir’: The weirdness of being a royal siblingBy Adam Taylor September 8 Follow @mradamtaylor
Princess Diana holds a playful Prince Harry as her older son, Prince William, looks out over the balcony at Buckingham Palace in London on June 1988. (Reuters)
It's a weird life, being a British monarch. These days, your life is all ceremony and no power, yet everything you do is scrutinized by the notoriously fickle British press. One minute you're emblematic of everything that's great about good ol' Blighty, the next you're a taxpayer-subsidized albatross, an embarrassing and gauche legacy of Britain's class system.
But there's someone for whom it's even weirder. As bad as the British kings and queens get it, their siblings may have it even worse. While sidelined by history, they are an even greater target for tabloid indignity than their more powerful relatives. These days, royal siblings have an odd position in British society, and they lead odd lives because of that.
This is relevant, of course, because on Monday, Kensington Palace confirmed that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge (Prince William and Kate Middleton to us) will be expecting a second child. That baby, to use royal-watchers terminology, will be known as a "spare to the heir" and would be behind older brother Prince George, in line for the throne.
In historical times, a "spare to the heir" might well have led a politically important life: Some of the British royalty's most famous names came to the throne only through infighting or their sibling's untimely demise. Richard I of England, better known as Richard the Lionheart, is revered for his being king while fighting during the Crusades, even though he was originally third in line for the throne, for instance. Henry the VIII, perhaps most notorious English monarch of them all, may never have been king if older brother Arthur hadn't died mysteriously at age 15.
However, because of different political circumstances and the fact that royals are now living longer, things have changed. The last spare to become king would be George VI, who had been Prince Albert, Duke of York, until his elder brother unexpectedly abdicated to marry an American divorcee. Despite his unease about taking the throne (he was notoriously shy and had a severe stammer), George went on to become a popular king and played an important role during World War II. His ascent to the crown was recently dramatized in the film "The King's Speech."
Britain's Princess Elizabeth, left, later Queen Elizabeth II, talks to a member of the Lewisham Women's Voluntary Service, watched by Princess Margaret, in London on May 10, 1945. (Associated Press)
Since George, a new pattern has been established. His daughters, Elizabeth and Margaret, took quite different paths. While Elizabeth went on to become Elizabeth II, Queen of the United Kingdom, her younger sister would go on to become Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon.
Margaret's love affairs became a source of controversy. She initially sought to marry a far older, divorced man but faced opposition from the government, the Church of England and even her own sister. She eventually married a photographer (in itself, a minor controversy) and became re-embroiled in scandal when she made the unprecedented decision to divorce him in 1978, just days after being photographed in a bathing suit accompanied by a man 17 years her junior.
Margaret's reputation clearly suffered dearly as she grew older – when she died in 2002 , the Guardian noted that she had a reputation for being "capable of walking away in the middle of a conversation" and "of conducting official engagements glumly and in haste."
Margaret set a precedent that Prince Andrew, Duke of York and brother to Prince Charles, current heir to the throne, followed. Andrew married Sarah Ferguson, nicknamed "Fergie," in 1986, but they separated not long after. Even before their divorce in 1996, Ferguson was known for close relationships with other men – in 1992, she was photographed topless in the south of France having her toes sucked by her Texan financial adviser, John Bryan. Andrew gained the nickname “Randy Andy” for his  relationship with a soft-core pornography actress, among others.
Andrew's problems were worse than romantic, however. Criticized for his extravagant lifestyle and friendships with dictators, oligarchs and other dubious types, he was forced to resign in 2011 from his role as Britain's trade envoy after details of his friendship with American financier and registered sex offender Jeffrey Epstein became public. It compounded his already negative image: The year before, Andrew had been left embarrassed after a tabloid newspaper reporter filmed Ferguson offering to sell access to him for £500,000 ($800,000), despite  no indication that he knew of the deal.
Britain's Duke and Duchess of York at a golf tournament at Wentworth, England, in August 1995. They divorced a year later. (Associated Press)
Being further removed from the throne seems to have left Andrew and Charles's other siblings, Princess Anne and Prince Edward, more insulated from scandal, though both have had their moments: Anne became the first royal with a criminal record after her dogs attacked two children in 2002, and Edward's  failed attempts to have a real career have opened him up to ridicule in the British press.
Prince Harry, the young spare to heir Prince William, exemplifies both the negative and the positive side to the role as a royal sibling. Despite a number of scandals, including smoking marijuana , dressing up as a Nazi and being photographed naked playing pool in Las Vegas , Harry's notable joie de vivre and military service seem to have endeared him to the British public: One poll from last year found that he was the most popular of all British royals, including the current monarch .
Harry's public image may well change as he gets older. One of the strange distinctions of being a "spare" is that the older you get, the more irrelevant you become: Harry drops to fifth in line for the throne when this new royal baby is born, for example.
And thanks to a slow but steady tilt toward republicanism in Britain , the role of the royalty in Britain may change even more than that in the next few decades.
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410199948/1410199948000/1410199948 tracking: {authors=Adam Taylor, blog_name=worldviews, content_category=World, in_url_headline=a-spare-to-the-heir-the-weirdness-of-being-a-royal-sibling, post_id=37099, section={section=world, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 6:12:28 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 6:12:28 PM

Does obtaining leaked data from a misconfigured website violate the CFAABy Orin Kerr September 8
The U.S. Department of Justice is current prosecuting Ross Ulbricht for being the apparent mastermind of the illegal narcotics website Silk Road, which was run for years on a hidden website. In defending the prosecution, the U.S. Attorney’s Office recently filed a very interesting brief explaining how investigators found the computer server that was hosting the Silk Road (SR) server. Although the brief is about the Fourth Amendment, it has very interesting implications for the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, the federal computer hacking statute.
The brief explains how the FBI found the SR server:
The Internet protocol (“IP”) address of the SR Server (the “Subject IP Address”) was “leaking” from the site due to an apparent misconfiguration of the user login interface by the site administrator i.e., Ulbricht. FBI agents noticed the leak upon reviewing the data sent back by the Silk Road website when they logged on or attempted to log on as users of the site. A close examination of the headers in this data revealed a certain IP address not associated with the Tor network (the Subject IP Address as the source of some of the data). FBI personnel entered the Subject IP Address directly into an ordinary (non-Tor) web browser, and it brought up a screen associated with the Silk Road login interface, confirming that the IP address belonged to the SR Server.
The FBI’s declaration explains that the investigating agent entered “miscellaneous” information into the login prompt of the Silk Road server and received an error message. A forensic analysis of the error message found that it contained an IP address not associated with Tor. That IP address was the address of the Silk Road server.
The DOJ brief argues that there was “nothing unconstitutional or otherwise unlawful” about obtaining the inadvertently leaked IP address from the Silk Road server:
There was nothing unconstitutional or otherwise unlawful in the FBI’s detection of that leak. The Silk Road website, including its user login interface, was fully accessible to the public, and the FBI was entitled to access it as well. See United States v. Meregildo, 883 F. Supp. 2d 523, 525 (S.D.N.Y. 2012) (noting that web content accessible to the public is not protected by the Fourth Amendment and can be viewed by law enforcement agents without a warrant). The FBI was equally entitled to review the headers of the communications the Silk Road website sent back when the FBI interacted with the user login interface, which is how the Subject IP Address was found.
It does not matter that Ulbricht intended to conceal the IP address of the SR Server from public view. He failed to do so competently, and as a result the IP address was transmitted to another party — which turned out to be the FBI — who could lawfully take notice of it. See United States v. Borowy, 595 F.3d 1045, 1048 (9th Cir. 2010) (finding that defendant had no legitimate privacy interest in child pornography files posted on peer-sharing website, notwithstanding that defendant had made “ineffectual effort” to use site feature that would have prevented his files from being shared); United States v. Post , __ F. Supp. 2d __, 2014 WL 345992, at *2-*3 (S.D. Tex. Jan. 30, 2014) (finding that defendant had no legitimate privacy interest in metadata used to identify him that was embedded in file he had posted on Tor website, notwithstanding that “he did not realize he was releasing that information and he intended to remain anonymous”).
In short, the FBI’s location of the SR Server was lawful, and nothing about the way it was accomplished
taints any evidence subsequently recovered in the Government’s investigation.
I wonder: Does DOJ’s position that there is “nothing . . . unlawful” about this procedure mean that DOJ concedes that it would not violate the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, 18 U.S.C. 1030, the federal computer hacking statute?
The FBI’s location of the SR server brings to mind the prosecution of my former client Andrew Auernheimer , aka “weev,” who readers may recall was criminally prosecuted for his role in visiting website addresses on an AT&T server that AT&T had thought and hoped would not be found by the public. Auernheimer’s co-conspirator found that AT&T had posted e-mail addresses on its server at IP addresses that the public was not expected to find.
In defending its prosecution , DOJ took the view that obtaining information at the website addresses was criminal unauthorized access because AT&T had not intended for the public to see it and it was in a place where an ordinary computer user would likely not find it. (The Third Circuit ultimately overturned the conviction on venue grounds without reaching the lawfulness of the conduct under the CFAA.) In defending conduct in the Silk Road case, however, DOJ takes the view that there is “nothing . . . unlawful” about taking advantage of a server misconfiguration to obtain data inadvertently “leaked” by the server because that information is “fully accessible to the public.”
In Auernheimer, DOJ argued that data on a webserver was protected by law if an ordinary user could not find it. In the Silk Road case, DOJ argues that data on a webserver is unprotected by law if the system administrator configured the network incompetently so that an FBI expert could find the data. It sounds like there’s some significant tension between the government’s position in the two cases.
Granted, the CFAA and the Fourth Amendment are not the same thing. Further, the CFAA has an exception for “lawfully authorized investigative . . activity of a law enforcement agency of the United States,” although the Silk Road brief does not rely on it. But there’s an interesting tension there. Perhaps the difference just reflects the different positions of two different prosecutors or two different offices litigating the two different cases. Or, more cynically, maybe it’s just natural to view the lawfulness of conduct differently when prosecuting versus defending it.
Orin Kerr is the Fred C. Stevenson Research Professor at The George Washington University Law School, where he has taught since 2001. He teaches and writes in the area of criminal procedure and computer crime law.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410205436/1410205436000/1410205436 tracking: {authors=Orin Kerr, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=does-obtaining-leaked-data-from-a-misconfigured-website-violate-the-cfaa, post_id=13203, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 7:43:56 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 7:43:56 PM

Govt puts onus on Supreme Court to decide fate of coal blocksAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Flipkart  Amazon to woo customers with eye-popping deals this DiwaliAmazon
(Online retailers have…)
BANGALORE: Online retailers, from biggies such as Flipkart and Amazon to niche players like FabFurnish and Bluestone, have lined up special catalogues, exclusive products, offers, contests and discounts to ensure a cracker of a Diwali season, with an eye on first-time shoppers.
Fashion portal Myntra will offer more than 5,000 new products across top brands like FCUK, UCB , Elle, SuperDry, Biba, FabIndia and Antony Moratto for the first time online, while online marketplace Snapdeal.com is working with brands across categories like fashion, electronics and home products to put together a special Diwali catalogue that will be out in the next few days.
Market leader Flipkart will put up exclusive products and offer heavy discounts while rival Amazon.in may introduce drone delivery in the country, as Diwali season is when most number of Indians try out online shopping for the first time. The four to five weeks until Diwali brings the largest sales spike for online sites.
"For online retailers, you can say that the financial cycle is Diwali to Diwali," said Saurabh Srivastava, director at advisory firm PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) India .
"Every project cycle and launch that an etailer works on during the year is geared only towards Diwali." Srivastava said sales jump during this season can be double the regular daily order size. Sandeep Komaravelly, senior vice president of marketing at Snapdeal, said that unlike offline, Diwali momentum does not taper off in online retail after the festival.
"New customers who have tried online shopping for the first time during the festival season continue to do so even afterwards," he said. No wonder then that portals big and small are going all out to woo new customers, backed by large marketing campaigns.
"For large e-tailers the marketing budgets will be as high as 10% of overall costs," said PwC's Srivastava. Even niche jewellery site Bluestone has set aside Rs 6 crore for advertisement and marketing for the festive season. It will launch a consultancy feature for Diwali that will suggest jewellery items based on the user's face, hair style and likes.
The typical Diwali shopping season starts from third week of September and goes on until Bhai Dooj, two days after Diwali. The online retail industry has grown rapidly in the past few years. While the overall industry was at $1 billion (Rs 6,000 crore) a couple of years ago, just the top three marketplaces in the country—Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon—are estimated to cross $4 billion (Rs 24,000 crore) in sales this fiscal.
Ganesh Subramanian, chief operating officer at Bangalore-based Myntra, which was acquired by Flipkart earlier this year, said it's setting up a special Diwali store on its site. The company has started a new warehouse in Gurgaon in time for the peak shopping period.
"We expect a lot of interest from tier-II and III cities and towns thanks to mobile. At least one out of two orders will be through mobile," he said. Myntra is targeting sales of Rs 2,000 crore this fiscal.
Flipkart plans a single-day big-bang sale a few days before Diwali with new and exclusive products at big discounts, said a person with direct knowledge of the site's Diwali plans. It will also launch exclusive brand partnerships—around one a week—as part of its Diwali line up.
"The company is expecting the largest sales in its seven years of existence," said the person who did not wish to be identified. Flipkart declined to participate in this story. Samir Kumar, director of category management at Amazon India, said the portal will have exclusive launches and innovative gifting options. Amazon could also do drone deliveries in India during the period, as reported earlier by ET. The company declined to speak on this.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cofield  Reed could miss significant timeComments
Washington is planning on being without Jordan Reed for some time. (Thomas B. Shea/Getty Images)
Redskins coach Jay Gruden said that nose tackle Barry Cofield is believed to have a high-ankle sprain, and that tight end Jordan Reed is nursing a “mild” hamstring strain. Both underwent MRI exams, but the extent of the findings weren’t known as of Monday afternoon. But Gruden is planning as if both starters will miss significant time.
“We’ll see how it goes with the trainer. It’ll probably be a week, or two, or three. We’ll see,” Gruden said.
Cofield sprained his ankle late in the first half and didn’t return . Reed strained his hamstring late in the first quarter. He also did not return.
Cofield wore a walking boot on Monday at Redskins Park but did not speak to reporters. Gruden said that he also has some soreness in his groin and that he possibly could be a candidate for the short-term injured reserve list, but that no decision has been made as of yet.
Barry Cofield pressures Johnny Manziel in the preseason. (Evan Vucci/Associated Press)
With Cofield sidelined, Chris Baker will slide over from left end to nose tackle, and Jarvis Jenkins will take over at end.
Gruden said he has confidence that Baker, a third-year pro, can get the job done.
“He finished the game at nose. Did a very good job at nose,” Gruden said of Baker. “Our depth is being tested a little bit on the defensive line.”
Reed’s injury robs the offense of one of its most versatile and explosive players. Durability also has been an issue for the second-year tight end, who appeared in only
seven
nine games last season and has been on the injury report for eight separate injuries since Washington selected him in the third round of the
2012
2013 draft.
“It’s very difficult. You have a lot of formations and part of your game plan designed around him – playing him outside, in the slot and all that when he goes out after the seventh play of offense, it hurts you a little bit,” Gruden said. “Luckily we had other things we could do. Didn’t do them very well, but we were able to do some other things. But he was a major part of the game plan, especially in the red zone.”
Niles Paul took on a larger role in the offense with Reed sidelined. Gruden said Washington would probably work out a few free agent tight ends this week. Logan Paulsen is the only other tight end on the roster.
Have a Redskins question? Send an e-mail to mike.jones@washpost.com with the subject line “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered on Tuesday in  The Mailbag .
More from The Post:

Red Tide Still Looms Along Florida s Gulf Coast
20 000 cases or 100 000 How researchers predict Ebola’s spread.By Sarah Larimer September 8 Follow @slarimer
Workers wearing protective suits stand next to a mother holding her child inside a hospital's contaminated area. (Dominique Faget/AFP/Getty Images)
By the end of August, more than 1,800 people had already died during the Ebola epidemic in West Africa , and the total number of infections was more than twice that amount. So what will September hold?
Alessandro Vespignani has looked at the outbreak and studied the response on the ground. The Northeastern University physicist has worked on a model to estimate the growth of the disease , and by the end of the month, he says, the epidemic could get much worse — as in, "thousands and thousands of cases" worse.
Vespignani and his colleagues project between 6,000 and 10,000 Ebola cases by late September. In estimates released last week , the World Health Organization said there were more than 3,700 suspected, probable and confirmed cases in Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone and Nigeria.
"These predictions are like the weather forecast," Vespignani said. "These are statistical predictions. So you have uncertainty cones."
Vespignani's model assumes that response to the deadly virus stays the same, that the picture of the event remains unchanged. It assumes there won't be increased medical attention and that the spread of Ebola will continue.
"This epidemic will take time to control it, but what we want to see is deviation from this trend," Vespignani said.
It's hard to tell how many people are currently infected with Ebola, or have died from the disease — the numbers could be much higher than reported . Ebola, a disease for which there is no cure, has spread to urban areas , and some treatment facilities are overwhelmed .
"Fortunately, there are some previous Ebola modeling studies from past outbreaks, so we can build upon them," Christian Althaus , of the University of Bern, said in an e-mail. "The biggest problem lies in the uncertainty in the number of reported cases. Health organizations have recently questioned the numbers and indicated that there might be a lot of underreporting. So the situation could be even worse."
As the worst Ebola outbreak in history was getting even worse, Althaus raised eyebrows when he told Science magazine : "If the epidemic in Liberia were to continue in this way until the 1st of December, the cumulative number of cases would exceed 100,000." But Science added a caveat via Althaus: "Such long-term forecasts are error-prone, he acknowledges."
In August, the World Health Organization released a "roadmap" for containing the disease , which looked six to nine months ahead. The roadmap, the WHO said, assumed "that in many areas of intense transmission the actual number of cases may be 2-4 fold higher than that currently reported."
It also said this: "The aggregate case load of [Ebola virus disease victims] could exceed 20,000 over the course of this emergency."
Those projections were based on research in the field, as well as years of expertise, WHO spokesman Daniel Epstein said, noting that WHO's modelers "have had experience in how it spreads. They're able to look at how the current spread is, and part of it is an estimate, part of it is really based on experience, this is their best estimate."
Said Althaus in his e-mail to The Washington Post: "I'm personally worried that we missed a critical point in containing the outbreak and that we have to expect higher numbers."
On Monday, WHO released a statement, saying that "many thousands of new cases" were expected in Liberia over the next three weeks.
"It's a really tough situation — and projecting is kind of an art in itself," Epstein said. "It's difficult. You make assumptions. I think they made the best assumptions they could with respect to these cases. ... It's hard to be exact about it."
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national/health-science, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410209758/1410209758000/1410209758 tracking: {authors=Sarah Larimer, blog_name=to-your-health, content_category=National/health-science, in_url_headline=20000-cases-or-100000-how-researchers-predict-ebolas-spread, post_id=4795, section={section=national/health-science, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 8:55:58 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 8:55:58 PM

Govt bonds exhausted  FIIs buy corporate debtThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Top U.S. health adviser wants end to partisan fighting over ObamacareThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Airtel pact with Eaton TowersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

J-K floods: massive rescue ops on  phones down  roads submerged; toll touches 200Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

4th Ebola Patient to Be Flown to US for CareAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Ebola Patient From West Africa Being Moved to Emory Hospital
Weak US jobs  data help R log six-week peak of 60.29Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Shop inside a tweet with Twitter s  Buy  buttonThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Amazing sense of humour sir!!! we need this once in a while in a mad w...Platinum Member
521 Followers
Guest   :   I would have committed suicide !!!  Nobody shorts shares which are on UC with the hope that the circuit will open by 3.30 pm. Despite being a qualified Electrical Engineer, I would not be able to open a circuit (either LC or UC). LINCOLN

What is the real reason that its fallen into "buyers" only has somebo...Like this Message. Repost it to millions of investors.
Guest
How can one find gem after gem guys! Clearly manipulated because of small or micro cap. It`s a mirage, stay away from all such recos. Singer, Cupid, orient beverage etc etc.
In reply to : companyinsider message
10.16 PM Sep 9th

It is trading above its 50 dma and making higher tops and higher botto...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

One has to be extremely patient while investing in pel.the smart inves...New Member
0 Follower
I agree, you don`t know when the company will come up with  a surprise. This is an investor friendly company. I am invested for long in this company
In reply to : ABRAHAME message
10.23 AM Sep 9th

World marketsnorth and south american markets finished mixed as of the...Platinum Member
378 Followers
I think it may go down to 222.It may take some more time to move up. Wait for some announcements either from the company or government. Governments holding is more than 67%.
In reply to : PC_81 message
9.36 AM Sep 5th

The Economist Withdraws Unbelievably Terrible Slavery Piecereddit
The Economist withdrew a nearly comically misguided piece of writing from its website on Friday, admitting that a book review that called for a more objective treatment of slavery should never have made it through the editing process.
The magazine had published the review of Edward Baptist's book “The Half Has Never Been Told: Slavery and the Making of American Capitalism” on Thursday. The review, which, like nearly everything in The Economist, did not carry a byline, lamented that all the white people in the book—namely, the people who owned the slaves—were portrayed as bad for some reason:
Mr Baptist has not written an objective history of slavery. Almost all the blacks in his book are victims, almost all the whites villains. This is not history; it is advocacy.
Since even the most casual observer might imagine that a book about the mass enslavement of black people would inevitably portray the slaves as "victims," the assertion that such a study required a "fair and balanced" approach drew near-universal befuddlement. The Atlantic's Ta-Nehisi Coates had one of the more pointed responses:
Read a book about the Holocaust. Must be unfair because it painted all the Nazis in a bad light.
By Friday morning, the magazine had revised its opinion and apologized :
There has been widespread criticism of this, and rightly so. Slavery was an evil system, in which the great majority of victims were blacks, and the great majority of whites involved in slavery were willing participants and beneficiaries of that evil. We regret having published this and apologise for having done so.
More:

Left and Right Agree -- Let Ex-Im Expirereddit
I have recently traveled from New York to California talking to audiences from the left, right and middle about my new book, Unstoppable: The Emerging Left-Right Alliance to Dismantle the Corporate State. The topic has been how activists from both the right and left side of the political spectrum can come together to bring about long-overdue changes in America. With the current "Do-Nothing" Congress halting progress on many important issues, there is much skepticism in America about political rivals coming together in support of common goals.  But a major issue that could create unlikely allies is now coming to a head on Capitol Hill.
As a September 30 deadline looms, Congress must decide on whether or not to reauthorize the controversial Export-Import Bank. Established in 1934 by an Executive Order from President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, the Ex-Im bank provides credit to domestic exporters and foreign importers to the U.S. The Ex-Im bank has long been accused of being little more than a corporate welfare fund, mostly for Big Business, by outspoken progressives and conservatives.
In short, the function of Ex-Im is to subsidize businesses that export American products. The major problem with this agency comes from the fact that a big bulk of Ex-Im funds go to huge, wealthy companies, such as the Ex-Im's largest beneficiary Boeing, which in 2013 received 30 percent of its loans and guarantees. Ex-Im defenders argue that the majority of its loans go to small businesses that cannot secure financing in the private market, conveniently ignoring the crucial fact that the majority of the money goes to big businesses such as the aforementioned Boeing, as well as other giant corporations like General Electric (10 percent of Ex-Im loans and guarantees in 2013) and Caterpillar (approximately 5 percent).
Economist Dean Baker, a leading voice on the left against the reauthorization of the Export-Import, puts it best :
"If the bank backs $80 billion in loans for Boeing, General Electric, or Enron (a favorite in past days), and $20 billion for small businesses, it doesn't matter that the $20 billion in small business loans accounted for the bulk of the transactions. Most of the money went to big businesses. That is what matters and everyone touting the share of small business loans knows it."
It's also important to note that the Ex-Im Bank is involved in only 2 percent of U.S. exports -- the other 98 percent function just fine without its largesse.  Thus the expiration of the Ex-Im would mainly affect the profit margins of a handful of big corporations.
Robert Weissman of Public Citizen explained: "Ex-Im puts the federal government in a role which ought to be filled by private lenders and insurers.  It forces taxpayers to bear the risk that should be absorbed by business."
Eighty years after its creation, the Ex-Im Bank's stated mission of boosting American jobs is questionable, at best. And, the Ex-Im's general lack of transparency and a growing list of allegations of fraud and corruption (as in the recent headlines regarding four Ex-Im officials accepting kickbacks) are additional red flags.
The Ex-Im reauthorization efforts have the predictable support of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Manufacturers and many prominent Democrats and Republicans -- some of whom have changed their tunes over the years.  Dean Baker writes that the prospect of ending Ex-Im "prompted the most hysteria among the Washington elite since the financial crisis threatened to lay waste to Wall Street following the collapse of Lehman. As we know, when major companies have their profits on the line, the pundits get worried and truth goes flying out the window."
Baker also criticizes GE CEO Jeffrey Immelt, who recently claimed it was "just wrong" for him to have to arduously make a case for the reauthorization of the Ex-Im. Baker notes that Immelt, who makes $25 million a year, has advocated cutting Social Security and Medicare benefits.
The elimination of the Ex-Im Bank was once a decidedly progressive cause. Senator Bernie Sanders (I-VT) was once extremely outspoken on Ex-Im -- in 2002 calling it "corporate welfare at its worst" and writing that, "American citizens have better things to do with their money than support an agency that provides welfare for corporations that could care less about American workers."
Nowadays, Senator Sanders is strangely silent in public on the matter of reauthorization, although he remains opposed to it.
This past July, 29 state governors sent a letter to Congressional leaders expressing their support for reauthorization -- 20 Democrats and 9 Republicans. Republican Texas Governor Rick Perry and Republican South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley also expressed their crony capitalistic support of reauthorizing the Ex-Im.
From the Democratic quarters, former President Bill Clinton said during a recent panel at the U.S.-Africa Business Forum (alongside GE's Jeffrey Immelt) that attacks on the Ex-Im were "ridiculous."
"Economics is not theology. If you're running a country, you've got to try to create an opportunity for all of your businesses to be competitive," Clinton said.
Mr. Clinton declined to be more specific -- but some of the very profitable companies using Ex-Im, such as GE and Boeing, contribute to his foundation.
During the 2008 election, then-Senator Barack Obama called the Export-Import bank, "Little more than a fund for corporate welfare."  Today, President Obama tells a very different story.
He revised his beliefs at a recent news conference:
"For some reason, right now the House Republicans have decided that we shouldn't do this, [reauthorize the Ex-Im bank] which means that when American companies go overseas and they're trying to close a sale on selling Boeing planes, for example, or a GE turbine or some other American product that has all kinds of subcontractors behind it and is creating all kinds of jobs and all of sorts of small businesses depend on that sale...we may lose that sale."
Convergence works both ways, unfortunately -- in this case, the political corporatists are aligning with Big Business interests.  Dean Baker, a consistent voice of reason in a storm of hysteria, writes: "Just to remind everyone, the Export-Import Bank issues the overwhelming majority of its loans and guarantees to benefit a small number of huge corporations. It is a straightforward subsidy to these companies, giving them loans at below market interest rates."
Moreover, many of these giant corporations, like General Electric and Boeing, pay little or no federal income tax on U.S.-based profits! (See Citizens for Tax Justice at ctj.org .) Keep that in mind when General Electric CEO Jeffrey Immelt complains about having to defend his company's lucrative corporate subsidy to its critics.
In a role-reversal of sorts, it is now the Tea Partiers who have taken to the ramparts to condemn what they refer to as the Ex-Im's "crony capitalism."  The Tea Party influence is having great effect -- the Ex-Im bank was last reauthorized in 2012 with the full support of then-Majority Leader Eric Cantor. Cantor was ousted from his seat earlier this year in a primary election by Tea Party candidate David Brat, who Cantor outspent 27 to one.
Cantor's replacement, Congressman Kevin McCarthy (R-CA), has taken note of his predecessor's missteps. McCarthy, who voted for reauthorization in 2012, recently told Fox News: "One of the biggest problems with government is they go and take hard-earned money so others do things that the private sector can do. That's what the Ex-Im Bank does."
Even Speaker John Boehner, who also previously voted for reauthorization, has backed off support.
In light of this new found common ground between left and right, where are the congressional leaders on the left who once shared a similar viewpoint on corporate welfare? Their silence is deafening. Rep. Alan Grayson (D-FL) is one of few Democrats who are still outspokenly opposed -- even Senators Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) and Sherrod Brown (D-OH) have come out in support of the Ex-Im.
The Ex-Im bank situation presents a unique opportunity later this month to do something (ironically, through doing nothing) by letting the Ex-Im Bank's charter expire for good.
Leaders in Congress must get over the "yuck factor" of working with their colleagues across the aisle and come together when such concurring occasions present themselves.
Signed copies of Unstoppable: The Emerging Left-Right Alliance to Dismantle the Corporate State are available to order from Politics and Prose .
Follow Ralph Nader on Twitter: www.twitter.com/RalphNader
More:

Nevada Taxpayers Lose With Tesla Deal  Even If Factory SucceedsNevada Taxpayers Lose With Tesla Deal, Even If Factory Succeeds
Posted:
Updated:
09/05/2014  3:59 pm EDT
Elon Musk, co-founder and chief executive officer of Tesla Motors Inc., speaks during a news conference at the Nevada State Capitol building in Carson City, Nevada, U.S., on Thursday, Sept. 4, 2014. Tesla will build the worlds largest lithium-ion battery plant in Nevada, bringing a $100 billion boost to the states economy over two decades, Governor Brian Sandoval said. Photographer: David Calvert/Bloomberg via Getty Images  | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
Gamblers who play a hand of poker in Las Vegas may go home broke, but the house always wins. That's because casinos collect a percentage of every pot, known as the rake, in exchange for hosting the game.
In wooing Tesla Motors, Nevada offered the electric carmaker and its founder, Elon Musk , a deal that would never fly at the Bellagio. Pending legislative approval, Tesla will build a giant battery factory near Reno, but it won't pay the equivalent of the rake -- state or local taxes -- for a decade, officials said Thursday.
Nevada officials are lauding the deal as a huge win for the state, touting the creation of 6,500 well-paying jobs that the factory is expected to generate, along with an another 22,000 indirect jobs. But the enormous cost of the deal, in terms of lost revenue to state coffers, is staggering: an estimated $1.3 billion. Paradoxically, it is a deal that could prove even more painful for taxpayers if the factory is a success.
"If the Reno area grows because of the deal, it will need more teachers, more trash collectors, more roads," said Greg LeRoy, the executive director of Good Jobs First, an employment policy group. "Tesla won't pay for that growth, which means either higher taxes or worse services."
Nevada's proposed tax giveaway to Tesla is only the latest example of how states are competing to persuade corporate giants to locate facilities inside their borders. Last year, Washington's state legislature voted to grant Boeing $8.7 billion in breaks to persuade it to locate production of a new jetliner fleet in the state.
Boeing's deal was the biggest tax incentive package ever. According to Good Jobs First, Tesla's would be the 10th-largest, if it is approved.
These deals have proliferated, despite growing evidence that the jobs they create are often not worth what states give away in uncollected tax revenue.
In a study last year, Good Jobs First analyzed 240 so-called megadeals , in which a state awarded a subsidy worth $75 million or more. For these projects, the average cost per job created to the state was $456,000, the study found.
In advance of the Nevada announcement, Musk sparked a bidding war by reportedly asking states to offer at least $500 million in tax breaks in order to secure the $5 billion factory, which will manufacture lithium-ion battery cells that the company hopes will fuel the next generation of electric vehicles .
California, Arizona, New Mexico and Texas were also contenders.
Though the full picture of why Nevada prevailed in the beauty pageant is not clear, the huge tax break package certainly played a role. In addition to essentially allowing Tesla to operate tax-free for 10 years, the state will grant a sales tax abatement for even longer -- until 2034, according to a summary released by the governor's office. Nevada will also spend $43 million to obtain a right-of-way for a road to make accessing the "Gigafactory" easier.
Tesla and the Nevada's governor's office did not respond to requests for comment, but the deal does include a measure likely intended to thwart criticism: Tesla agreed to contribute $35 million to Nevada schools over five years beginning in 2018.
Speaking in Nevada on Thursday, Musk said that the deal offered by Nevada "was not the biggest incentive package" and that "it wasn't just about the incentives."
"What the people of Nevada have created is a state where you can be very agile, where you can move quickly and get things done," he said. "It’s a real 'get things done' state."
Nevada won't collect taxes from Tesla until 2024. After that, the state expects to collect about $400 million in tax revenue over 10 years.
CORRECTION: A previous version of this article said Nevada won't collect taxes from Tesla until 2014. It is 2024.
Email: ben.hallman@huffingtonpost.com. And follow Ben Hallman on Twitter: @ben_hallman.
More:

EARLIER: Musk Makes Stunning Admissionreddit
You don't often hear these words from a CEO.
Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk publicly admitted Thursday that his company's stock may be overvalued. "I do think people sometimes get carried away with our stock," Musk said in Carson City, Nevada , at a press conference, according to CNBC. "I think our stock price is kind of high right now, to be totally honest."
Tesla's stock, which was valued at about $279 a share on Friday morning, is up from around $30 a share in September 2012 . It hit an all time high on Tuesday after receiving praise from an influential analyst and striking a deal to expand in China .
Predictably, the company's stock dropped on Friday after Musk's overly candid remarks.
Tesla Motors' share price has shot up over the past two years.
The company recently made a deal with the state of Nevada to build a $5 billion "Gigafactory" to mass produce the lithium battery packs its cars need to run. Tesla hopes the 10-million-square-foot factory will allow it to produce a new car, called the Model 3 , that will cost just $35,000 and drive 200 miles on a single charge. The $70,000 sticker price for the only Tesla currently on sale, the Model S , is prohibitively expensive for most consumers.
Despite his moment of modesty, Musk remained optimistic about his long game. "If you care about the long-term Tesla, I think the stock is a good price. If you look at the short term, it is less clear," he said.
More:

A Child Helps A Man s Career  But Harms A Woman s
Book Review: Private Island© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/947a5bf4-345e-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Protests in Pakistan caused Rs 547 billion economic losses: govtAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Twitter to launch a buy now buttonSeptember 8, 2014 2:06 pm
Twitter to launch a ‘buy now’ button
By Hannah Kuchler
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d6e077c8-3736-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wall Street trades flat  technology shares lift NasdaqYou are here: Home > Collections > Nyse
Wall Street flat, but tech shares stronger
Reuters Sep 8, 2014, 08.21PM IST
Tags:
Dow Jones Industrial Average
(US stocks are little changed…)
NEW YORK: US stocks are little changed in early trading on Monday, though the recent upward momentum remained intact and strength in technology shares lifted the Nasdaq.
Equities have risen for five straight weeks, and pronounced further upside may be limited given a dearth of domestic catalysts. Still, accommodative monetary policies from the Federal Reserve - including bond purchases and low interest rates - is expected to continue generating a positive environment for stocks, which haven't undergone a prolonged pullback in months.
"The trend is definitely still up as we continue to benefit from low rates, which has been driving money into the market for years," says Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Robert W. Baird & Co in Nashville. "After a five-week rally, a drop of two points isn't anything to be concerned about."
Tech shares are the strongest of the day, with the S&P information technology sector up 0.4 per cent, the top-performing sector on the day. Yahoo Inc is up 3 per cent at $40.79, the S&P's biggest per centage gainer.
The Dow Jones industrial average is falling 6.64 points, or 0.04 per cent, to 17,130.72, the S&P 500 is down 0.93 points, or 0.05 per cent, to 2,006.78 and the Nasdaq Composite is adding 16.62 points, or 0.36 per cent, to 4,599.52.
The largest per centage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange is Acorn International Inc, up 6.80 per cent, while the largest per centage decliner is Callon Petroleum, down 7.46 per cent.
At the NYSE, among the most active stocks are Bank of America, up 1.98 per cent to $16.34; Petroleo Brasil , down 2.17 per cent to $18.96 and Ford Motor Co, down 1.88 per cent to $16.82.
On the Nasdaq, Yahoo; Microsoft Corp, up 1.7 per cent to $46.71 and Apple Inc, down 0.1 per cent to $98.91 are among the most actively traded.
Advancing issues are outnumbering declining ones on the NYSE by 1,424 to 1,310, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,519 issues are rising and 908 falling for a 1.67-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The broad S&P 500 index is posting 35 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite is recording 55 new highs and 13 new lows.
FEATURED ARTICLES

El Nino likely to decline by year-end: UNEl Nino
(El Nino occurs every two…)
GENEVA: The "El Nino" phenomenon, which sparks climate extremes around the globe, could take hold in the Pacific Ocean by the end of the year, but the likelihood has declined since June, the UN said today.
There is now a 55-60 percent likelihood that El Nino could begin between September and November and a 70 per cent chance that it will start from November to February, said the World Meteorological Organisation .
This marks a decline from the end of June, when the UN weather agency estimated there was an 80 per cent likelihood that El Nino, which can lead to droughts in some parts or the world and heavy rains in others, would take hold toward the end of the year.
"Ocean temperature anomalies along the equator have decreased over the past two months," WMO said in a statement.
El Nino occurs every two to seven years, when the prevailing trade winds that circulate over surface waters in the tropical Pacific start to weaken.
The phenomenon leaves countries like India, Indonesia and Australia drier, increasing chances of wildfires and lower crop production, while leading to heavier rainfall in the eastern Pacific and South American nations, raising the spectre of floods and landslides.
Ocean temperatures peaked at above a half a degree Celsius above average in May and June, leading experts to brace for the resurgence of El Nino.
But in July and August, "sea surface temperatures across much of the central and east-central tropical Pacific Ocean approached near normal conditions," WMO said.
Sea level pressure, cloudiness and trade winds had meanwhile "remained near neutral levels, indicating that El Nino conditions had not become established," the UN agency said.
Nonetheless, "the development of a weak El Nino event in the coming several months remains quite possible," it said, adding that a strong El Nino was not likely.
The last El Nino occurred between June 2009 and May 2010. It is often followed by a return swing of the pendulum with La Nina, which is characterised by unusually cool ocean surface temperatures in the central and eastern tropical Pacific.
Scientists, who closely monitor the two climate patterns, say that while they are not caused by climate change, rising ocean temperatures caused by global warming may affect their intensity and frequency.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dubai pushes ahead on world s biggest airpor...You are here: Home > Collections
Dubai pushes ahead on world's biggest airport plan
AP Sep 8, 2014, 09.23PM IST
(The first phase of the expansion…)
DUBAI: Dubai's ruler has endorsed a $32 billion expansion plan for the city's second airport that aims to make it the world's biggest, the emirate's airport operator said Monday in the latest sign that the Middle East's brash commercial hub is determined to move on from its 2009 financial crisis.
The approval sets in motion a vast building project that will boost capacity exponentially at the airport known as Al Maktoum International at Dubai World Central. Backers envision it will eventually handle more than 200 million passengers per year.
The first phase of the expansion alone aims to build enough runway and terminal space to handle 120 million passengers a year and 100 mammoth Airbus A380 double-decker jets at any given time.
The world's busiest airport, Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, handled 94.4 million people last year.
Paul Griffiths, chief executive of state-backed airport operator Dubai Airports, said he aims to have the first phase of the expansion complete in six to eight years. That part of the project includes adding two new runways and two large concourses housing dozens of aircraft gates each.
``It's a very aggressive time scale ... but I think that we have a track record here of doing remarkable things in a remarkably challenging time frame,'' Griffiths said in his office at the city's main airport, Dubai International.
As later phases are completed, the new airport will eventually boast five parallel runways spaced far enough apart so they can all be used at the same time, and have enough gates for hundreds of wide-body planes.
Dubai World Central opened for cargo flights in 2010 with a single runway in the desert south of central Dubai. It received its first passengers in October at a single terminal that is mainly used by smaller airlines and low-cost carriers.
The currently larger Dubai International ranked as the world's seventh busiest airport last year, handling 66.4 million passengers. It too is being expanded, with a new concourse expected to open next year.
Griffiths says Dubai needs to expand to keep pace with the rapid growth of airline traffic into the emirate. Much of the increase comes from hometown airline Emirates, the region's largest carrier and the world's biggest user of both the A380 and Boeing 777 long-haul jets.
Emirates is expected to move its hub to the new airport shortly after the first expansion phase is complete, freeing up space in the older airport for the well over 100 other airlines that already operate from it.
Griffiths is confident Dubai will be able to generate the funding needed to complete the project given the importance of aviation to Dubai's economy. Officials say the industry contributes $22 billion annually to the local economy and supports some 250,000 jobs.
``The aviation sector has demonstrated that there is a very compelling economic case to suggest creation of further capacity is a very sensible thing to do,'' Griffiths said. ``I'm sure that the government will come up with the appropriate funding to make the project a reality.''
Dubai is still recovering from the effects of its financial crisis, which sent property prices plunging and forced it to accept a multibillion-dollar bailout from neighboring Abu Dhabi.
The local economy has bounced back strongly since, though Dubai and its state-linked companies still carry tens of billions of dollars in debt. The International Monetary Fund has warned of the possibility of another property bubble forming, and analysts question how Dubai can make good on the debt it still owes.
``There are still plenty of reasons to think that the emirate's debt problems are far from over,'' Jason Tuvey, an analyst at London-based Capital Economics, wrote in a research note last week.
That has not stopped officials from announcing plans for headline-grabbing projects reminiscent of the pre-crisis boom.
On Sunday, a property development company controlled by Dubai ruler Sheik Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum laid out plans for a $2.7 billion theme park and resort complex near the new airport and the site of the World Expo that Dubai is due to host in 2020.
The expansion of the new airport is unlikely to be ready by the time the Expo kicks off, Griffiths said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Jaguar Land Rover launches Jaguar XE in...Tata Jaguar Land Rover launches Jaguar XE in London
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 10.32PM IST
Tags:
LONDON: Tata Motors owned Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) today announced the official launch of Jaguar XE here.
"The Jaguar XE is a vehicle at the very heart of the UK's manufacturing renaissance. It combines pre-eminent British design with British engineering in a special car for customers around the world," Ralf Speth, JLR CEO, told reporters at a briefing on the new model.
"This premium mid-sized sports sedan is the outstanding realisation of two new factories, 2,300 new jobs and around £2 billion of investment in the UK," he added.
The new compact executive saloon is all set to hit the European market early 2015, with the US later in the year and will eventually be available in India and other emerging markets.
"The XE comes with a very exciting driving experience and is intended for the global market. We hope to deliver in China, India and other emerging after its US launch later next year," Speth said.
The aluminium-intensive mid-size premium sports sedan is the first model developed from JLR's new modular vehicle architecture.
The XE will be the first model to get the high tech "Ingeniu engine" - a family of ultra-low-emission, four-cylinder petrol and diesel engines from the company's Engine Manufacturing Centre.
The company said the facility in Wolverhampton brings JLR engine supply back to its production heartland with a total investment of £500 million and the creation of 1,400 skilled jobs, of which 600 have already been recruited.
This new advanced engine family has been described as highly flexible, scalable and modular and will be used in future Jaguar and Land Rover products.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DDA goes on month-long anti-encroachment driveBalwinder Kumar
(The housing authority has…)
NEW DELHI: DDA has ordered a month-long anti-encroachment drive after an "increasing spate in unauthorised" constructions in its flats at Vasant Kunj area in south Delhi, the urban body today said.
"Considering the increasing spate in unauthorised rooms and alterations being carried out by various allottees or occupants of DDA flats at D-6, Vasant Kunj, Vice-Chairman, DDA Balwinder Kumar , has ordered a month-long drive for sealing as well as removal of all such additions and alterations," DDA said.
"It had been brought to notice that a number of occupants have constructed rooms on the terrace in Narmada , Saraswati , Yamuna and Ganga apartments and their number exceeds 282 flats," it said in a statement.
In addition, construction of an additional room on government land has been done by some allottees of all the floors in a block.
The housing authority has advised all allottees or occupants to immediately remove these unauthorised constructions on the top floor or on the common portions of land failing which would invite penal action.
Actions according to provisions of the law include demolition, sealing of the flat, disconnection of electricity, water to the premises, among others.
DDA today sealed five rooms on various terraces, the statement said.
On September 1, DDA launched its biggest-ever housing scheme, offering over 25,000 flats.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Amazon slashes price of its Fire smartphoneYou are here: Home > Collections
Amazon slashes price of its Fire smartphone
AP Sep 8, 2014, 10.08PM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Amazon says the Fire with…)
NEW YORK: Amazon is slashing the price of its Fire smartphone, a day before Apple is expected to unveil its latest version of the iPhone.
The online retailer says the Fire with 32 gigabytes of memory will now cost 99 cents when customers sign a two-year contract with AT&T. That's down from $199.
The phone with 64 gigabytes of memory will now cost $99 with a two-year contract, down from $299.
Amazon says the phones will still come with unlimited cloud storage for photos and a free 12 months of Amazon Prime, the company's free shipping and video-streaming plan, which normally costs $99 a year.
Shares of Amazon.com Inc. are down $5.78, or 1.67 per cent to $340.60 in afternoon trading.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Northwestern first in Midwest to offer free streaming cable in dormsNorthwestern first in Midwest to offer free streaming cable in dorms
Northwestern University
Northwestern first in Midwest to offer free streaming cable in dorms.
Northwestern first in Midwest to offer free streaming cable in dorms.
Northwestern offers new student perk - full streaming cable
Forget the Ivies, Northwestern has streaming cable
Northwestern University is rolling out a new perk for students that no Ivy League school can match -- full streaming cable service for all dorm dwellers.
Beginning this fall, Xfinity on Campus will provide residential students more than 130 live channels, including everything from major broadcast networks to Comedy Central, sent via WiFi to their computers, laptops and mobile devices.
8
“It fits with students’ lifestyles. They can watch live TV content in their rooms and on campus, as well as gain access to programming when they’re off campus,” Paul Riel, executive director of residential services for Evanston-based Northwestern University, said in a statement.
"Another benefit is that they do not have to buy or bring TVs, so they will not have to give up precious space in their rooms or disturb their roommates when they want to watch a program," he said.  
Ha, I had this at Weber State in Ogden a few years ago. Looks like the Big-10 are a little behind the times.
AJ Lynch
2
Northwestern is the first university in the Midwest to offer the service, and one of only eight across the U.S., Comcast said Monday. The cost for streaming cable is included in the rent for campus housing. Students can upgrade their service to gain access to premium channels such as HBO and Showtime.
Comcast launched Xfinity on Campus in August. Other participating schools include Bridgewater College, Drexel University, Emerson College, University of Delaware and Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Reaching college students is a growing priority for cable and satellite providers, with cord-cutting younger viewers increasingly turning to alternative platforms to watch TV programming. 
Philo, a Cambridge, Mass.-based company, pioneered the college streaming space in 2011 at Harvard, delivering several dozen cable channels to students through the school’s high-speed network.  The service, which works with a school’s existing cable or satellite provider,  is currently in 15 locations, including Yale, Stanford and the University of Washington.
“Comcast’s entry into the marketplace means that it’s important, it means that people are going to be paying more attention to it,” said Christopher Thorpe, Philo’s CEO. “It’s very validating to us as a company.”

Do not snatch 46 blocks  slap fine: plea to SCThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Investors queue at Waldorf for Alibaba IPOLast updated: September 8, 2014 11:36 pm
Investors see funny side of Alibaba IPO
By Nicole Bullock and Eric Platt in New York and Arash Massoudi in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2e796f3c-3762-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ryanair in $11bn deal for 200-seat 737sSeptember 8, 2014 6:58 pm
Ryanair signals fresh expansion with $11bn deal for Boeing 737s
By Robert Wright in New York and Jane Wild in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/545e188c-376d-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Editorial Comment: BP and the Supreme CourtSeptember 8, 2014 7:20 pm
BP and the Supreme Court
The highest justices should hear the oil company’s case
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2ec269e8-375e-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Business heads vote with their feetSeptember 8, 2014 8:23 pm
Business heads vote with their feet for fear of capital controls
By Patrick Jenkins and Sam Fleming
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c38bd692-377f-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why Scottish capital is taking flight southSeptember 8, 2014 8:24 pm
Why Scottish capital is taking  flight to beautiful south
By Jonathan Guthrie
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6163f0c8-377d-11e4-971c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Finance ministry pitches for ratings upgrade by MoodysAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Why India is losing its undergrad students to US  UK | Startups helping studentsWhy Indians are increasingly looking to study in US, UK at undergraduate level
Rica Bhattacharyya & Anumeha Chaturvedi, ET Bureau Sep 9, 2014, 01.33AM IST
Tags:
Delhi University
(An increasing number of…)
MUMBAI|NEW DELHI: A few months ago, Rimi Khanna (name changed), studying Maths honours at Sri Venkateswara College, Delhi, approached CollegeCore Education for guidance for transfer to a US college.
"She did not find her course engaging enough. Nor did she like the crowd," says Urvashi Malik, founder and managing director at education services firm CollegeCore Education. Rajat Agarwal from Calcutta wanted admission into St Xavier's College. However, the high cutoff could only fetch him a berth in B-grade colleges, which he was not willing to enter. Finally, Agarwal got admission into University of Warwick in the UK, which was willing to provide him a berth with their cut-off of around 85%-86%, lower than the 92%-93% or even 100% required to get into the top league Indian colleges, says Rohan Ganeriwala, co-founder at Collegify, an admission consultant.
Like Khanna and Agarwal, an increasing number of students from India are looking at options to study abroad at the undergraduate level, pushed by the difficulty of getting admission into a good college due to high cut off marks, limited number of seats in the general category, lack of flexibility in the courses offered and quality concerns.
"More and more Indian students are finding value in a global degree. Earlier what was mostly seen at the post graduate level is now shifting to the undergraduate level," says Malik.
This year, she says, she has to close registrations in a few days' time, whereas in other years it would continue till October. SAT, the standardised test widely used for college admissions in the US, witnessed the highest growth in volumes from India in the last administration cycle (October-December 2013 and January, May and June 2014).
"With over 24,000 tests being taken (including SAT and subject tests), this translates into roughly 26% growth from the previous administration cycle," says Lisa Jain, country representative — India, The College Board.
Adding to this is the confusion over four-year undergraduate programme in colleges under Delhi University, which was introduced last year and scrapped this year after a diktat from the UGC. The tussle between the UGC and DU also led to admissions being put on hold.
"Nearly two-thirds of every class from good schools in Delhi are going in for overseas admissions. This wasn't the case in the past," says Malik. She says people from Delhi schools, who cannot get admission due to the high cut-offs, would now rather go abroad than to cities like Pune, Bangalore and Mumbai. An increase in cost of education abroad -- with dollar prices and fees going up - has not really affected the number of students going to study abroad. Some of the popular destinations include the US, UK, Singapore, Canada and Australia.
The estimated cost of studying at a private university in the US at the undergraduate level will be around Rs 35-40 lakh per year, which amounts to about Rs 80 lakh to Rs 1.5 crore for a four- year undergraduate course.
"There is a very unusual hike this year compared with the previous years... We can easily put this estimate to around 25% year-on-year increments," says Jatin Bhandari, CEO and co-founder PythaGurus, an admission consultant. He says the number of applications to the US has gone up at the cost of UK and Australia applications, due to the relatively friendly immigration system in US.
Aradhana Khaitan Mahna, co-founder and managing director of Manya Education, the master franchise for Princeton Review in India says the recent years has also seen an increase in the number of students applying to countries like Singapore and New Zealand.Rising middle class income levels, greater risk-taking ability, easing of the job markets outside, and overseas education being viewed as a status symbol are the other reasons.
Some of the popular universities that Indian students are targeting at the undergraduate level include Princeton University, Yale University, University of Virginia, University of Pennsylvania, London School of Economics, Harvard University, Brown University, Warwick, New York University, MIT and Berkeley. Students who are not satisfied with the quality of education in India are even willing to take a oneyear gap before they get into a college abroad.
  Salil Singh, secured admission into Hindu College as well as Cornell University last year, although he did not manage to get a full scholarship. So he studied in India for a year, applied again this year and got into Brown University with a full scholarship. "He thought he deserved better," says Ganeriwala of Collegify, where Sahil had gone for guidance for overseas admission.
Also, universities abroad give more flexibility in combining subjects. For instance, a person studying physics can combine it with music. "The subject choices abroad are meant to grow your worldview," says Ganeriwala.

How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Did MondayAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Republicans attack Begich’s mayoral tenure as Dems target Sullivan’s AG recordBy Sean Sullivan September 8 Follow @WaPoSean
As Democrats have intensified their attacks against Republican Dan Sullivan's record as attorney general in the Alaska Senate race, Republicans have started ramping up attacks against Democratic Sen. Mark Begich's tenure as mayor of Anchorage.
The latest GOP attack ad, released Monday, comes from the conservative group Crossroads GPS. The narrator says that as mayor of Anchorage, Begich "raised property taxes," and left Anchorage "$17 million in the hole." Instead of fixing things, the ad concludes, Begich "took off for Washington."
Begich was mayor from 2003 to 2009. He was elected to the Senate in 2008.
The spot, shared with Post Politics, follows the release of National Republican Senatorial Committee ads  that hit Begich over his mayoral record and his senatorial resume.
Polls show a competitive race between Begich and Sullivan in a key battleground in the fight for the Senate majority.
The Republicans spots come amid an intensifying ad war that burst onto the national radar last week when Begich's campaign took down an ad holding Sullivan partly culpable for releasing a man from prison who later allegedly killed an elderly couple and sexually assaulted their grandchild. Sullivan took down a response ad on the same subject.
But Begich has not stopped hammering Sullivan's record as attorney general. He released a new TV ad over the weekend that casts Sullivan as soft on crime and criticizes his handling of a pension case. Sullivan was attorney general from 2009 to 2010.
"What kind of attorney general was Dan Sullivan?" asks the narrator of the Begich ad. "First, it was letting violent criminals off with light sentences again and again -- as little as 14 months for sexual assault. Now, Sullivan's claiming credit for saving pensions. But it was a pension fraud case where he made a bad deal with a New York financial firm."
Crossroads is spending $850,000 to air its new ad statewide. It's part of a multimillion dollar fall ad buy the group previously placed.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410209191/1410209191000/1410209191 tracking: {authors=Sean Sullivan, blog_name=post-politics, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=republicans-attack-begichs-mayoral-tenure-as-dems-target-sullivans-ag-record, post_id=96926, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 8:46:31 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 8:46:31 PM

Ex-SAC manager gets nine year sentence© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6b4db6ee-378e-11e4-971c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Another TMC leader puts party in the dockKunal Ghosh after CBI interrogation in Kolkata on Monday. (Source: Express photo by Partha Paul)
Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:50 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 2:51 am
After suspended TMC MP Kunal Ghosh called for a joint interrogation of himself and Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee by the CBI, which is probing the multi-crore Saradha scam, another senior TMC leader, Asif Khan, on Monday put the ruling party in the dock when he suggested that people whose names are appearing in the course of investigation should come forward and cooperate with the CBI.
Two days ago, on Saturday, Khan had said he was “ready to speak” to the CBI and the Enforcement Directorate in relation to the scam if the agencies summon him. On Monday, Khan, whose residence CBI had raided on August 28, arrived at CBI office at 11am and sat through an eight-hour session. Coming out of the office, he told reporters: “I told CBI officials what I have seen as a TMC worker for five years – from 2008 to 2013. The leaders whose names are appearing during the course of investigation should now come forward and cooperate with the investigating agencies.”
Incidentally, Khan was interrogated together with Ghosh, who was escorted to the CBI office by more than two dozen police personnel of West Bengal police.
Speaking to the reporters, Ghosh accused the police of hurting him. “The officers appeared to be hyperactive in the morning. They pushed me to avoid media persons. I fell on the stairs. I was bleeding.”
The state government has deployed a group of police officials at the CBI office and a team of special branch officers were also posted. Sources in the state police said a team of special branch has also been posted to keep vigil on the people coming to the CBI and ED office.
Among other people who were interrogated by the CBI included Badal Bhattacharya, confidential assistant of Somen Mitra and Prashanta Pramanik, a youth TMC leader and a close associate of state transport minister Madan Mitra. Bhattacharya said the investigators asked him about his son who worked in Saradha Group. On the other hand, Prashanta, who was interrogated for seven hours, refused to comment.
TMC MP Ahmed Hassan Imran, too, appeared before the ED investigators again. According to sources in the ED, Imran submitted certain documents to the investigators.

To limit crime reports in press  Chennai cops to monitor reportersPrint
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:44 am
Chennai city police have a new idea to address the increasing number of crime reports in the media: keeping a tab on crime reporters. According to an internal circular issued by the city police, four senior officials have been given the task of “handling” 26 print reporters from 11 media houses in the city.
The circular, a copy of which was accessed by The Indian Express, has upset the Chennai Union of Journalists (CUJ), which sent a petition to the Press Council of India (PCI) seeking action against city police commissioner S George. The union alleged that “press in charge officers” had been appointed despite the city police already having an in-house PR department.
A senior officer defended the move, saying that the idea was to reach out to crime reporters and keep them in “good humour”. However, he added, “Not all officers were on board since they were told they would be pulled up if any negative report was published by reporters assigned to them. The circular was meant to be an internal arrangement,” the officer said.
Another senior official said that the money allotted to the Tamil Nadu police under the category of ‘special reward amount’ will be spent on the new exercise.
“It is an  exercise in networking, lobbying and influencing reporters to make sure that the news flow can be controlled by the police,” he said.
The CUJ petition said that the new system was meant to “coax, cajole, bribe and bully the concerned journalists to ensure that no negative news appears in any dailies”.
“Placing journalists under the supervision of a police officer without their knowledge is an act of intimidation and a serious threat to free and fair journalism,” said the petition sent to PCI chairman Markandey Katju.
Last month, George had called a special media briefing on crime statistics after several questions were raised in the Tamil Nadu Assembly on the increasing crime rate. According to official data, the city witnessed 85 murders in the past one year.
The police circular makes no mention of visual media journalists. “The most unethical part is that they profiled these reporters without their knowledge. When there is a PR department, what is the purpose of deploying officers, that too of the rank of deputy commissioner and assistant commissioner, to handle media persons individually,” said a senior journalist working with a Tamil daily.
When contacted, Chennai police joint commissioner V Varadharaju denied forming any such internal teams. “We have a public relations officer and a deputy PRO, who are in charge of all PR,” he said. George was not available for comment.

Ghaziabad police arrest 295 criminals  in a span of just 24 hoursSome of the criminals rounded up. (Source: Express photo)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:41 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 2:42 am
Ghaziabad police claimed to have arrested 295 people named in various cases — including 11 for murder, six for rape, 12 for loot, five for dacoity, 10 others carrying a reward of Rs 5,000 each on their heads and 14 facing charges under the Gangster Act — all within a span of 24 hours.
Police said the arrests were made in response to a drive by SSP Dharmendra Singh that focused on rounding up as many on-the-run criminals as possible in the span of a day — Sunday. The drive was announced in the form of a competition, in which it was announced that the DSP, SHO or chowki in-charge showing the maximum number of arrests would get monetary rewards.
CO (Border) Arvind Yadav was awarded Rs 10,000 while SHO (Loni) Gorakhnath Yadav was awarded Rs 7,000. The Loni police station, one of the stations supervised by Yadav, alone made over 50 arrests.
SSP Singh said the mass arrests were a result of preparations over the last 10 days. Almost the entire police force, including 4,000 constables, were involved, the officer said.
“We micromanaged the entire operation. The suspects were known. We gathered all the intelligence we had on them, gave the responsibility of the arrest of a suspect to the police officer best suited to nab him or her and just for a day, the entire police force had but one instruction — Ofocus on the criminals still absconding and arrest them. Of course, we make arrests daily, but the number was not going above 140, which is a result of officers being stretched in different directions. Four-thousand police personnel is not less, but to pull off an operation like this, you need single-minded and focused effort,” he said.
Another senior police officer said the force was capable of pulling off such arrests more often. “The attitude is, we will get them. What is the hurry? So the time-frame in which a job can be done gets stretched unnecessarily,” he said.
According to him, the initiative had certainly helped boost the morale of the force.
According to SSP Singh, efforts are being made to keep the force motivated, so that Sunday’s results could be replicated more often. “I am trying to interact on a personal level with even the junior-most officers as often as possible. I eat with them sometimes, or go and watch a movie with them. It helps to keep them motivated about their work,” he said.

No full stop  only comma in (Pak) diplomacy: SushmaLast month, India called off the Foreign Secretary-level talks with Pakistan, scheduled for August 25, after Pakistan High Commissioner in New Delhi Abdul Basit met separatist leaders just a week before the talks.
Written by Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:40 am
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj Monday said that there is “no full stop” in diplomacy, only “comma or semicolon” — an indication that New Delhi is willing to move ahead with its relations with Islamabad.
Responding to a question at her first media interaction since taking charge as minister, Swaraj said, “Diplomacy mein kabhi bhi purn viraam nahin lagta, there is no full stop in diplomacy. It’s always comma or semicolon. And, after all this, people always move forward. There are no full stops in diplomatic journey.”
Last month, India called off the Foreign Secretary-level talks with Pakistan, scheduled for August 25, after Pakistan High Commissioner in New Delhi Abdul Basit met separatist leaders just a week before the talks.
Swaraj’s conciliatory remarks came a day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi offered help to Pakistan for rescue and relief operations in flood-hit Pakistan-occupied Kashmir, and weeks ahead of the UN General Assembly in New York, which Modi is scheduled to attend. Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif is also expected to attend the meet.
Sharif responded to Modi’s offer Monday. “The offer for assistance in our relief efforts is thoughtful. Such solidarity in the face of adversity is indeed valuable,” he said. “I am aware that the Kashmiris on the other side of the Line of Control have also faced heavy loss of life and material damage. Our thoughts and prayers are with the bereaved families in this difficult time, and we remain prepared to extend a helping hand, in whatever way possible, to the efforts for their relief and rehabilitation,” Sharif added.
Swaraj also blamed Basit for “derailing” the dialogue process. “I do not know what was the need for their High Commissioner to invite the Kashmiri separatists and talk to them. He himself invited them. Why did they derail the talks (with India)? What did they achieve?… Who derailed the initiative? Pakistan,” Swaraj said. She added that it was not “too much” to expect from Pakistan that it refrain from interfering in India’s internal affairs.
Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh had called up Basit about 20 minutes before his meeting with Hurriyat leader Shabir Shah on August 18, asking him to cancel it. Basit, who got a last-minute nod from Islamabad, went ahead with the meeting since it was a long-standing practice. Subsequently, the decision to call off the foreign secretary-level talks was taken at the highest political level.
Asked if Modi will meet Sharif on the sideline of UN General Assembly later this month, Swaraj said it will depend on how the situation will emerge in the coming days, and they continued…

Mark S. Sutton Elected International Paper Chairman and CEO; John V. Faraci to RetireThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Mall operator Simon launches loyalty program0
“Developing a program that will provide value to consumers and retailers and bring an element of fun and recognition to the shopper is complicated,” he said. In addition to the Chicago area stores, the program is being piloted at Ross Park Mall and South Hills Village in Pittsburgh and the Mall of Georgia in Buford, Ga.
Simon’s loyalty program, which is free, has three elements.
Members win instant daily prizes, which range in value from a cup of coffee to a set of Bose headphones, at mall kiosks or through the Simon Rewards iPhone or Android app, which can detect when a member is in the vicinity of the mall.
Members earn points by shopping at mall retailers – one point for each dollar spent – and can use those points for a chance to win prizes of varying value. At the top end, for avid point earners, prizes might include a Hawaii vacation or a Coach handbag.
The most loyal mall shoppers can attain exclusive silver or gold status, which gives them access to special discounts and invitations to events.
Thirty to 40 retailers are working with Simon to provide the prizes, Vittoria said.
“They really like the increased traffic they get from this,” he said.
Data has shown foot traffic is down at malls generally. Vittoria declined to discuss foot traffic trends at Simon malls and said the company has not necessarily seen a decline, “but I do think we look at this as an opportunity to give our shoppers another reason to come to the mall,” he said.
Simon is not the only mall owner with a loyalty program. Chicago-based General Growth Properties, which has 120 regional malls in the U.S., several years ago launched The Club, a free program that offers members promotions, discounts and instant-win prizes at their local mall.
aelejalderuiz@tribune.com

SBI mulls contactless debit cards  seeks RBI nodThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Work has slowed  not stopped  at Rohtak RandD unit: MarutiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Iraqi parliament backs new governmentLast updated: September 8, 2014 11:21 pm
Iraq defies doubters to form government under Abadi
By Borzou Daragahi in Cairo, Erika Solomon in Tripoli and Richard McGregor in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/35794c66-379f-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Adam LaRoche named NL co-player of the weekComments
Adam LaRoche. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
Adam LaRoche’s scorching week, in which he launched four home runs and drove in 10 runs, was rewarded on Monday with a share of the National League player of the week award. He shares honors with Giants catcher Buster Posey, who went 13 for 23. LaRoche’s accomplishment came as he dealt with the flu, a balky back and a sore elbow during that span.
LaRoche went 5 for 15 with a 1.113 slugging percentage in five games last week. Four of the hits went over the fence and he started only four of those games. In the one game he didn’t start because of the flu and his back, LaRoche entered in the ninth inning in Los Angeles, hit a game-tying home run, drove in five total runs and was also hit by a pitch.
“I probably have the fewest hits for any player of the week,” deadpanned LaRoche on Monday.
LaRoche said following Sunday’s game, in which he homered twice off Phillies left-hander Cole Hamels, that all three ailments are much better. His back, which was the initial ailment of the three, has improved to the point where it is not bugging him at the plate and less so when he is in the field. Playing at less than 100 percent has actually helped his performance because it has caused him to think less about hitting.
“It’s one of those things where you’re just trying to survive,” LaRoche said Sunday. “The mentality, I don’t know if it’s the grind of the at-bat or what you’re looking for, you just kind of throw it all out the window when I’m feeling good. I think that’s kind of what he means. It takes the focus off of thinking too much and just getting back to if you see it, hit it. I think there’s something to it. It just goes to show you, you over think in this game, you see what happens.”
LaRoche joins Jordan Zimmermann and Jayson Werth as Nationals players to win the award this season.

Opec s pain threshold in view with oil below $100Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SC gives Roy 15 more days to sell hotels abroadThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Achievements of govt in 100 days are commendable: Piyush GoyalThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indias regulative ranking dips to 62Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

MARKET SNAPSHOT: U.S. Stocks: Futures Slip; Multimedia Games  GE In FocusThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rupee logs sixweek peak of 6029 against US dollar up 10 paiseThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

20%!!!! amazing - you surely have trump cards under your sleeves!!!Good for you.
A small piece of advice/ suggestion
Please keep a track of it well. The day the first UC stops or the growth is sub 2 % please off load 30 to 40 % holding and make some profit surely as its in a bubble formation.
Mgmt is good but note the price levels given. I am not entering as i have stakes elsewhere but worth every rupee to invest hard here.
Please also avoid day trading as its tempting with 5 % UC`s but in case it flips it would end up hurting.
Wish you the very best and good luck.
In cased you need other cos similar to this do msg..
Cheers

Latest news is uber ceo `darth vader` panera to patrons: ...Is Uber CEO `Darth Vader`?
Panera to patrons: Leave your guns at home
Home Depot confirms months-long hack
Ray Rice likely to keep $25 million
Ex-SAC manager gets 9 years in prison
Is GoPro becoming a `movement`?
Sorry, Apple. Solar dresses are the future
Apple or Exxon: Which is a better buy?
Jaguar unveils its new entry-level car
This is what a deportation looks like
Olive Garden`s all you can eat is a sellout
The iPhone evolved

Developed markets;us stocks monday`s close: dow 26 down;nasdaq 9...DEVELOPED MARKETS;US Stocks Monday`s close:
Dow 26 down;Nasdaq 9 up; S&P 6 down.
3.38 AM Sep 9th
Like this Message. Repost it to millions of investors.
YOU LAST VISITED
Your chance to get stock
queries answered by our
Venu Srinivasan`s son & daughter take the reins at TVS Motor. Gen-Next to script a new ride?
Yes
Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Jeans face an uncertain future amid yoga wear rageAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Market forecast: Major fall expected in gold pricesAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

States say no to extra rice over lack of storageAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Indian movie  Court  bags best debut award at Venice Film FestAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Government  RBI to devise monetary framework for central bank  says RajanAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Byrraju Ramalinga RajuSAT stays Sebi penalty on Satyam's Raju; upholds ban
Sep 08, 2014 at 21:04 | Source: PTI
Sebi on July 15 this year barred Ramalinga Raju and the four others from accessing the market for 14 years and asked them to return Rs 1,849 crore in unlawful gains with 12 percent interest, in total a disgorgement amount of over Rs 3,000 crore.
Satyam scam: Raju moves SAT against disgorgement order
Sep 08, 2014 at 13:44 | Source: CNBC-TV18
SAT stays SEBI's impugned order with respect to disgorgement of Rs 1849 crore plus interest is not valid until further hearing, while stating that its decision to admit Raju along with four others plea will be announced in December.
Mahindra did not anticipate legal hurdles after Satyam buy
Aug 27, 2014 at 18:01 | Source: PTI
In June last year, Tech Mahindra completed acquisition of Mahindra Satyam -- erstwhile Satyam Computer Services  to become India's fifth largest software services firm. Mahindra is also the Chairman of Tech Mahindra.
SEBI's Satyam Order: 5 Years Too Late?
Jul 19, 2014 at 15:54 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SEBI sent the first show cause notice in March 2009 and then two supplementary ones in June 2009 and March 2010. And its only now that we have the final order. Did the regulator move fast enough?
Satyam case:Sebi bans Raju, execs for 14yrs; eyes Rs 1849cr
Jul 15, 2014 at 17:56 | Source: PTI
The disgorgement payment has to be made within 45 days; seeks 12 percent interest per annum from January 7, 2009.
Satyam scam: Where business was in bed with politicians
Jan 10, 2014 at 17:41 | Source: Firstpost.com
Exactly five years ago, Indians woke up to read a confession by B Ramalinga Raju, chief promoter of Satyam Computer Services, that he had committed financial fraud by overstating profits and cash in the bank to the tune of around Rs 6,000 crore.
Trading in Mahindra Satyam to be suspended from July 4
Jun 29, 2013 at 12:32 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
The Mahindra group had taken over Satyam Computer Services in 2009 after a multi-billion dollar accounting scam by its founder Ramalinga Raju. Tech Mahindra & Satyam announced on June 25 that the merger of the two firms had been completed.
Selling by Gurnani to pay for fringe benefit tax: Tech Mah
Apr 04, 2013 at 13:35 | Source: CNBC-TV18
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Vineet Nayyar, Vice Chairman of Tech Mahindra talked much delayed merger of Mahindra Satyam with Tech Mahindra. He informed that almost every process has been completed, barring some litigations by 13 Ramalinga Raju companies.
Class action suits are up against challenges
Mar 01, 2013 at 11:20 | Source: Forbes India
Provisions for class action suits in the new Companies Bill is a step forward. But hurdles remain in its implementation.
Davos 2013: Mahindra Satyam says ready for new era sans 'Satyam' stigma
Jan 28, 2013 at 11:28 | Source: PTI
After having to work twice harder than its peers to get business for nearly four years since rescuing scam-hit erstwhile Satyam Computer, Mahindra Satyam says it is now ready for a new era and a stronger market position, sans the stigma attached with the 'Satyam' name.
SAT stays Sebi penalty on Satyam's Raju; upholds ban
Sep 08, 2014 at 21:04 | Source: PTI
Sebi on July 15 this year barred Ramalinga Raju and the four others from accessing the market for 14 years and asked them to return Rs 1,849 crore in unlawful gains with 12 percent interest, in total a disgorgement amount of over Rs 3,000 crore.
Satyam scam: Raju moves SAT against disgorgement order
Sep 08, 2014 at 13:44 | Source: CNBC-TV18
SAT stays SEBI's impugned order with respect to disgorgement of Rs 1849 crore plus interest is not valid until further hearing, while stating that its decision to admit Raju along with four others plea will be announced in December.
Mahindra did not anticipate legal hurdles after Satyam buy
Aug 27, 2014 at 18:01 | Source: PTI
In June last year, Tech Mahindra completed acquisition of Mahindra Satyam -- erstwhile Satyam Computer Services  to become India's fifth largest software services firm. Mahindra is also the Chairman of Tech Mahindra.
SEBI's Satyam Order: 5 Years Too Late?
Jul 19, 2014 at 15:54 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SEBI sent the first show cause notice in March 2009 and then two supplementary ones in June 2009 and March 2010. And its only now that we have the final order. Did the regulator move fast enough?
Satyam case:Sebi bans Raju, execs for 14yrs; eyes Rs 1849cr
Jul 15, 2014 at 17:56 | Source: PTI
The disgorgement payment has to be made within 45 days; seeks 12 percent interest per annum from January 7, 2009.
Satyam scam: Where business was in bed with politicians
Jan 10, 2014 at 17:41 | Source: Firstpost.com
Exactly five years ago, Indians woke up to read a confession by B Ramalinga Raju, chief promoter of Satyam Computer Services, that he had committed financial fraud by overstating profits and cash in the bank to the tune of around Rs 6,000 crore.
Trading in Mahindra Satyam to be suspended from July 4
Jun 29, 2013 at 12:32 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
The Mahindra group had taken over Satyam Computer Services in 2009 after a multi-billion dollar accounting scam by its founder Ramalinga Raju. Tech Mahindra & Satyam announced on June 25 that the merger of the two firms had been completed.
Selling by Gurnani to pay for fringe benefit tax: Tech Mah
Apr 04, 2013 at 13:35 | Source: CNBC-TV18
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Vineet Nayyar, Vice Chairman of Tech Mahindra talked much delayed merger of Mahindra Satyam with Tech Mahindra. He informed that almost every process has been completed, barring some litigations by 13 Ramalinga Raju companies.
Class action suits are up against challenges
Mar 01, 2013 at 11:20 | Source: Forbes India
Provisions for class action suits in the new Companies Bill is a step forward. But hurdles remain in its implementation.
Davos 2013: Mahindra Satyam says ready for new era sans 'Satyam' stigma
Jan 28, 2013 at 11:28 | Source: PTI
After having to work twice harder than its peers to get business for nearly four years since rescuing scam-hit erstwhile Satyam Computer, Mahindra Satyam says it is now ready for a new era and a stronger market position, sans the stigma attached with the 'Satyam' name.
Videos »

Hope rally is now a  resurgence rally  on StreetIndian markets' hope rally is now a 'resurgence' rally
Sep 8, 2014, 02.46PM IST
Tags:
(Sceptics are also pointing…)
By Aviral Gupta
Equity markets in India are scaling new highs every day and the question in everyone's mind is, where is the Indian equity market headed? Should we enter now or have we missed the bus? Will there be a deep correction to give us an opportunity to enter the markets?
The Indian markets have been on a surge since the day Narendra Modi's candidature for prime ministership was announced last year in September. It was a 'hope' rally then and presumably a 'resurgence' rally now.
Sceptics point out that the excessive liquidity in the global system, after drying out, will bring the markets down. One, the developed economies are not in a position to curtail the stimulus and hence we can safely assume that the monetary easing would continue for an elongated period of time.
Second and the most important factor, which is being ignored, is that between 2004 and 2008, when there was no stimulus or excessive liquidity in the global system, global institutional investors pumped in billions of dollars into the Indian equity markets, simply on the merits of the Indian economy. We may see the similar phenomenon being repeated again and expect India to attract dollar flows irrespective of stimulus, simply based on the attractiveness of the resurging fundamentals of the Indian economy.
Sceptics are also pointing out that the recent surge in macros like GDP growth figures or the PMI figures were simply based on improved sentiments only, when Narendra Modi won the elections, and are not sustainable. One should note that for typically any macro policy announcement, it gets translated into effect with a lag of typically four to six quarters.
Sceptics have also started questioning the slow pace at which reforms are being announced. India traditionally has been considered a poor implementer and this is what Modi is focussing at currently by removing the bottlenecks and easing the processes. In case our implementation process improves, that would be truly more than the half work done and rolling out reforms would be much easier and effective.
Key extraneous macro factors like the prices of crude oil have turned favourable and are expected to continue to be favourable for time. Even the rainfall has picked up in the last few weeks, leading to a possibility of bumper Rabi crop. The RBI in its annual note sounded more dovish and we can expect rate cuts to happen much sooner than expected. Some of the key reforms taken by the new government like setting up of the Expenditure Control Commission are expected to yield positive results. Earnings pattern are inducing upgrades not only in large caps, but in the mid/small caps space also.
Therefore, in what could be said the beginning of a multi-year bull run, investors should not try to time the market to make an entry in case they have already not entered the market. Macros, including the earnings, having bottomed out, we may not see a deep correction given the current global geo-political and economic situation. So, one is advised to invest only in stocks whose fundamentals are strong.
(The author is Investment Strategist, Mynte Advisors )
FEATURED ARTICLES

When will Financial Technologies-Kotak Bank deal conclude FMC asks MCXFinancial Technologies
(On July 20th, 2014, Financial…)
More than a month after Financial Technologies announced the sale of its 15% stake in Multi-Commodity Exchange (MCX) to Kotak Mahindra Bank, the commodity market regulator Forward Markets Commission (FMC) has turned the heat on India's largest commodity exchange by demanding specific details on the transaction timeline, two individuals familiar with the development told ET NOW.
"The regulator is convinced that more clarity is required on the execution of the share purchase agreement between Kotak Mahindra Bank and Financial Technologies . Therefore, it has written to MCX directing it to provide the exact target date for completion of the divestment process. FMC will consider the all important nod to MCX to launch fresh contracts beyond 2014 only after it is satisfied with the required deal details," said one of the individuals cited above.
On July 20th, 2014, Financial Technologies announced that it had agreed to sell its 15% stake in MCX to Kotak Mahindra Bank for Rs 459 crore, subject to regulatory approvals.
"FMC is eager that MCX fully complies with its "not fit and proper order" and the formal conclusion of this deal is significant in that regard," added the second individual cited above. On December 2013, the commission had ordered MCX to reduce its promoter Financial Technologies stake to 2% from 26% after Financial technologies was found " not fit and proper" to own any exchange.
Trading volumes have plunged on MCX in the aftermath of the Rs 5600 cr NSEL scam (for instance, trading volumes dipped by 40% from Rs 29,317 cr on 6th September 2013 to Rs 17,597 cr on 5th September 2014) and commodity market brokers are keenly watching the status of fresh contracts for the entity as the exchange accounted for over 80% of the total commodity futures market turnover in FY14.
MCX declined to comment on a query sent by ET NOW.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tax Harvard  reject the status quo and reform the welfare stateBy Jennifer Rubin September 8 Follow @JRubinBlogger
A survey of Harvard business grads shows that they “see, on one hand, an uncompetitive K-12 education system, a poor tax code and a broken political system. On the other hand, they see high-quality capital markets, sophisticated management systems, pathbreaking universities and a vibrant environment for entrepreneurs.” Hmm. (Maybe Harvard business grads should stop going into investment banking?) The Wall Street Journal’s report on the study continues:
Harvard’s 362nd commencement in Cambridge, Mass., on May 30, 2013. (David L Ryan/The Boston Globe via Getty Images)
“Workers are captives of the weakest aspects of the U.S. business environment, while firms are beneficiaries of America’s greatest strengths,” write Harvard professors Michael Porter and Jan Rivkin, leaders of the university’s U.S. Competitiveness Project.
The diverging assessments help explain how U.S. equities, as measured by the Dow Jones Industrial Average or S&P 500, have continued to set new highs this year, even as unemployment remains elevated and wage gains have barely kept pace with inflation.
The survey of 1,947 business-school grads found that 31 percent believe companies will be better able to compete globally in the next three years, compared with 26 percent seeing a worse environment. By contrast, 41 percent foresee lower wages and benefits for U.S. workers, with 27 percent expecting a better environment for most Americans.
There are a few takeaways.
First, it does raise questions about the educational mission of Harvard University and other Ivy League schools. While charging outrageous tuition (thanks to taxpayers through student loan subsidies and enjoying tax-free status), they continue to haul in hundreds of millions of dollars. Coincidentally (or not), we also learn today : “Gerald Chan, a Harvard-educated investor, is donating $350 million to the university’s School of Public Health, the largest gift in the 378-year history of the U.S.’s richest university. . . . Schools with more than $1 billion in total cash and investments received 67% of total gift dollars in 2013, up from 62% in 2003. Meanwhile, universities with less than $100 million in cash and investments received a declining share—less than 3% of total gift dollars.” If this isn’t perpetuating and increasing social and economic inequality, I don’t know what is. The rich get richer and they continue to haul in more, to the detriment of taxpayers — all the while turning out more and more people to produce “high-quality capital markets, sophisticated management systems, pathbreaking universities and a vibrant environment for entrepreneurs.” We’ve had a lot of talk about income inequality and about college tuition and student loans. How about connecting the three? One way to reroute resources and reform away from elites, elite educational institutions and economic endeavors that disproportionately help the rich is to reexamine these entities’ mission and their preferred tax status.
Second, to the degree to which the study reflects reality and not simply Harvard grads’ impressions of reality, both political parties have failed to address our most pressing problems. Democrats have insulated the K-12 public school systems from reform, refused to reexamine anti-poverty programs and defended entitlement programs, which also disproportionately help the middle and upper class over the poor. Republicans have, even when the top marginal tax rate is about half of what it was under Ronald Reagan, obsessed about tax cuts and spending levels rather than the efficacy of the spending or the degree of opportunity for advancement. Neither side wants to talk much about social issues (e.g. single parenthood, violent and destructive popular culture), and both the left and right are conspiring to sink Common Core with no alternative system of standards to raise our children’s competitiveness against foreign students.
This suggests therefore that reform conservatives, who are increasingly focusing on policy that promotes upward mobility and addresses the needs of those at the bottom of the socioeconomic level, are on to something. They aren’t promoting liberal ideas (higher taxes, more spending) as right-wing critics claim; rather they are looking at the other side of the equation, the side Harvard grads tell us is hurting. Promoting opportunity, reforming schools, encouraging civil society (to provide a network of support for those mired in poverty) and even embracing tax reform that looks at policy goals (e.g. increasing the child tax credit) all seek to apply conservative principles to the aspects of our society that are malfunctioning. This — for all the talk of the libertarian moment – is not, by the way, a libertarian approach that disclaims government responsibility for opportunity creation and is indifferent to the social outcomes of free-market policies. To the contrary, this is about applying conservative policy innovation to marginalized people and ensuring that upward mobility continues to be a central feature of American society.
In short, elite universities may have identified the problem, but they may be making it worse. Perhaps it is time to embrace conservative reform, given that the liberal welfare state has failed so miserably.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410201486/1410201486000/1410201486 tracking: {authors=Jennifer Rubin, blog_name=right-turn, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=tax-harvard-reject-the-status-quo-and-reform-the-welfare-state, post_id=28118, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 6:38:06 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 6:38:06 PM

India wants China to set up manufacturing unitsIndia wants China to set up manufacturing units in the country
PTI Sep 8, 2014, 06.50PM IST
Tags:
China
(Commerce and Industry Minister…)
NEW DELHI: India today asked China to invest in setting up manufacturing units in the country to bridge the widening trade deficit and create jobs in the country.
Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said India has signed an agreement with China in June to set up Chinese Industrial Parks in India.
"We are expecting Chinese to come and invest in India. We have been able to convince Chinese to manufacture those goods which they export...It is going to create more jobs in the country," Sitharaman told reporters here.
She also said that both India and China are expecting announcements during the forthcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping to India this month.
"With regard to Chinese President visit, we are expecting a lot and they are also expecting a lot...hopefully there will be lots of announcements," she said.
In the last three months, Sitharaman has visited China twice and discussed various ways to enhance trade and investment between the countries.
The bilateral trade between the countries stood at $65.85 billion in 2013-14. The trade deficit was about $35 billion.
India has time and again sought greater market access for Indian goods and services in the Chinese market. India is asking China to open its market for Indian IT and Pharmaceuticals besides stepping up investments to compensate the trade deficit.
India is expecting China to set up four industrial parks in different states.
China has invested only $410 million during April 2000 and June 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nearly a third of U.S. women have experienced domestic violenceBy Elahe Izadi September 8 Follow @ElaheIzadi
In this video taken from a hotel elevator security camera, Ray Rice (in foreground) is shown shortly before he punches his then-fiancee, Janay Palmer, in February 2014. The video was published Monday by TMZ Sports. (TMZ)
The abuse portrayed in the video  that led to Ray Rice’s contract termination shows Rice striking his then-fiancee, Janay Palmer, hitting her against an elevator wall, and dragging her out. The violent act has been widely condemned. It’s also all too common: More than 31 percent of women in the United States have been physically abused by an intimate partner at some point in their lives, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
That troubling statistic comes from the agency’s National Intimate Partner and Sexual Violence Survey , released just last week. Researchers conducted more than 12,000 phone interviews in 2011, and also found that 19.3 percent of women (almost one in five) had been raped .
Intimate partner violence covers “physical, sexual or psychological harm” by a current or former partner, according to the CDC. In addition to experiencing physical abuse by a partner, an estimated 22.3 percent of women (and 14 percent of men) have experienced severe physical violence at the hands of an intimate partner.
Among the most common types of severe violence women experienced by intimate partners: being slammed against something and being hit with a fist or hard object.
Percentage of women who have experienced domestic violence, by type | Create Infographics
The survey also captured forms of non-physical abuse, with nearly half of women in the United States having experienced at least one act of psychological aggression by an intimate partner at some point in their lives. Psychological and emotional violence covers acts such as threats and coercion.
A 2003 CDC study funded by Congress found far-reaching impacts of such violence against women and zeroed in on the costs of such violence on everything from medical bills to lost time at work. Using survey data from 1995 — the same year 1,252 women were killed by an intimate partner — the CDC estimated physical abuse against a woman by an intimate partner results in 1.8 million injuries each year, with more than 500,000 of such injuries requiring medical care.
More than a quarter of such female abuse victims speak to a mental health professional. The survey also estimated 17.5 percent of women physically abused by their partners lost time from paid work.
Of course, all of these studies are the result of women actually telling researchers that they were abused. While the response rate for the 2011 survey wasn’t all that high (about 33 percent), CDC researchers conclude that the results likely underestimate how common such violence is in the United States.
“Victims who are involved in violent relationships or who have recently experienced severe forms of violence might be less likely to participate in surveys or might not be willing to disclose their experiences because of unresolved emotional trauma or concern for their safety,” researchers note.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post. She can be reached at elahe.izadi@washpost.com and on Twitter @ ElaheIzadi .
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410208484/1410208484000/1410208484 tracking: {authors=Elahe Izadi, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=nearly-a-third-of-u-s-women-have-experienced-domestic-violence, post_id=11187, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 8:34:44 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 8:34:44 PM

Live video feed of the Ninth Circuit oral arguments on same-sex marriageBy Dale Carpenter September 8
You can watch it at this link . It was supposed to start at 1 p.m. Pacific (4 p.m. Eastern), but the judges are running on California time.
Dale Carpenter is the Distinguished University Teaching Professor and Earl R. Larson Professor of Civil Rights & Civil Liberties Law at the University of Minnesota Law School. He teaches and writes in the areas of constitutional law; the freedoms of speech, association, and religion; and sexual orientation and the law.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410207002/1410207002000/1410207002 tracking: {authors=Dale Carpenter, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=live-video-feed-of-the-ninth-circuit-oral-argument-on-same-sex-marriage, post_id=13033, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 8:10:02 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 8:10:02 PM

Among the rescued  28 of Pakistan golf teamPrint
Written by Pranav Kulkarni | Srinagar | Posted: September 9, 2014 3:05 am
For an Army rescue boat in Srinagar, one call of help came from a group of women who, it turned out, were Pakistani nationals. And when three of them came on board, the Army learnt there were 28 of them, men, women and even a 10-year old girl, Aksa Jamshed, trapped at three locations within Srinagar. In India to participate in the SAARC Golf Tournament, since cancelled, the group was taken to Badami Bagh Cantonment and arrangements were made to send them to Lahore.
Faiza Malik, 57, of Nisar Colony in Lahore Cantonment reached Srinagar last week. She was sleeping on the first floor of her hotel Saturday night when her husband told her to move to the second floor as water started rushing into their room. “By the time we reached the second floor, the first floor was completely filled with water. Water kept rushing through the windows all night. It was frightening,” Malik said after she was ferried to B Cantonment.
With no water, food, electricity, mobile network and sanitation facilities, the group, split into batches of three, spent two nights and all of Sunday, as one of the women put it, “losing hope with every passing moment”.
The grateful group says the rescue operations that followed were “unexpected”. “Normally, one thinks differently of the Indian Army. We too had lost hope but the systematic manner in which we were rescued, we praise the Indian Army,” said Tariq Malik, 62, of Lahore Cantonment.
The first question many asked after being rescued Monday morning was the status of Imran Khan-led siege in Pakistan. The little girl was, however, more concerned about what she would get to eat. “I was hungry. There was nothing to eat and it was dark everywhere,” Aksa said.
“The Army has recorded the addresses and passport numbers of all the Pakistani nationals. We have evacuated them to Nehru Park helipad from where they will be taken to the airport for movement to Delhi or their destination in Pakistan,” said Col Bridges Pandey, Col GS (IW), Headquarters 15 Corps, Srinagar.

Reminders that never quite sank inPrint
Residents of Srinagar struggle against sudden and strong water currents in this photo taken Thursday. Source: AP
Written by Praveen Swami | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:57 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 11:01 am
Since 1893, flood after flood has shown how vulnerable Srinagar is with the Jhelum being hemmed in. And generation after generation has ignored the warnings.
Large trees were torn up by the roots and carried into the midst of cultivation,” the colonial administrator Walter Lawrence heard from those who had seen Kashmir’s ravaged landscape. “The Wular lake dotted with ricks of oilseed and barley, rising ground strewn with the fragments of city bridges and the wooden ruins of dwelling-houses, and here and there corpses of men and cattle tossing on the stream indicated a great and sudden calamity.
“In the Deosar tahsil,” Lawrence went on, “a bear and a panther were found drowned side by side, while in the Uttar Machipura, a huge python was carried down to the plains.”
Lawrence’s words could have been written by a journalist now reporting the tragedy unfolding in Jammu and Kashmir — with a key difference. Though great floods aren’t unprecedented in the state, the scale of the devastation in 2014 is likely the highest in recorded history.
The colonial bureaucrat would likely have been unsurprised.
For generations now, the impact humans have made in manufacturing disasters has been well known. “I have pointed,” Lawrence wrote, “… how generation after generation has hemmed in the river as it passes Srinagar, and have shown that the Wular lake, which is the natural delta of the river, is gradually filling up from silt. The flood of 1893,” he noted with optimism, “was a great calamity, but it has had the good effect of warning the State that valuable house property in Srinagar was inadequately protected.”
Each generation in fact ignored those warnings — with the tragic outcome being seen now.
View Larger Map
Kashmir’s great floods
The anti-flood works Lawrence called for didn’t start in earnest until 1903. That July, two weeks of rain turned the Kashmir valley into a giant lake. Forty miles of road — a significant proportion of the total at the time — was destroyed. In Srinagar, more than 3,000 houses collapsed. The summer crop was wiped out.
In his contemporary chronicle The Charm of Kashmir, V C Scott O’Connor records local testimony that the Dal Lake rose 10 feet in 30 minutes — an improbable claim, but one that illustrates how deeply the disaster was embedded in popular memory. Hakim Habibullah, a Kashmiri poet, wrote the Sailab Nama, an account of the events of this great flood, which claimed over 80 lives.
Maharaja Amar Singh called science to his aid. Dykes were put up to guard the banks of the Jhelum. In 1904, a spill channel was cut bypassing Srinagar, which still runs on the road from the airport to the city. In 1906, a weir was built at Chhattabal, and the following year, dredging works were continued…

One by one  Mamatas loyal brigade slam Shah  BJP  CBI(From left to right) Nayana Bandyopadhyay, Partha Chatterjee, Abhishek Banerjee and Sudip Bandyopadhyay during an election rally in Kolkata Monday. (Source: Express photo by Partha Paul)
Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:55 am
Campaigning for TMC’s bypoll candidate Nayana Bandopadhyay, Trinamool Yuva on Monday took  on BJP national president Amit Shah during an event attended by the party’s entire top brass.
MP Abhishek Banerjee, Yuva president and Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee’s nephew lambasted Shah’s overtures on Mamata’s involvement in multi-crore Saradha scam, saying the BJP president had come all the way from Delhi “only to taint the image of Mamata and her party”.
“Who are you? Haridas Pal? Where were you when movements of Singur and Nandigram were on? Where was Amit Shah at that time…where was Modi and where was BJP?” Abhishek, drawing a striking resemblance to her aunt’s mannerisms, lashed out.
Replying to Shah’s question as to why Mamata did not go on a hunger strike after Saradha scam surfaced, Abhishek said, “When Singur and Nandigram happened, she was not the CM. Now that she is, she did what a CM should do and got Sudipta Sen arrested along with arranging funds for the five lakh people who had been duped.”
He said that the central government was using the CBI and a section of media to defame Mamata. “If you conduct impartial investigation, we will give you full cooperation,” he said, while quoting from Rabindranath Tagore’s work.
He finished his speech with a dig at the media, saying “it does not appreciate the rise of Mamata from dust to the seat of the CM.”
Ministers and MPs who took to the dais ahead of him, too, spoke on similar lines, blaming the Centre and alleging that it was using the CBI and the media against the TMC.
Sonali Guha said a similar attempt was carried out before the panchayat and Lok Sabha elections but the people of Bengal saw through those and voted for the TMC.
Saugata Roy termed Shah “an insignificant BJP worker until he became the party’s national president”. He put the question back at BJP state president Rahul Sinha, asking him to explain how many of his party workers have ever sat on a hunger strike or gone to jail.
He then pointed out Mamata’s “honesty” by citing that she got one of her own MPs arrested when she found out about the Saradha scam. “It is all just a well-planned effort by Shah to taint Mamata’s image but war-mongers like him will not succeed in Bengal,” he said, ending his speech.
In her brief address, Sashi Panja pointed out Mamata’s “three quick steps” when Saradha scam surfaced. “She put up Shyamal Sen Commission, passed the West Bengal Small Savings Bill and returned Rs 500 crore to investors.”
Subrata Bakshi said the “it’s a difficult time for Bengal politics”. “The by-elections won’t change the continued…

India signs FTA in services  investments wit...India signs free trade agreement in services, investments with ASEAN
PTI Sep 9, 2014, 04.06AM IST
Tags:
ASEAN
(Under the circulation process,…)
NEW DELHI: India signed a free trade pact in services and investment with the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) on Monday in New Delhi. The accord is aimed at allowing freer movement of professionals and encouraging investment.
"The agreement will help provide market access to Indian professionals in the Asean region including those from the IT/ITeS (information technology enabled services) sector," a commerce department official said.
India signed a free trade agreement (FTA) in goods with the bloc in 2009. India was keen on the services deal as it did not gain much from the pact on goods due to already lower tariffs in the region.
New Delhi feels the services deal will help it reduce the trade deficit with Asean. Negotiations for the deal had begun in 2005.
Asean — comprising Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam — and India are targeting $100 billion in trade by 2015. Nine out of 10 Asean countries have signed the accord, while the Philippines is expected to do so soon after completing domestic procedures.
The services pact signed with Asean covers issues such as transparency, domestic regulations, recognition, market access, national treatment, increasing participation of developing countries, joint committee on services, review, dispute settlement and denial of benefits, a commerce department official said.
The Agreement on Services & Investment had been scheduled to be signed in Myanmar, during the Asean Economic Ministers (AEM) meeting last month. However, commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharman had to cancel her visit to Myanmar due to the national launch of the Prime Minister's Jan Dhan Yojana financial inclusion programme.
India then proposed a circulation process, with each member separately signing the agreement. The deal will come into effect only after all members have signed the pact.
India is also part of the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) negotiations between Asean and six partner countries.
RCEP is a 16-member grouping of 10 Asean countries and six others - Australia, China, India, Japan, South Korea and New Zealand - that have free trade agreements with it. The grouping accounts for 40% of world trade.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ebooks help out-of-print classics return on ...Amazon
(With millions getting on…)
BANGALORE: The millennial generation may not have heard of Malayalam novelist Pamman, but his novels that titillated young Malayalees in the 1970s and 80s are once again selling like hot cakes, thanks to an app that sells the ebook versions cheap.
His books, including Chattakari, which went viral among adolescent readers when they first published, have sold more than 10,000 copies on the app in the past few months. Including Ekach Pyala, an acclaimed out-of-print Marathi title from the 1980s and Chanakya Niti, readers have downloaded more than 3.5 million ebooks on the app NewsHunt. That's more than enough for any publisher to sit up and take notice.
"The numbers are quite staggering and I think we are just getting started with ebooks," said Gautam John, who is on the advisory board of Pratham Books , a children's book publisher which focuses on digital content.
With millions getting on to smartphones, books ranging from out-of-print classics to pulp fiction are making a comeback. Although ebooks don't account for a significant share (estimated to be less than 1 per cent) of the publishing market yet, this could be the early signs of an inflection point for the $2-billion (Rs 12,000-crore) book publishing industry in the country.
"It is early for ebooks in India. But in the long term, there is a lot of growth," said Jaya Jha, co-founder of InstaScribe, a solution that helps authors create ebooks for different platforms such as Amazon's Kindle, Kobo or Apple's iBooks. Globally, consumer books revenue grew in 2013 after many years of decline as ebook sales made up for the fall in print revenues, according to the 2013 Global Entertainment & Media Outlook published by advisory PwC.
One in every four publishers surveyed by industry body FICCI said growth in e-content consumption is more than 20 per cent yearly. For academic book publishers, "ebooks cannibalising print" was listed as one of the top three challenges.
Among publishers, those focusing fiction and children's books were the most bullish on ebooks, the survey said. It isn't easy to reach these new set of readers though. "The Indian ebook scene hasn't picked up as fast as it should (have)," said author Rasana Atreya . Nearly 1,000 copies of her e-book 'Tell a Thousand Lies' have been selling on Amazon every month for the past twoand-a-half years.
Most of her buyers are from the US or overseas markets. Challenges include the very low penetration of dedicated ebook readers such as Kindle, electronic payments and lack of availability of readily usable content. "Dedicated ebook readers haven't picked up," said Atreya. Ebook readers, such as the Wink e-reader & Pi ebook reader, launched before tablet sales took off, have not been successful. However, with tablets and growing smartphone penetration, ebooks have started selling better.
Vishal Anand , the chief product officer at VerSe, the company that made NewsHunt, said there is very little readily usable content to create ebooks in India. "It's largely an unchartered territory," he said. To identify which books to publish, Anand and his team had to scout railway station book stalls across the country.
The company also employs dozens of people to scan or transcribe physical books to digital formats. With very few readers having access to electronic payment methods, getting paid for the books was also a challenge.
"The worst problem comes in the form of payment gateways not even supporting companies dealing with digital goods and content," said Amit Goel , the founder of Patterbuzz, a platform on which readers can buy articles for as little as Rs 1. NewsHunt tied up with telecom service providers to solve that issue. Every time someone buys a book, the cost is added to the buyer's phone bill.
Patterbuzz uses carrier billing and payment solutions from Google and Apple. However, operators take a large cut out of the sales. "It is the easiest payment option. But most of the times operators take over 50 per cent of the money," said Goel. On an average, books on NewsHunt are priced at about Rs 50-60.
FEATURED ARTICLES

E-commerce entities driving advertising spe...E-commerce entities driving advertising spend in 2014: GroupM's CVL Srinivas
Shambhavi Anand, ET Bureau Sep 9, 2014, 04.00AM IST
("E-commerce is definitely…)
NEW DELHI: GroupM, India's largest media planning and buying agency, said it has revised upward its forecast for growth in advertising expenditure in India for 2014 thanks to high spending by e-commerce companies, fast moving consumer goods makers and political parties in the first half of the year.
The WPP agency has raised its growth forecast for calendar 2014 to 12.5 per cent from 11.6 per cent. "E-commerce is definitely turning out to be the star of the year for ad spend growth," CVL Srinivas, CEO, GroupM South Asia, told ET. Apart from the growth in the three sectors mentioned above in the January-June period, the outlook on auto, durables and retail is strong in the coming months.
The positive sentiment will take a while to translate to real ad spend growth as several macroeconomic and policy related matters need to still fall in place. "The first six months of this calendar year saw a 14 per cent growth in ad spends at an overall level," Srinivas said.
"Smartphone companies have also increased their advertising spend although mostly towards the second half of the year." GroupM's revised annual estimated advertising expenditure (AdEx) in India is part of a global report called This Year, Next Year (TYNY) 2014, which forecasts global advertising investments to finally exceed the precrisis peak of 2007-8 in real terms in 2015 at $560 billion, 5 per cent more than the 2014 estimate. The heavy spending by ecommerce players and smartphone makers will also be reflected in the upcoming festive season which starts with Onam and continues until Diwali.
"Categories that traditionally focus on the festive season like consumer durables, retail and auto are expected to see a surge in spends in the coming months. E-commerce is expected to continue showing strong growth. Government is expected to step up spending as more schemes roll out. There will also be political advertising linked to assembly elections starting soon. All put together, it looks like the festive season will see a healthy double-digit growth over the previous year," Srinivas added.
According to the GroupM report, ad spend on television is set to grow to 14.8 per cent in the second half of the year, against the previously predicted 12 per cent although digital media continues to show the maximum growth with 35 per cent, albeit on a smaller base.
"Digital continues to show the strongest growth at 35 per cent and by end of 2014 will account for about 8 per cent of the total AdEx. TV continues to grow in strong double digits. Regional dailies are helping the overall print segment grow. Cinema advertising is expected to pick up with big titles lined up over the next few months. This festive season is expected to be good for all media as advertisers attempt to create a big impact over a four-to-six week period," Srinivas added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Leapfrog nets $400m from new investorsSeptember 8, 2014 11:41 pm
LeapFrog attracts $400m with a chance to do good
By Anne-Sylvaine Chassany in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1f5c50d4-3760-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple s Emotional BrandingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

After bribe sting  Aam Aadmi Party hopes to gain political groundThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Also point to note is that both cairn and hindustan zinc board are mee...36 Followers
Dear All MMB,
Generally in the past year the board of directors of the co.were held in the month of October year to declare Q-@ result and Interim dividend. But this time they are considering only Interim dividend in the month of September.which is one month ahead.Doe`s  it means the G.O.India going to sell out the 29% before October ?
Or are co. is considering special Dividend of Rs. 70 or so this time ?
Please share the views .
In reply to : BSE/NSE Announcer message
3.53 PM Sep 6th

Nifty above 8150. not much steam left in nifty. now its time for non n...Gold Member
5 Followers
Nifty above 8150. Not much steam left in nifty. Now its time for non nifty stock. Tgb has just started to participate. I am expecting 25% upmove in month or two. Expect 220.
4.21 AM Sep 9th  | Track

Money reminds me of the song " sadey naal raho gay to aish karo g...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Delhi Development AuthorityStocks in news: ICICI Bank, Hindalco, Biocon, Sasken, JSPL
Sep 10, 2014 at 08:17 | Source: CNBC-TV18
ICICI Bank | Hindalco Industries | SBI | Wockhardt | SAIL | ONGC | Coal India | NHPC | IRB Infrastructure | Jubilant Life | Sasken Communications | Biocon | Hindustan Zinc | Godrej Industries | Puravankara Projects and Jindal Steel are stocks, which are in the news today.
My Fair Lady: Outcome of board meeting
Sep 05, 2014 at 19:54 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
MFL India in its meeting held on September 05, 2014, has discussed and approved the Board Decide to change its registered office to C-4/28, Aacharya Niketan Mayur Vihar, Ph-1, Delhi - 110091 with in town and for this Mr. Anil Thukral is authorized to file subsequent forms to registrar of companies.
Govt seeks affidavit from coal, lignite block allottees
Sep 03, 2014 at 18:28 | Source: PTI
The Coal Ministry, which earlier sought the report on the coal blocks from the companies, is now insisting on affidavits so that they could be placed before the apex court.
ADIA replaces GFC as fin partner for Adani's Panvel proj
Sep 03, 2014 at 13:26 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Sources say the project will be developed by Adani Infra & Developers. ADIA will pool in over USD 300-400 million stake held by GFC.
Booth's New Call Telecom looks to partner Indian players
Aug 22, 2014 at 18:08 | Source: CNBC-TV18
As a part of CNBC-TV18s RD-360 series, market expert Ramesh Damani spoke to economist and author Jerome Booth and discussed his concerns in the developed markets and his outlook on India and the other emerging markets.
L&T shares gain further, wins 3 water project orders
Aug 22, 2014 at 13:12 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
The water and renewable energy business of L&T construction, the brand of L&T, has secured new orders worth Rs 1,283 crore in July and August.
Review: Industrial & infrastructure clusters in India
Aug 19, 2014 at 16:33 | Source: Jones Lang LaSalle
Several manufacturing companies such as Maruti Suzuki, Ranbaxy Laboratories, Escorts Group, Honda, GSK Consumer and Nestl India are present in the NCR.
Cook for a Smile: Cooking for a cause
Aug 19, 2014 at 15:43 | Source: CNBC-TV18
It is time for the magnets of the north to cook up a delicious meal as Cook For A Smile makes its debut at the Hyatt Regency in New Delhi. Contribution from the privileged section of the society paves the way for successful development, aims to create awarness about malnourishment at national level.
Globus Constructors: Outcome of board meeting
Aug 14, 2014 at 15:40 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Globus Constructors & Developers has received order from Regional Director (NR) on August 12, 2014 for alteration to the situation clause in the memorandum of association of the Company in respect of shifting of registered office of the Company from the National Capital Territory of Delhi to the State of Rajasthan.
Modi sets ambitious FY15 targets for Indian infra sector
Aug 13, 2014 at 20:30 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The PM has directed the Airport Authority of India to invest Rs 934crore in FY15 versus Rs 564 crore in FY14. He has also asked for new international airports to be declared in Bhopal, Indore and Raipur as well as the development of 50 airports in Tier 1, 2 & 3 cities and commencement of work in 5 cities.
Stocks in news: ICICI Bank, Hindalco, Biocon, Sasken, JSPL
Sep 10, 2014 at 08:17 | Source: CNBC-TV18
ICICI Bank | Hindalco Industries | SBI | Wockhardt | SAIL | ONGC | Coal India | NHPC | IRB Infrastructure | Jubilant Life | Sasken Communications | Biocon | Hindustan Zinc | Godrej Industries | Puravankara Projects and Jindal Steel are stocks, which are in the news today.
My Fair Lady: Outcome of board meeting
Sep 05, 2014 at 19:54 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
MFL India in its meeting held on September 05, 2014, has discussed and approved the Board Decide to change its registered office to C-4/28, Aacharya Niketan Mayur Vihar, Ph-1, Delhi - 110091 with in town and for this Mr. Anil Thukral is authorized to file subsequent forms to registrar of companies.
Govt seeks affidavit from coal, lignite block allottees
Sep 03, 2014 at 18:28 | Source: PTI
The Coal Ministry, which earlier sought the report on the coal blocks from the companies, is now insisting on affidavits so that they could be placed before the apex court.
ADIA replaces GFC as fin partner for Adani's Panvel proj
Sep 03, 2014 at 13:26 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Sources say the project will be developed by Adani Infra & Developers. ADIA will pool in over USD 300-400 million stake held by GFC.
Booth's New Call Telecom looks to partner Indian players
Aug 22, 2014 at 18:08 | Source: CNBC-TV18
As a part of CNBC-TV18s RD-360 series, market expert Ramesh Damani spoke to economist and author Jerome Booth and discussed his concerns in the developed markets and his outlook on India and the other emerging markets.
L&T shares gain further, wins 3 water project orders
Aug 22, 2014 at 13:12 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
The water and renewable energy business of L&T construction, the brand of L&T, has secured new orders worth Rs 1,283 crore in July and August.
Review: Industrial & infrastructure clusters in India
Aug 19, 2014 at 16:33 | Source: Jones Lang LaSalle
Several manufacturing companies such as Maruti Suzuki, Ranbaxy Laboratories, Escorts Group, Honda, GSK Consumer and Nestl India are present in the NCR.
Cook for a Smile: Cooking for a cause
Aug 19, 2014 at 15:43 | Source: CNBC-TV18
It is time for the magnets of the north to cook up a delicious meal as Cook For A Smile makes its debut at the Hyatt Regency in New Delhi. Contribution from the privileged section of the society paves the way for successful development, aims to create awarness about malnourishment at national level.
Globus Constructors: Outcome of board meeting
Aug 14, 2014 at 15:40 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Globus Constructors & Developers has received order from Regional Director (NR) on August 12, 2014 for alteration to the situation clause in the memorandum of association of the Company in respect of shifting of registered office of the Company from the National Capital Territory of Delhi to the State of Rajasthan.
Modi sets ambitious FY15 targets for Indian infra sector
Aug 13, 2014 at 20:30 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The PM has directed the Airport Authority of India to invest Rs 934crore in FY15 versus Rs 564 crore in FY14. He has also asked for new international airports to be declared in Bhopal, Indore and Raipur as well as the development of 50 airports in Tier 1, 2 & 3 cities and commencement of work in 5 cities.
Videos »

Morgan Stanley upgrades Marico; cuts Dabur  Godrej ConsumerAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Stock market shocker: India falls in WEF global ranking  beaten even by PakistanAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

At meet with Moody s  India pitches for rating upgrade  vows to check fiscal deficitAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

God particle  could destroy us anytime: Stephen HawkingAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

The real unionist problemSeptember 8, 2014 3:42 pm
A bad campaign is not the real unionist problem for Scotland
By Janan Ganesh
The adhesives of empire, existential threats, Protestantism, armed forces have gone or are fading
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/df8e3328-34df-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Police seizure of motorists  cash on rise  netting $2.5 billion since 9/11Police seizure of motorists' cash on rise, netting $2.5 billion since 9/11
Traffic stop
Nuccio DiNuzzo / Chicago Tribune
Police officer Jim Elwart, member of the Wheeling Police Department in Wheeling, Ill., makes a traffic stop triggered by a headlight being out. The driver received only a written warning.
Police officer Jim Elwart, member of the Wheeling Police Department in Wheeling, Ill., makes a traffic stop triggered by a headlight being out. The driver received only a written warning. (Nuccio DiNuzzo / Chicago Tribune)
By Michael Sallah, Robert O'Harrow Jr. and Steven Rich, Washington Post
Police seizures of motorists' cash is on the rise, raising questions of constitutionality.
Private firms teach police officers vigilance in the wake of 9/11, reaping $2.5 billion of motorists' cash.
Police pull over motorists for minor violations and search for suspicious signs, such as a lot of cash.
WASHINGTON _ After the terror attacks on Sept. 11, 2001, the government called on police to become the eyes and ears of homeland security on America's highways.
Local officers, county deputies and state troopers were encouraged to act more aggressively in searching for suspicious people, drugs and other contraband. The departments of Homeland Security and Justice spent millions on police training.
The effort succeeded, but it had an impact that has been largely hidden from public view: the spread of an aggressive brand of policing that has spurred the seizure of hundreds of millions of dollars in cash from motorists and others not charged with crimes, a Washington Post investigation found. Thousands of people have been forced to fight legal battles that can last more than a year to get their money back.
"Encouraging police to initiate searches for the purpose of seizing cash or other assets, rather than to seize evidence to be used in a prosecution, is a dangerous development," - Clifford Fishman, a law professor at Catholic University and former New York City prosecutor.
Behind the rise in seizures is a little-known cottage industry of private police-training firms that teach the techniques of "highway interdiction" to departments across the country.
One of those firms created a private intelligence network known as Black Asphalt Electronic Networking & Notification System that enabled police nationwide to share detailed reports about American motorists — criminals and the innocent alike — including their Social Security numbers, addresses and identifying tattoos, as well as hunches about which drivers to stop.
Many of the reports have been funneled to federal agencies and fusion centers as part of the government's burgeoning law enforcement intelligence systems — despite warnings from state and federal authorities that the information could violate privacy and constitutional protections.
A thriving subculture of road officers on the network now competes to see who can seize the most cash and contraband, describing their exploits in the network's chat rooms and sharing "trophy shots" of money and drugs. Some police advocate highway interdiction as a way of raising revenue for cash-strapped municipalities.
"All of our home towns are sitting on a tax-liberating gold mine," Deputy Ron Hain of Kane County, Illinois wrote in a self-published book under a pseudonym. Hain is a marketing specialist for Desert Snow, a leading interdiction training firm based in Guthrie, Oklahoma whose founders also created Black Asphalt.
Hain's book calls for "turning our police forces into present-day Robin Hoods."
Cash seizures can be made under state or federal civil law. One of the primary ways police departments are able to seize money and share in the proceeds at the federal level is through a long-standing Justice Department civil asset forfeiture program known as Equitable Sharing. Asset forfeiture is a powerful law enforcement tool that allows the government to take cash and property without pressing criminal charges and then requires the owner to prove their possessions were legally acquired.
"It's all about the money," - James Eagleson, owner of the 4:20 Group, who also once worked at Desert Snow.
The practice has been controversial since its inception at the height of the drug war more than three decades ago, and its abuses have been the subject of journalistic exposes and congressional hearings. But unexplored until now is the role of the federal government and the private police trainers in encouraging officers to target cash on the nation's highways since 9/11.
"Those laws were meant to take a guy out for selling $1 million in cocaine or who was trying to launder large amounts of money," said Mark Overton, the police chief in Bal Harbour, Florida who once oversaw a federal drug task force in South Florida. "It was never meant for a street cop to take a few thousand dollars from a driver by the side of the road."
Hmmm, just further evidence that the police profession is in the top 10 professions of sociopaths. Something's wrong with this picture.
bigdogeats
9
To examine the scope of asset forfeiture since the terror attacks, The Washington Post analyzed a database of hundreds of thousands of seizure records at the Justice Department, reviewed hundreds of federal court cases, obtained internal records from training firms and interviewed scores of police, prosecutors and motorists.
The Post found:
* There have been 61,998 cash seizures made on highways and elsewhere since 9/11 without search warrants or indictments through the Equitable Sharing Program, totaling more than $2.5 billion. State and local authorities kept more than $1.7 billion of that while Justice, Homeland Security and other federal agencies received $800 million. Half of the seizures were below $8,800.
* Only a sixth of the seizures were legally challenged, in part because of the costs of legal action against the government. But in 41 percent of cases — 4,455 — where there was a challenge, the government agreed to return money. The appeals process took more than a year in 40 percent of those cases and often required owners of the cash to sign agreements not to sue police over the seizures.
* Hundreds of state and local departments and drug task forces appear to rely on seized cash, despite a federal ban on the money to pay salaries or otherwise support budgets. The Washington Post found that 298 departments and 210 task forces have seized the equivalent of 20 percent or more of their annual budgets since 2008.
* Agencies with police known to be participating in the Black Asphalt intelligence network have seen a 32 percent jump in seizures beginning in 2005, three times the rate of other police departments. Desert Snow-trained officers reported more than $427 million in cash seizures during highway stops in just one five-year period, according to company officials. More than 25,000 police have belonged to Black Asphalt, company officials said.
* State law enforcement officials in Iowa and Kansas prohibited the use of the Black Asphalt network because of concerns that it might not be a legal law enforcement tool. A federal prosecutor in Nebraska warned that Black Asphalt reports could violate laws governing civil liberties, the handling of sensitive law enforcement information and the disclosure of pretrial information to defendants. But officials at Justice and Homeland Security continued to use it.
Justice spokesman Peter Carr said the department had no comment on The Washington Post's overall findings. But he said the department has a compliance review process in place for the Equitable Sharing Program and attorneys for federal agencies must review the seizures before they are "adopted" for inclusion in the program.
"Adoptions of state and local seizures — when a state and local law enforcement agency requests a federal seizing agency to adopt a state and local seizure for federal forfeiture — represent an average of only 3 percent of the total forfeiture amount since 2007," Carr said.
The Justice Department data released to The Washington Post does not contain information about race. Carr said the department prohibits racial profiling. In 400 federal court cases examined by The Washington Post where people challenged seizures and received some money back, the majority were black, Hispanic or another minority.
Too much cash
For many innocents caught in the seizure net, the biggest misstep was carrying more cash than police thought was normal for law-abiding citizens.
A 55-year-old Chinese American restaurateur from Georgia was pulled over for minor speeding on Interstate 10 in Alabama and detained for nearly two hours. He was carrying $75,000 raised from relatives to buy a Chinese restaurant in Lake Charles, Louisian. He got back his money 10 months later but only after spending thousands of dollars on a lawyer and losing out on the restaurant deal.
A 40-year-old Hispanic carpenter from New Jersey was stopped on Interstate 95 in Virginia for having tinted windows. Police said he appeared nervous and consented to a search. They took $18,000 that he said was meant to buy a used car. He had to hire a lawyer to get back his money.
Mandrel Stuart, a 35-year-old African American owner of a small barbecue restaurant in Staunton, Virginia, was stunned when police took $17,550 from him during a stop in 2012 for a minor traffic infraction on Interstate 66 in Fairfax. He rejected a settlement with the government for half of his money and demanded a jury trial. He eventually got his money back but lost his business because he didn't have the cash to pay his overhead.
"I paid taxes on that money. I worked for that money," Stuart said. "Why should I give them my money?"
Private firms train police on vigilance since 9/11
Steven Peterson, a former U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration agent who arranged highway interdiction training through a company called the 4:20 Group, said that patrol officers used to try to make their names with large drug busts. He said he saw that change when agency leaders realized that cash seizures could help their departments during lean times.
Hmmm, just further evidence that the police profession is in the top 10 professions of sociopaths. Something's wrong with this picture.
bigdogeats
9
"They saw this as a way to provide equipment and training for their guys," Peterson said. "If you seized large amounts of cash, that's the gift that keeps on giving."
There is no question that state and federal forfeiture programs have crippled powerful drug-trafficking organizations, thwarted an assortment of criminals and brought millions to financially stressed police departments.
Advocates of highway interdiction say it plays a important role in protecting the public and that officers take care to respect the rights of citizens.
"We don't go hunting for money in general," said Officer Mike DeWald, a member of the police department in Sandy Springs, Georgia who has served as a trainer for 4:20. "I never have been pressured to go after money. We are in pursuit of the criminal element."
Police trainers said that their work has helped make the country safer by teaching police to be more vigilant in identifying drug smugglers and terrorists.
"9/11 caused a lot of officers to realize they should be out there looking for those kind of people," said David Frye, a part-time Nebraska county deputy sheriff who serves as chief instructor at Desert Snow and was operations director of Black Asphalt. "When money is taken from an organization, it hurts them more than when they lose the drugs."
Frye and Desert Snow's founder, a former California highway patrolman named Joe David, defended Black Asphalt, which David started in 2004. They said they have taken steps in recent years to ensure that the informal police network complies with state and federal laws. David declined to speak to The Washington Post.
"The Black Asphalt is not flawless, however the intent behind it is," David and Frye wrote in a letter in 2012 sent to police and obtained by The Washington Post. "The information being moved through the system has proven itself reliable on hundreds of occasions. Much more reliable than any criminal informant. The results have been staggering. It has proven itself an extremely valuable tool for law enforcement."
Hain, Desert Snow's marketing official, said "the operational and software platforms of the Desert Snow site and Black Asphalt site are completely separate." He said Black Asphalt is "a secure system for intelligence sharing" and does not store information.
"No personal identifying information from seizure reports have ever been collected or stored by the Black Asphalt," Hain said. "The Black Asphalt software is simply a pass-through system that allows the user to input data, which is then sent directly, via email, to a select group of law enforcement (i.e. local investigators, ICE Bulk Cash Smuggling Center, DEA agents, etc.). Again, none of the personal information is held within the system, only the summary of the seizure. And then the seizure narratives are only maintained for 21 days before they get purged."
The Washington Post obtained hundreds of Black Asphalt records from law enforcement sources with access to the system.
Among Black Asphalt's features is a section called BOLO, or "be on the lookout," where police who join the network can post tips and hunches. In April, Aurora, Colorado Police Officer James Waselkow pulled over a white Ford pickup for tinted windows. Waselkow said he thought the driver, a Mexican national, was suspicious in part because he wore a University of Wyoming cap.
"He had no idea where he was going, what hotel he was staying in or who with," Waselkow wrote. The officer searched the vehicle with the driver's consent but found no contraband. But he was still suspicious, so he posted the driver's license plate on Black Asphalt. "Released so someone else can locate the contraband," he wrote. "Happy hunting!"
Waselkow's department did not respond to a request for an interview.
Stops and seizures: How it's done
The Washington Post's review of 400 court cases, which encompassed seizures in 17 states, provided insights into stops and seizures.
In case after case, highway interdictors appeared to follow a similar script. Police set up what amounted to rolling checkpoints on busy highways and pulled over motorists for minor violations, such as following too closely or improper signaling. They quickly issued warnings or tickets. They studied drivers for signs of nervousness, including pulsing carotid arteries, clenched jaws and perspiration. They also looked for supposed "indicators" of criminal activity, which can include such things as trash on the floor of a vehicle, abundant energy drinks or air-fresheners hanging from rearview mirrors.
One recent stop shows how the process can work in the field.
In December 2012, Frye was working in his capacity as a part-time deputy in Seward County, Nebraska. He pulled over John Anderson of San Clemente, California, who was driving a BMW on Interstate 80 near Lincoln. Frye issued a warning ticket within 13 minutes for failing to signal promptly when changing lanes.
He told Anderson he was finished with the stop. But Frye later noted in court papers that he found several indicators of possible suspicious activity: an air freshener, a radar detector and inconsistencies in the driver's description of his travels.
The officer then asked whether the driver had any cocaine, methamphetamine, heroin or large amounts of cash and sought permission to search the BMW, according to a video of the stop. Anderson denied having drugs or large amounts of cash in his car. He declined to give permission for a search. Frye then radioed for a drug-sniffing dog, and the driver had to wait another 36 minutes for the dog to arrive.
"I'm just going to, basically, have you wait here," Frye told Anderson.
The dog arrived and the handler said it indicated the presence of drugs. But when they searched the car, none was found. They did find money: $25,180.
Frye handcuffed Anderson and told him he was placing him under arrest.
"In Nebraska, drug currency is illegal," Frye said. "Let me tell you something, I've seized millions out here. When I say that, I mean millions. . . . This is what I do."
Frye suggested to Anderson that he might not have been aware of the money in his vehicle and began pressing him to sign a waiver relinquishing the cash, mentioning it at least five times over the next hour, the video shows.
"You're going to be given an opportunity to disclaim the currency," Frye told Anderson. "To sign a form that says, 'That is not my money. I don't know anything about it. I don't want to know anything about it. I don't want to come back to court.' "
Frye said that unless the driver agreed to give up the money, a prosecutor would "want to charge" him with a crime, "so that means you'll go to jail."
Hmmm, just further evidence that the police profession is in the top 10 professions of sociopaths. Something's wrong with this picture.
bigdogeats

Dubai plans $32bn aviation mega-hub© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/52c5c7fc-375b-11e4-971c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amazon to launch phone in UK and GermanySeptember 8, 2014 4:12 pm
Amazon to launch Fire phone in the UK and Germany
By Murad Ahmed and Daniel Thomas in London, and Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/781c6984-375b-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oh Baby Baby! William and Kate Expecting Second Child
Your guide to caring about Destiny  the most pre-ordered video game in historyBy Abby Ohlheiser September 8 Follow @abbyohlheiser
Destiny, a post-apocalyptic video game that comes out on Tuesday for PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, Xbox One and Xbox 360, is the most pre-ordered video game in history. That's according to both retailer Gamestop and publisher Activision, setting up massive expectations for the title even before it's officially on sale.
Although you might have seen the Destiny billboards or other bits of the game's extensive marketing campaign, those who haven't been waiting for its release for years might not really get what the excitement and hype are all about.
This guide probably contains nothing new to those who have already pre-ordered the game, so feel free to keep counting down the hours until midnight. For everyone else, here's a basic rundown of Destiny, and why it's important.
Let's start with the gameplay trailer, which racked up more than 6 million views in just a few weeks:
What's the excitement?
If the trailer above didn't grab you, it might help to understand that this title comes from the makers of one of the most popular games ever. And it's been in the works for a long time. Destiny's developers, Bungie, also developed Halo. Even many non-gamers know about Halo. Please tell me you know about Halo, at least as a cultural reference point. The series is huge. Bungie teased its new project in 2009 during the release of Halo 3 , but fans didn't really hear much more after that until a couple of years ago.
With that in mind, one could think of Destiny as what happens when Halo's creators really, really apply themselves. In other words, gamers (well, many of them) are expecting something spectacular and new and different from Destiny, and they're willing to bet the purchase price on it.
The game's publisher, Activision, certainly hopes that Destiny will reach Halo's cultural heights and beyond, as Gamespot noted. Wired did a big piece on Destiny that goes into this hope in depth.
Building on that excitement: the success of the game's beta, or test, release earlier this summer. More than 4.6 million people downloaded the beta . That's a large city of people, all interested in a months-long test game that they'd then have to buy later. As Polygon notes, Destiny's beta size is about double the amount of players who downloaded the beta version of the hugely-successful Titanfall game, which came out last spring. At the time, Titanfall's beta size made it a "major collective event" in gaming.
Also, one of the game's developers is literally jumping out of a plane to help promote it, so there's that, too.
What's it about? 
Destiny takes place in a post-apocalyptic solar system some time in the future, after a mysterious, cataclysmic event that has devastated most of Earth and wiped out the human race's colonies on other planets. The survivors are concentrated in one Earth city, protected by a mysterious orb called the "Traveler." But the Traveler's protection is limited. Enter the Guardians, humans who guard the city and fight against the hostile aliens now occupying much of humanity's former empire.
Players take on the role of a Guardian and get to choose one of three "classes" to play. Each class comes with different strengths and weaknesses. There are Hunters (space bounty hunters), Warlocks (space wizards) and Titans (space marines). As a Guardian, you explore the expansive world and do what's needed to preserve humanity.
The developers have more plot details in the lengthy "reveal" trailer from 2013 here .
What kind of game is it?
Until actual players get into the world and start figuring it out, that's up to debate. Bungie once called it a "next-gen first person shooter," but it has elements of what are typically called Massively Multiplayer Online games, or MMOs. Those games let you interact with other players over a live server, in addition to the game elements itself. But Bungie insists that Destiny is more than either of those traditional categories. The engineering lead for the game called it a "shared-world shooter," Kotaku reported . As you walk around the world, players will find free-for-all areas and smaller group zones, where the game will "match" you with players instead of just showing you everybody at once all the time.
That boils down to a few things: Destiny players are expecting a lot of character customization, a very open world, a plot that doesn't really have a set ending, and a lot of cool new features. For that reason, the game's makers are encouraging players to withhold their final judgments until they actually spend some quality time with the world. They wrote: "Destiny isn't Destiny without the most crucial component to our living, social world: You."
Bungie seems to be hoping that its inability to clearly explain what, exactly, Destiny is like will translate into an addictive social experience that its early adopters will keep coming back to (ideally, with their friends).
Hey, I still don't care about this game. Are you a liar?
Maybe, I guess. But here's one more thing to keep in mind: This is a big, and growing industry, whether you care about it or not.
Whether it's sales or sexism, general interest publications sometimes lapse into discussing games and gamers as a teeny tiny niche market for a subset of nerds. In fact, it's actually a huge, growing industry that attracts a wide range of people . Depending on the survey, as many as 67 percent of households play games in some capacity -- which, Consumerist noted , places it in the mainstream for cultural consumption alongside TV watchers and moviegoers.
Although over-hyping is always a danger, Destiny could be positioned to become the next big thing in that industry. Even before Tuesday's official launch, its publishers already want the industry to think of it as the latest billion-dollar franchise.
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business/technology, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410202432/1410202432000/1410202432 tracking: {authors=Abby Ohlheiser, blog_name=the-switch, content_category=Business/technology, in_url_headline=your-guide-to-caring-about-destiny-the-most-pre-ordered-video-game-in-history, post_id=31832, section={section=business/technology, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 6:53:52 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 6:53:52 PM

Twitter Tests Shopping Service With  Buy  ButtonAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Letters to the editor: Colonial lawsAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Frequent warnings about dangers of constructionPrint
Written by Sumegha Gulati | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 3:10 am
More than five years ago, the J&K chapter of the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) had predicted widespread devastation due to natural disasters in the Valley. INTACH officials said the Omar Abdullah government had accepted the recommendations in the report, but the project never took off.
The report, prepared in 2009, is learnt to have been focused on the state’s ability to cope with natural disasters, especially with fire and floods.
“We had observed that construction in low-lying areas of Srinagar, especially along the banks of the Jhelum, had blocked discharge channels of the river. The presentation was submitted to the state government,” Saleem Beg, convener of INTACH (J&K), told The Indian Express on Monday.
The INTACH report observed that the Jhelum bund — first built by Dogra ruler Pratap Singh over a century ago with the aim of keeping bungalows of his officers safe from floods, but which was, over the years, concretised and encroached upon, had exacerbated the problem.
“The authorities had thought that concrete will stop the flood, but it only caused more flooding. They should have dredged the Jhelum because its current outflow is improper. The Omar government, after our recommendation, had planned to undertake the dredging project but the idea was dropped,” Beg said.
He added, though, that “given the vast amount of rainfall received”, the flood would likely have been unavoidable in any case.
“The quantity of water received is extremely huge this time, so the current floods could not have been stopped no matter what we did. This would still have happened. But having said that, the state is not prepared for flood management. The low-lying areas in Srinagar such as Rajbagh, Jawahar Nagar, Chanpora etc. are completely under water. The same is the case in almost every city. Parts of Kashmir always get flooded because we have not left any flood channels,” Beg said.
Himanshu Thakkar of South Asia Network on Dams, Rivers and People (SANDRP) said the authorities had been warned of the risks of building when a new hydropower project on the Jhelum was proposed in Ganderbal district recently.
“After the 2013 Uttarakhand floods, we had said that disaster potential studies should be carried out on proposed projects. The point was reiterated in July when the Ganderbal project in Kashmir was proposed. It again came up when the hydropower project in Sach Khas on Chenab came up for environmental clearance last month, in August. But no heed has been paid,” Thakkar told The Indian Express.
A 2012 forecast by the National Institute of Disaster Management (NIDM) too had predicted massive flooding in J&K, Thakkar said.

Commexes turnover dips over 58% till Aug 15 of FY15After sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

NSEL scam: Enforcement Directorate attaches spinning mill plant in Andhra PradeshAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Shia outfit announces Rs 5 cr bounty on 5 top terroristsPrint
Written by Hamza Khan | Lucknow | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:13 am
A Lucknow-based Shia outfit has announced a bounty of Rs 1 crore each on chiefs of five top terrorist organisations of the world, including Al Qaeda, the Taliban, Harkat- ul-Mujahideen (HuM), and the Islamic State, formerly known as ISIS or ISIL.
“We are a charity organisation and for the last 25 years, we have been spreading awareness against terrorism. However, that has yielded little results till now,” said Syed Hasan Mehdi, the secretary general of All India Shia Husaini Fund (AISHF).
“And recently Al Qaeda chief Ayman al – Zawahiri announced an India wing of the outfit, following which we called a meeting on September 6 and decided to put a bounty on Zawahiri’s head, and others,” Hasan said.
Also in the list are Mullah Omar, the chief of Taliban, and Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi of the Islamic State (IS). IS is a Middle-East based Sunni jihadist group which has threatened to demolish all Shiite shrines.
Hafiz Saeed, who is on the most wanted list of National Investigation Agency (NIA) for 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, is also on the list, as is Masood Azhar, who was earlier associated with Harkat- ul-Mujahideen and now heads Jaish – e – Mohammad, Azhar was freed by the Indian government in exchange for passengers on the hijacked Indian Airlines flight in 1999.
“For years they have been killing innocent people; they treat humans worse than animals,” said Hasan.
Posters announcing the bounty have come up in Lucknow and are also being put up in some other parts of the country such as Hyderabad, Delhi, Bangalore and Chennai, he said.
On being asked how the organisation would collect such a huge amount, he said: “Let them kill someone first.”
“Shias number 6 crore in India and funds would automatically flow once any of these five terrorists is killed,” he said, adding “we hope the message reaches the terrorists through social media.”

Bypoll around  Beni avoids visit to Sirathu fearing massive defeatBeni Prasad Verma
Written by Maulshree Seth | Lucknow | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:06 am
Former Union Minister Beni Prasad Verma continues to trouble the Congress leadership. This time around, Verma, who was made incharge of Sirathu Assembly constituency in Kaushambi, is learnt to have refused to visit the constituency.
The party has appointed 11 senior leaders, including former Union ministers as in-charge of each of 11 Assembly constituencies going for bypoll in Uttar Pradesh.
While the official reason cited is that Verma is indisposed, sources close to Verma said his refusal from his fear of an embarrasing defeat in the seat, which the party has not won in past three decades. Verma otherwise is learnt to be travelling between Lucknow and Barabanki (his home town).
Despite providing a slew of facilities in his Lok Sabha constituency, Gonda, Verma, who was Union Steel Minister, had lost his deposit on the seat in the recent election.
With just three days left for campaigning, the Congress cadre in Kaushambi is desperately looking for alternatives.
While Congress state president Nirmal Khatri visited the constituency Sunday, the district unit has requested that another senior leader should camp in the sear for the remaining three days.
“We do not know why but our incharge has not visited us and we have been informed that he would not come. While state president Nirmal Khatri came yesterday, we have requested him to send some other leader for the remaining three days. We have requested for AICC secretary Zubair Khan,” said Kaushambi district president Talat Azim.
Congress had last won the seat in 1985. The party has fielded Lal Chand Kushwaha, who had recently joined the party, as its candidate from Sirathu. The constituency has been a BSP stronghold.
While it was won by BJP’s Keshav Prasad Maurya in 2012, BSP has clinched the seat four times in the past. The seat was vacated by Maurya after he won the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Asked if he would be visiting the constituency in the next three days, Verma told The Indian Express, “I have been given only one assembly constituency (Sirathu) but I have communicated it to the party that I would not be able to visit it because of some health issues.”
Sources said he had travelled to Barabanki even on Monday, and is meeting people both in Lucknow and Barabanki.
Apart from Verma, another former Union Minister RPN Singh has not paid a visit to Bijnor Assembly constituency that he has been allotted. He was, however, scheduled to address his first public meeting there.
“As far as I am aware only one leader has not visited his respective constituency citing his health issues but we are making alternative arrangements,” said Nirmal Khatri.
Out of 11 Assembly constituencies going for byelection in Uttar Pradesh, Congress has not won seven of them in almost last three decades.
Apart from Sirathu, the party had last won Saharanpur, Bijnor, Lucknow-East, Nighasan and Hamirpur in 1985. Whereas Thakurdwara in Moradabad was last won by Congress candidate in 1980.
Congress candidates had come at continued…

Didi a corruption queen  Saradha scam will be her Waterloo  claims NaqviMukhtar Abbas Naqvi (left) and Siddharth Nath Singh in Kolkata Monday. (Source: Express photo by Partha Paul)
Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: September 9, 2014 3:53 am
Taking up from where BJP national president Amit Shah left off on Sunday, the party vice-president and MP Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi continued with bashing the TMC on Monday here by referring to Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee as a “corruption queen”.
“The mood among the people of Bengal is changing against the TMC, which they had voted for hoping it would bring about the positive change it had promised. But with time, corrupt forces have started dominating the party, so the devoted ones in the party are demoralised. Certainly it is the time for another change as the ‘queen of revolution’ has changed to the ‘queen of corruption’ in merely three years,” Naqvi told reporters here.
He claimed that the multi-crore Saradha ponzi scam would prove to be the Waterloo for the present government.
Naqvi also alleged that TMC has now become a party of anti-socials who have defected from the Left parties to join the TMC after the change of guard. “In TMC, the motivated old-timers have been sidelined by the criminals who have come on deputation from the Left,” he said.
Asked about the submission of suspended TMC MP Kunal Ghosh before a city court last week that he should be questioned along with Saradha Group CMD Sudipta Sen and Mamata Banerjee, Naqvi said, “The allegations of former TMC MP Kunal Ghosh has tainted the image of Mamata. BJP is a visible, strong alternative committed to free the people of West Bengal of corruption.”
Reiterating Shah, he said 60-70 per cent of the CM’s work was aimed at the welfare of illegal immigrants.
Asked if devoted TMC workers could join the saffron party, he said, “BJP is a party of ideologically committed cadres. Of course they are welcome, but we have a screening process before anyone is inducted into the party,” he said.
Reacting to the state Congress’ demands for Mamata to step down, he said, “The Congress, ethically should not make such demands because they themselves are up neck deep in corruption.”
Earlier, Naqvi led a BJP delegation comprising BJP’s national spokerperson and central observer of West Bengal, Siddharth Nath Singh, BJP state president Rahul Sinha and party’s state general secretary Asim Sarkar to meet the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) and submitted a memorandum requesting him to ensure free and fair election in the coming bypolls at two Assembly constituencies – Chowringhee and Basirhat (south).
“Since the last Lok Sabha election here, we have seen that law and order in Bengal has been hijacked by anti-social and criminal elements under the protection and patronage of the TMC government led by Mamata,” he said at the CEO office.
Naqvi also said they had demanded to record poll proceedings and conduct webcasting at all booths. “We have specific demands to deploy central forces and continued…

India signs investments  services FTA with AseanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Finance Ministry pitches to Moody s for rating upgradeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sensex  Nifty hit new peaksThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SAT stays Sebi fine  upholds ban on Satyam s Raju and 4 othersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Electrolux buys GE armThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Intellectual property rights policy in 6 monthsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Obama  Iraq s Abadi discuss Islamic State threat in call: White HouseThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Alibaba IPO expected to price on Sept 18: Fidelity InvestmentsYou are here: Home > Collections > Brokerage
Alibaba IPO expected to price on September 18: Fidelity Investments
Reuters Sep 9, 2014, 03.46AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba IPO
(Boston-based Fidelity,…)
BOSTON: The blockbuster initial public offering of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd is expected to price on September 18th, Fidelity Investments has told brokerage clients.
Boston-based Fidelity, best known for its stable of mutual funds and brokerage, listed the expected pricing date on its website.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Marin Cilic Beats Kei Nishikori in Straight Sets to Win the U.S. OpenNo Matches Scheduled
© 2014 by STATS LLC.

China posts record $49.8-bn trade surplusThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Apple anticipation buildingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

That`s great ....i think there is no doubt abt the quality of shoes th...Platinum Member
62 Followers
That`s great ....I think there is no doubt abt the quality of shoes they produce as they are exporting to uk market for some well know  brands .....Neeta ji what abt the apparels i mean shirts, trouser etc ....I would like to see there stores but currently based in US so appreciate any feedback on that as well ..?
In reply to : Neeta Chopra message
4.53 AM Sep 9th

As per icicidirect data  lifetime high for mirza is/was 53. i would th...Gold Member
23 Followers
As per icicidirect data, lifetime high for Mirza is/was 53. I would think that with the kind of volumes displayed today, this should be taken out this week itself. There was lots of appetite for Mirza`s stock today and I`m sure this is backed by big fund buying. I`m pretty sure that this week bodes well for us.
4.52 AM Sep 9th  | Track

Very few boarders on krbl. it has not yet been discovered by retail or...Gold Member
78 Followers
Very few Boarders on KRBL. It has not yet been discovered by retail or they have been put off by the slow pace as it does not hit circuits. But people have not realized that slowly it runs faster.
4.49 AM Sep 9th  | Track

Buy united spirits at 2240 target 2375Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

US jobs growth disappointsLast updated: September 5, 2014 7:16 pm
US jobs growth disappoints
By Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/da607940-34fa-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mas ambition calls for patient investorsSeptember 6, 2014 12:03 am
Ma’s ambition calls for patient investors
By Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9d4c9fcc-3548-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Heed L.L. Bean as swans gatherSeptember 4, 2014 1:00 am
Heed L.L. Bean as swans gather
By Stefan Stern
Boards must give clear signals when businesses face ‘black swans’
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7a1eff1c-2f4f-11e4-83e4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shareholders must show commitmentAugust 26, 2014 6:31 pm
Opportunist shareholders must embrace commitment
By Martin Wolf
Nothing in economics is more important than how companies should be managed
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6aa87b9a-2d05-11e4-911b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Monday InterviewThe 32-year-old dislikes Africa’s youngest billionaire label
Jun 15, 2014
The Indian mining mogul’s choice of CEO was a statement of intent
Jun 8, 2014
The former psychologist running SABMiller explains his leadership style
Jun 1, 2014
The AstraZeneca chief on saying ‘no’ to Pfizer bid
May 25, 2014
Herding oxen as a teenager gave the Chinese tycoon the drive to succeed
May 18, 2014
After a prison term for securities fraud, Livedoor’s former head wants to make up for lost time
May 11, 2014
The head of the Italian eyewear maker has a fresh and international perspective
May 4, 2014
The Chinese tycoon who owns the UK store chain House of Fraser explains his self-confidence
Apr 27, 2014
The boss of the privately held media group wants to make up ground lost to internet pioneers
Apr 20, 2014

Tommy Hilfiger: a name traded for success© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e00e622-343a-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why fashion matters  no matter who you areAugust 29, 2014 6:32 pm
Why fashion matters – no matter who you are
By Jo Ellison
The FT’s style editor on two books that explore our relationship with clothing and its power as a communication tool
Why do I put what I put on my body? It was in search of an answer to this very question that spurred Sheila Heti to visit her local bookstore in early 2012. In a cool irony, the trip was actually inspired by a man. “I went to look for a book on dressing because my boyfriend, who I had just moved in with, is such a good dresser and I felt ashamed by it,” recalls the 37-year-old writer and editor, from her home in Toronto. “I didn’t realise how much pleasure there is to be found in thinking about clothes, and I wanted to read a book that would help me think about clothes in a better way. I went to the bookstore and there was just nothing that could help me think about clothes in the way I wanted to.”
Heti set out to find the answers herself, writing a series of questions about clothes and sending them to friends, colleagues and associates canvassing opinion about what they wore, and why. It was academic in its approach but, crucially, it demanded intensely personal responses: do you think you have taste or style? Do you notice women on the street? Do you have a dress code? When do you feel your most attractive? [Can you] tell us about something in your closet that you keep but never wear? Are there any dressing rules you’d convey to other women? What’s your process of getting dressed every morning? What are you trying to achieve when you dress? What’s the situation with your hair?
‘Undone’ (2012)
‘Blue and White Skirt’ (1984)
©Lisa Milroy
Next Thumbnails
Previous Thumbnails
Although Heti hadn’t imagined a life for her research much beyond a possible magazine article, its potential for something bigger emerged when she showed the survey to Heidi Julavits (a co-founding editor of the Believer magazine, with Heti, and an associate professor at Columbia University).
More
New York Fashion Week – Day 3
“I flipped out,” says Julavits, from her home in New York. “I was sitting in a hotel room in Austin, Texas, filling in the survey, and I was amazed at how these questions made me very self-reflective, and how they opened up all these memories and stories that I hadn’t even thought of. They made me articulate certain beliefs that I had about why – and what – I put on my body. It’s a question we encounter every time we get dressed to go outside and it involves every single human on the planet – unless they are nudists.”
The field study grew larger, stretching beyond the middle-class academic associates of Heti and Julavits and out into the wider world – to factory workers in Bangladesh, Muslim women in the Middle East, stylists in London and farmers in Kansas. It also acquired another editor, the illustrator and author Leanne Shapton whose autobiographical novel Swimming Studies was published to wide acclaim in 2012. She offered neat visual ideas about how to illustrate the book without having to photograph the respondents. “If all of those snippets of advice were accompanied by a picture, we would dismiss them because we make snap judgements about people,” she explains. Instead, she was tasked with “activating the grey” text with ways of showing how women “think and feel” about clothes.
. . .
Meanwhile, in Brooklyn, the 36-year-old writer and editor Emily Spivack was compiling a field study of her own. The founder of non-profit organisation Shop Well With You , which helps women with breast cancer use clothes both to ease their discomfort and to improve their body image during treatment and after surgery, Spivack had become fascinated by the way people view clothing, and what stories their clothes might contain. “I had always been interested in looking at clothing from a cultural, historical and anthropological perspective,” she says, “but [then] I approached it in a more therapeutic way.”
To this end, she started a project called “Sentimental Stories”, gathering material from details that were sometimes posted alongside clothes for sale on the auction site eBay, revealing tales about their previous owners. But now she wanted to broaden her scope. She wrote to friends: “Tell me a story, connected to a piece of clothing that you still have in your possession in which something monumental, spectacular, odd or even just unusual happened while you were wearing it. Why is it special? Why does it have meaning? And why are you holding on to it?”
The results of both studies are now being published. After long gestations, Women in Clothes, by Julavits, Heti and Shapton, and Spivack’s Worn Stories will be born within days of each other. Both books offer extraordinary, and unusual, insights into our relationship with clothes.
Women in Clothes has incorporated 639 voices to create an exhaustive study of how we (OK, women) dress. Its chapters are organised according to the different themes of the questionnaire and the text is interspersed with interviews, artwork, poems and diagrams. Everything is up for discussion: hair, shopping habits, confidence, shared style, uniforms, religious practices, interview outfits, sisters, smell, attractiveness, “investment items”, make-up, breasts.
The collection of experiences is broad and unfiltered. Celebrity contributors sit alongside “normal” folk, designers next to dentists. A garment worker in Cambodia marvels at the construction – and expense – of the bras she stitches when her own is bought from a pile of jumble; film-maker Miranda July dresses six women in each other’s favourite outfits; Lena Dunham celebrates the influence of a friend and Girls co-star, Jemima Kirke, on her sense of style. In “Color Taxonomy”, the writer and magazine editor Tavi Gevinson codifies the spectrum according to clothes: “Gray was made for nice sweaters and gross sweatpants”, Pink “is fraught with politics” and “Gold has been rightfully monopolized by disco, Dynasty, and the Illuminati”. In “Covet Diary”, Shapton chronicles her determined appropriation of another woman’s look – or, more bluntly, how she went out and bought another woman’s dress. So many voices might have been overwhelming but together they make a surprisingly consistent and companionable chorus.
Spivack’s Worn Stories has more modest ambitions but draws a similarly tender portrait in which even the most inconsequential garments are elevated to superhero status: film-maker Greta Gerwig tells a charming love story about the flannel shirt she wears to write in; Albert Maysles, the documentarian behind Gimme Shelter (1970) and Grey Gardens (1975), describes his attachment to a quilted jacket known as a fufaika, which once identified one as a Russian peasant. Piper Kerman, author of Orange is the New Black (a memoir describing her year in prison) recalls how she wore a “vintage 1950s pencil-skirt suit I had bought on eBay” to make her final court appearance on the advice of a lawyer who told her: “We want the judge to be reminded of his own daughter or niece or neighbour when he looks at you.” And the artist Marina Abramovic talks us through her relationship with a pair of hiking boots that have seen her traverse the Great Wall of China, as well as three performance pieces.
. . .
Why are these books important? Because both make an elegant case for the fact that clothes matter. What we wear, even though we might not care to admit it, matters. Clothes are a language by which we are judged: a shorthand that allows us to communicate with others, and an expression of our feelings of self-worth or status. Moreover, these books take the subjects of fashion, style and image and start a conversation outside of the typical forums of sartorial discussion. They are not didactic guides, offering us tips and tricks for how to dress. A case in point comes with next week’s publication of How to be Parisian, Wherever You Are (Ebury/Doubleday), a style manifesto for aspirant Left Bankers flavoured with typically Gallic autoritaire: Uggs? No! Make-up? No! Brassières? Peut-être . . .  As Heti insists in some of her earliest correspondence with Julavits (printed in their introduction “Clothing Garden”): “The one thing we want to steer away from is pronouncements on fashion from people like Coco Chanel or Diane von Furstenberg (‘A woman’s style is in direct proportion to her misery’ or whatever, I just made that up). I think we want regular women, not only the most fashionable . . .  We should send surveys to whoever we’re curious about and inspired to learn about and hear from.”
. . .
The results are fascinating. Perhaps most surprising for me, as a newly installed fashion editor about to embark on the whirligig of the spring/summer 2015 show season (one of the busiest and, arguably, most important months in the fashion calendar), is how few of the participants respond explicitly to the influences of the catwalk. Despite caring deeply about clothes, how they might appear, and fashion in general, few remark on a desire for specific designer pieces. Few of the Worn Stories feature an investment garment, or tell a tale of a longed-for acquisition. Rare is the Women in Clothes contributor who responds to catwalk trends, or credits the glossy fashion shoots essayed in fashion magazines as being especially influential in the way she dresses.
“It surprised me, too,” says Julavits. “Maybe it’s because it has been drummed into most people by the time they are my age [46] that fashion magazines are BAD! I understand that but I still read them. I still buy them and I still enjoy them. But I know magazines are going to present me with a version of beauty and femininity, and I know very well what is driving that version, and I don’t have to take it seriously.”
There is a surprising lack also of a sense of physical inadequacy on the pages: drilled as we are as a society to assume women are riven with self-doubt and anxiety about the way they look, I was expecting the dialogue to be full of self-hate. In fact, the respondents seem to be pretty positive about the way they look.
“I was expecting a lot more angst,” says Heti. “I think maybe the reason there wasn’t is because we gave people the opportunity to speak about themselves and their own experiences, and there is a lot of pleasure in that – it’s such a relief. That is what the culture lacks for a lot of women. So a woman on the front of a fashion magazine is a very different woman to the one in front of a survey asking her about her life and her relationship with clothes. One is a position of power and confidence, and she knows the answer. The other is a model like Gisele Bündchen in some designer gown, and what does that mean for your life? Nothing.”
“One of the reasons I was drawn to Worn Stories and why I think it offers a different side of fashion, is our absolute relate-ability to clothing,” says Spivack (who describes her personal style as “an outlet for creative expression. I was always wearing the crazy stuff.”). “I think that fashion is a little bit different. We see what is in fashion magazines, what is on trend, we look at beautiful garments that are out of our reach in terms of our ability to buy them – but we all wear clothing.”
©Lisa Milroy
‘Dress painting’ (2011-14) by Lisa Milroy
Neither book is anti-fashion. Although all of the editors admit that during their projects they became more mindful about what they needed, their shopping habits and their “need” to shop, they still profess a continued interest in fashion and style. More urgent, though, is their insistence on the importance of clothes as a tool of communication. For instance: Women in Clothes features transcripts of short, recorded conversations between strangers that were precipitated by one complimenting the other on something they were wearing. With each compliment, a door opens and a story begins. Conclusion: chatting about clothes is a surefire way to make friends.
“What continues to surprise me is how much I can learn about the person through a simple piece of clothing,” says Spivack, who was entrusted both with each story and with the garment itself, which she photographed, looking somewhat forlorn and denuded, on a hanger. “Clothes,” she adds, “are just a conduit to sharing life stories.”
Of course, there will always be those who won’t engage in the conversation: the subject of fashion will always be dismissed as being silly or unimportant. Julavits estimates that around 8-10 per cent of the women they approached refused to participate at all: “Every once in a while you would get someone who said, ‘I can’t answer this survey because I don’t care about clothes’,” she says. “But I think there are two ways to look at it. One is – ‘oh this is a shallow concern and I can’t be associated with it’. The other is that there’s a shame in seeming to care.”
It’s a question we encounter every time we get dressed to go outside, and it involves every single human
I can vouch for this prejudice. In my previous job at Vogue, I would regularly approach businesswomen and female professionals and politicians to appear in features or interviews, only to be met with withering rejection; as though to be associated with a glossy magazine would somehow negate one’s intellectual credibility or status (conversely, I found men rarely had this issue).
“Even I feel like that and I wrote this book,” admits Heti. “I’m sitting here wondering why I’m talking so much about clothes in a newspaper interview.” That said, she argues: “I do think there is something in the culture that makes one feel like this is very shameful and frivolous. And I wouldn’t want to live in a world where clothes were the most important thing. But I don’t think that people who care about clothes should feel ashamed: we are humans in a society who talk to each other, and one of the ways we talk to each other is through what we wear. And that is undeniable: that is not frivolous or shallow – that is the whole world.” Unless you’re a nudist.
‘Women in Clothes’ is published on September 4 (Blue Rider Press, Penguin UK, and S Fischer Verlag). ‘Worn Stories’ is available now in the US (Princeton Architectural Press) and will be published in the UK on September 1 (Abrams & Chronicle)
Slideshow images: Lisa Milroy

PVH leads retail sector higher on ECB stimulus newsSeptember 4, 2014 6:03 pm
PVH leads retail sector higher on ECB stimulus news
By Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a7b58342-344f-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sanctions oil Russia-China relationsSeptember 7, 2014 2:11 pm
Sanctions help Russia overcome its China paranoia
By Guy Chazan
Moscow is strengthening ties as access to western funds tightens
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4c04e91c-34f3-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama prepares to set out Isis strategySeptember 7, 2014 6:51 pm
Obama to set out strategy to defeat Islamist militants
By Geoff Dyer in Washington and Simeon Kerr in Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ea28422c-369e-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Big tax inverters ‘have $21bn offshore’September 7, 2014 7:08 pm
Biggest tax inverters ‘have $21bn offshore’
By Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c122f9e6-3566-11e4-a2c2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A matter of proprietyOpinions stand divided on the issue of whether a constitutional convention ought to exist to confine executive power.
Written by Upendra Baxi | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:14 am
Justice P. Sathasivam, who held the constitutional office of chief justice of India (CJI) from July 2013 to April 2014, is now governor of Kerala, replacing Sheila Dikshit. Some constitutional controversy about the decision is bound to occur since this is the first time a CJI has accepted the appointment. It is crystal clear that, under the Constitution, the president must eventually give his assent to what the Union cabinet has decided, and he doesn’t have much choice when the prime minister and the cabinet affirm their decision.
The question concerns the propriety of such a political decision, not its legality. Many eminent jurists have, in the developing public debate in the media, decried this decision as detrimental to the independence of the judiciary and constitutionally baneful.
The Constitution-makers wisely conferred (in Articles 155 and 156) the power to appoint governors on the president, who is advised by the council of ministers. They declined to enact rules in this regard and expected that appropriate constitutional conventions would evolve to regulate the discretion of the executive and to serve as principles of political action. In a sense, the public debate is about the executive failure to develop constitutional conventions.
The trouble is that the acceptance of such conventions will set a norm for the exercise of political power; political parties urge conventions when they are in the opposition but are loath to have any restriction when they have a legislative supermajority. As the principal opposition party, the BJP has said several times in the recent past that the executive should refrain from offering judges “plum posts” when they retire. The then leader of the opposition in the Rajya Sabha often articulated this view, on the floor of the House and outside it. Now it suits the BJP’s party spokespersons and officials to point out that the Congress did not feel bound by any constitutional convention. They argue that appointing a retired CJI the governor of a state is a new beginning and ought to be welcomed.
The political debate is always economical with the truth; what matters is party loyalty, controlled by the exigencies of power. And yet this is the stuff of a competitive liberal democracy. But beyond this lies the question of whether a constitutional convention exists, and second, whether it is desirable. It can be argued with some cogency that a constitutional convention exists in relation to the retired CJI and justices of the Supreme Court and high courts: they ought not to be offered any appointment or be actually appointed to executive positions while they are still in office or soon after their retirement.
It is now said that, in the past, CJIs had adorned executive positions. This is true of the 16th CJI. Justice M. continued…

When green shoots dont sproutStarting end May, ‘kharif’ sowing decisions are made in some parts of the country. If the rains don’t come as planned or if irrigation waters are scanty, the farmer changes his decision.
Written by Yoginder K Alagh | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:21 am
The deficit in monsoon rainfall is apparently narrowing. But even first-year students of Indian agriculture know that it is not the aggregate rainfall but its distribution through time and space that determines the fate of the kharif crop. Starting at the end of May, though mostly in June, sowing decisions are made by the kisan in some parts of the country. If the rains don’t come as planned or if irrigation waters are scanty, the farmer changes his decision. If it doesn’t rain much in June or early July, he has to sow again. But this has a cost. He has to grow a less preferred crop — say, an oilseed or pulse instead of paddy or a cereal. Late sowing also means a lower standing-crop period, which definitely affects the yield. So the farmer is hit by a double whammy. There is little talk of all this. The minister, in fact, has said he will comment on the rainfall data only at the end of the season.
Mind you, it’s extremely likely that, given the highly experienced people in Krishi Bhavan, all this has already been taken into account and kits for the second or delayed sowings have already been, or are about to be, distributed. Also, advisories from experts are being carried on Krishi Darshan. But this is a large country. Once, when I had produced an appraisal of the Five Year Plan, the prime minister, who was my age, said, “It’s a potha (tome), Yoginder”. I told him, “Sir, there are more than a lakh people, experts, extension agents and others involved in agriculture. I can’t reach out to each one separately. But they can read the midterm appraisal and understand what to do.”
The run of the mill bureaucrat is not very communicative. His job is to do, not talk. Understanding the problem and acting fast is his forte. The “don’t-talk school” argues that traders might take advantage of the food shortage because of the bad monsoon. But this is not so. Traders’ links with the market are much deeper than ours. A trader pretty much knows about what’s happening in real time — and acts on this information — thanks to his village contacts. If we are clever, we can play the market against him using public stocks. But seldom have parastatals shown that degree of nimbleness.
Around the third week of August, the area under paddy cultivation was already down by around 1 per cent, compared to the corresponding week last year. The area under pulses was 8 per cent less than last year continued…

The children the PM couldnt speak toWhile there is no ambiguity about a child being ‘never enrolled’, several categories of never-enrolled children are left out. (Source: CR Sasikumar)
Written by Kiran Bhatty | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:56 am | Updated: September 8, 2014 8:12 am
More than four years after the RTE was passed, the state has no handle on the numbers of out-of-school children.
The recently released report of the Global Initiative on Out-of-School Children, based on a situational analysis of India, opens a Pandora’s box on data and methodological issues that plague the estimation of out-of-school children in India. As the report reveals, there is a multiplicity of definitions, sources of data and methods of estimation in use, but none that can be relied on to capture the full extent of the problem. As a result, it is not clear how many children are actually out of school, who they are, where they reside and why they are not in school. Unfortunately, no worthwhile effort is being made to move towards achieving that clarity or finding a solution for the millions who continue to remain beyond the pale of formal schooling.
Since the passage of the Right to Education Act, which mandates that every child in the age group of 6-14 years must be in school as a matter of her fundamental right, the estimation of out-of-school children has assumed greater significance. But, despite the legal ramifications, there is still no appropriate definition of an out-of school child or a standardised method of estimating the number.
Information on out-of-school children is collected either from schools or through household surveys. The first set relies entirely on data from school registers or information supplied by teachers. The margins of error in this method are self-evident. But the larger problem lies in the method of estimation, or the lack thereof. For instance, the DISE (district information system for education — now the official data collector on education) provides a net enrolment ratio by collecting data on the number of students enrolled in different age groups. The difference between this and the number estimated to be in the relevant age group can then “be considered” as not enrolled. The number of dropped-out children is calculated separately from the difference in enrolment of a cohort over two consecutive years. Besides the inaccuracies involved, there is in effect no actual estimate of out-of-school children.
Household surveys, on the other hand, rely on different definitions of dropout. While the National Family Health Survey uses figures for the officially dropped out, others account for those who have not attended school on “any day in the past two months”, and states across the country vary in their interpretations, ranging from seven days of continuous absence (Karnataka) to three months of continuous absence (Gujarat). The Child Tracking Surveys (CTS) — the latest in the list — employ teachers to collect this information using an undefined methodology. In the final analysis, therefore, it is continued…

What we have to offer each other touches the last inhabitant of Israel and of IndiaIsraeli Ambassador Daniel Carmon arrived in India when the third major conflict between Israel and Hamas was erupting. He talked to Sudeep Paul about the bilateral road ahead and the Gaza conflict
Written by Sudeep Paul | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:13 am
Israeli Ambassador DANIEL CARMON arrived in India when the third major conflict between Israel and Hamas was erupting. He talked to Sudeep Paul about the bilateral road ahead and the Gaza conflict:
The ‘softer side’ of the Israel-India bilateral relationship seems to be getting publicity now: irrigation, agri-horticulture, water treatment technology, science and technology, space. But we don’t talk openly about defence and security collaboration. Having been here for a couple of months now, what is your impression of the state of affairs and what lies ahead?
I was the head of Mashav, Israel’s Agency for International Development Cooperation. So I had a soft landing in something that was at the top of my agenda before. The biggest agriculture projects we have abroad are the projects in India. But the term “soft side” doesn’t do justice. There is a new kind of diplomacy, a new area of diplomacy — call it development diplomacy, economic diplomacy, academic diplomacy, scientific diplomacy, R&D diplomacy — we’d put all those under the head “diplomacy”. I’d put all of them on the table and ask: what does Israel-India mean? And Israel-India means a big chunk of defence of course — we do not deny it, we just don’t talk about it. But it’s there, and I mean cooperation, capabilities and interests.
But this table has a lot more to offer. It touches the last inhabitant of Israel and of India, covering agriculture, water, energy, irrigation, water management, desalination, recycling of water, etc. There are many areas in which Israel has experience and expertise because of the circumstances of its foundation and its geopolitical context. We were our own development laboratory. Ten years after independence, we started sharing what we had learnt on our own with our friends. India is a perfect match for Israel in terms of what we can offer each other. We both offer what we have to each other, and this is why I call it “development diplomacy”. And the things I have mentioned are ones India is in need of, these are areas that coincide.
We listened carefully to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s speech on Independence Day, and the following two weeks we analysed what we could offer and where, in a way that would synchronise with the PM’s message. Does Israel have a role and where can it come in? All of this comes with a very specific configuration. Israel is small and not so rich. We do not offer what other, bigger countries can finance, but we are very rich in other resources. We have shown it in our continued…

The dream of making it in AmericaSeptember 7, 2014 6:40 pm
The dream of making it in America
Manufacturing cannot rebuild the middle class in the US
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/69d4adbc-350a-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

European oil sanctions  promises© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/2dd64044-34fd-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sanctions and oil explorationSeptember 1, 2014 6:47 pm
Sanctions and oil exploration
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e477d338-31e4-11e4-b377-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinese exports beat expectationsAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

No camp scrambles as Yes vote grows© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/73fc4c1a-36a8-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reform as the answerSeptember 7, 2014 7:09 pm
Bold reform is the only answer to secular stagnation
By Lawrence Summers
There may be supply-side barriers that hold the economy back before constraints on demand bind
The economy continues to operate way below any estimate of its potential made before the onset of financial crisis in 2007, with a shortfall of gross domestic product relative to previous trend in excess of $1.5tn, or $20,000 per family of four. As disturbing, the average growth rate of the economy of less than 2 per cent since that time has caused output to fall further and further below previous estimates of its potential.
The FT’s A-List
The A-List provides timely, insightful comment on the topics that matter, from globally renowned leaders, policy makers and commentators
Almost a year ago I invoked the concept of secular stagnation in response to the observation that five years after financial haemorrhaging had been staunched, the business cycle was cycling back to what had been previously thought of as normal levels of output.
Secular stagnation in my version, like that of Alvin Hansen, the economist who coined the term in the 1930s, has emphasised the difficulty of maintaining sufficient demand to permit normal levels of output.
But with a high propensity to save, a low propensity to invest and low inflation, this has been impossible. Nominal interest rates cannot fall below zero, as they would have to for real interest rates to be low enough to enable saving and investment to be equated with the economy producing at its full potential. Furthermore, even if potential output can be attained, it would require interest rates so low that they risk financial instability.
Given the factors operating to reduce natural interest rates – rising inequality, lower capital costs, slowing population growth, foreign reserve accumulation, and greater costs of financial intermediation – it seems unlikely that the American economy is capable of demanding 10 per cent more output than it does now, at interest rates consistent with financial stability. So demand-side secular stagnation remains an important economic problem.
More
Lawrence Summers on ‘House of Debt’
But, as the work of Robert J Gordon has shown, there may now be supply-side barriers that threaten to hold back the economy before constraints on the ability to create demand start to bind. Two ways of looking at the current situation point up the difficulty.
First, while I have emphasised that levels of GDP are far short of what pre-crisis trends would predict, the unemployment rate at 6.1 per cent (down from a 10 per cent peak) has reverted most of the way back to even relatively optimistic estimates of its normal level. In other words, even while economic growth performance has been very poor, it appears that demand has been advancing rapidly enough to substantially reduce slack in the labour market. Weak growth, along with substantial decreases in slack, suggests significant weakness in the growth of potential output.
To be fair, there is room to cavil about the unemployment rate as a measure of slack in the labour market. But the extent of apparent normalisation is even greater if one looks at measures of job openings and vacancies, new unemployment insurance claims, or the short-term unemployment rate.
Second, with Friday’s relatively weak employment statistics job growth has averaged 200,000 jobs a month over the past six months. If this continues, what would it imply for movements in the unemployment rate?
This depends on what happens to labour force participation, which has been trending downwards because of population ageing and long-term structural trends, even as the unemployment rate has declined sharply. Assume (optimistically, given recent trends) that the labour force participation rate for workers of a given age remains constant, and that the economy creates 200,000 jobs a month. The unemployment rate would then fall to about 4 per cent by the end of 2016.
While such a low unemployment rate is conceivable, it seems much more likely that employment growth would slow at some point, because of rising wage costs or policy actions, or because employers have difficulty finding workers. Then, the economy would be held back not by lack of demand but lack of supply potential.
Why has the economy’s supply potential declined so much relative to the pre-2007 trend? This will be debated in the years to come. Part of the answer lies in the damaging effect of past economic weakness on future potential. Part is the brutal demographics of an ageing population, the end of the trend towards increased women’s labour force participation, and the exhaustion of the gains from an increasingly educated workforce. And part is the apparent slowing of at least measured productivity.
To achieve growth of even 2 per cent over the next decade, active support for demand will be necessary but not sufficient. Structural reform is essential to increase the productivity of both workers and capital, and to increase growth in the number of people able and willing to work productively. Infrastructure investment, immigration reform, policies to promote family-friendly work, support for exploitation of energy resources, and business tax reform become ever more important policy imperatives.
The writer is Charles W Eliot university professor at Harvard and a former US Treasury secretary
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Not in the volume race  says Jaguar CEOHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Not in the volume race, says Jaguar CEO
Vidya Ram
Unveils compact luxury car XE — JLR’s most significant launch after Evoque
London, September 8:  
Jaguar is “not in the volume race,” Jaguar Land Rover CEO Ralf Speth cautioned on Monday, as the company prepared to unveil the new Jaguar XE, its new compact luxury car, its most significant launch since the best-selling Range Rover Evoque.
The car will first be released in Europe early next year, followed by the US, China and India and other emerging markets.
“The XE will be for the global market,” said Speth.
Sales projections
While stressing the huge significance of the car to the brand and group – the car has spawned £2 billion of investment, the creation of two factories and 2,300 jobs – it was not down to volumes.
“We are a small company…we will only really sell a decent number of cars,” he said at a briefing in London ahead of the unveiling of the car on Monday evening.
JLR has not made its sales projections public, though IHS Global Insight predicts that sales could reach 60,000 a year at its peak, following the initial launch year. (Jaguar sold 76,668 vehicles in 2013, while Land Rover sold 348,338.)
Right attributes
JLR has not had a car in the compact luxury car segment since it ended production of the relatively unsuccessful X-Type, launched in 2001 under Ford.
Acknowledging that the X-Type did not have all the “right attributes” at the time, Speth said that the company had learnt and also adopted its lessons.
“We started from scratch and listened to our customers,” he said.
“This meant we also could, uncompromised, develop a totally new car on a totally new modular architecture, which we developed from scratch.”
Biggest segment
“The XE is positioned in the most interesting and biggest segment of the premium car industry,” added Speth. IHS Global Insight forecasts that this segment will grow by 18 per cent up until 2020.
“You can see that there is enough space in this segment for everybody,” he said.
He added that there was little doubt that the new car, with its lower price point, would outsell other Jaguar models.
Lightweight
Last week the company unveiled technical details of the car, which include a lightweight 75 per cent aluminium chassis.
It will also be the first car to use JLR’s new low-emission, four cylinder petrol and diesel “Ingenium” engine.
While the engines are being produced at the company’s new engine manufacturing facility at Wolverhampton, the XEs are to be produced at a new plant in Solihull, near Birmingham.
Further models building on the new chassis and technology going into the XE are set to be released over the next five years. The car – pricing of which is set to be unveiled at the Paris Auto Show in October – was “unbelievably important” to Jaguar, showing its ability to expand its product portfolio and cover more segments, helping it attract younger customers, and women to the brand.
“It has a very special combination of drivability, design and steering,” while at the same time being a “powerful sporty car,” said Speth.
“It will also be a cost conscious car,” he said pointing to its low fuel consumption and emissions.
On track
In the quarter to June, JLR reported a pre-tax profit of 924 million pounds, while Speth said they remained on track in terms of volume in the current quarter “August was a solid month and we have very good indications that August is going to be a solid month…We are cautiously optimistic that this year will become a solid year for JLR.”
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

MRF explores options to hit global roadAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Lanco cuts workforce by 30% due to slowdownAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Mark Udall: Two Americans killed by Islamic State would say ‘don’t be impulsive’By Sean Sullivan September 8 Follow @WaPoSean
Sen. Mark Udall (D-Colo.) apologized Monday for saying two American journalists who were recently executed by the Islamic State would caution the U.S. not to "be impulsive" as it weighs its options to combat the extremist group.
"When addressing ISIL during this weekend's debate, I should not have invoked the names of James Foley and Steven Sotloff. It was inappropriate and I sincerely apologize," the senator said in a statement.
"My intent was to emphasize the importance of taking the right next steps as we confront this serious threat. It is critically important for the United States, our allies and countries in the region to beat back ISIL. These terrorists are a serious threat to U.S. interests and allies in the Middle East, and Americans are counting on their leaders to get this right. I will continue to push the Administration and demand that our country's approach is both tough and smart."
The remarks came in a weekend debate against Rep. Cory Gardner (R).
“I can tell you Steve Sotloff and James Foley would tell us, don’t be impulsive," Udall said, referencing the two U.S. journalists who were beheaded by the Islamic State. "Horrible and barbarous as those executions were, don’t be impulsive, come up with a plan to knock ISIL back.”
Gardner blasted the comments Monday. "Americans have watched in horror in recent weeks as two of our fellow countrymen have been brutally executed by terrorists, and it’s outrageous that Senator Udall would put words into the mouths of dead Americans," he said in a statement. "Furthermore, it’s deeply troubling that he views a terrorist organization like ISIL as not an imminent threat to America.”
The debate was Saturday. National Review flagged video of Udall's comments on Monday .
Fox 31 in Denver has more details  of the context of Udall's remarks:
After addressing Gardner’s charge that Udall doesn’t think ISIL poses an “imminent threat” to the country by clarifying that he meant the group is not a threat to the nation at the moment, Udall went further.
“I can tell you,” Udall said, “Steve Sotloff and James Foley would tell us, don’t be impulsive. Horrible and barbarous as those executions were, don’t be impulsive, come up with a plan to knock ISIL back.”
In conversations with local media last week, Udall and Garnder agreed that targeted air strikes in against the Islamic State are warranted.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410215698/1410215698000/1410215698 tracking: {authors=Sean Sullivan, blog_name=post-politics, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=mark-udall-apologizes-for-invoking-foley-sotloff-during-weekend-debate, post_id=96981, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 10:34:58 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 10:34:58 PM

University of California Signs Major Solar DealAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Stephen Hawking Worries About Higgs Boson Doomsday
Electric buses put charge in cost-effective  fuel-efficient public transportCompared to cars, electric buses could accelerate pollution reduction, fuel savings
BUS-ELECTRIC
Proterra
Proterra's electric buses aren't cheap, but they cost less to operate than traditional city buses.
Proterra's electric buses aren't cheap, but they cost less to operate than traditional city buses. (Proterra)
By Daniel Gross, Slate, Slate
Electric buses could spare municipalities money, emissions.
Silicon Valley company Proterra follows Tesla's lead with electric buses as clean mass transit solution.
Forget about Tesla and its futuristic new Gigafactory. When it comes to using electricity for transportation, the real action may lie in the polar opposite of the fancy sports car.
Municipal intracity buses may be unloved, slow, lumbering behemoths. But they're the workhorses of America's transit systems. Last year, according to the American Public Transportation Association, buses hauled 5.36 billion passengers. While usage has fallen in recent years, thanks in part to the growth of light rail and subway systems, buses still account for more rides each year than heavy rail, light rail and commuter rail combined-and for about half of all public transit trips.
Two high-priority CTA projects that lack money for construction — the overhauls of the Red Line north branch and Purple Line and a planned bus rapid transit corridor along Ashland Avenue — are on a national list of mass-transit initiatives that the Obama administration on... ( Jon Hilkevitch )
Proterra, a South Carolina-based manufacturer with Silicon Valley ties, thinks it can lead the electric revolution. Fueled by the two forces that are transforming renewable and alternative energy in this country — venture capital and the U.S. government — the company has already put a few dozen electric buses on the road, with the promise of more to come. "Our technology could literally remove every single dirty diesel bus from cities," said Proterra CEO Ryan Popple.
It's difficult for all-electric vehicles to compete against super-efficient hybrid gas cars like the Prius or the hybrid-model Camry, which already get very good gas mileage. "But we're competing against the most atrociously inefficient vehicle in the planet," said Popple, a former finance executive at Tesla. Buses present operators with the painful combination of horrid gas mileage and heavy usage. Nationwide, city buses averaged about 4.71 miles per gallon, according to the National Transit Database. And they are driven a lot. A city bus can be driven between 40,000 and 60,000 miles per year, all while spewing unwanted emissions into the air. Swap out oil for electricity, and you reduce fuel costs sharply. Get your electricity from renewable sources, and you've cut the link between fossil fuels and vehicle transportation.
Founded about a decade ago, Proterra originally set out to make buses powered by a different eco-friendly source: fuel cells. But as the hybrid and electric car businesses grew, and the prices of battery packs and electric motors fell, making a purely electric bus became more appealing. Proterra devised a 40-foot bus made of light materials, and then developed a fast-charging docking station that would let buses fuel midroute in 10 minutes or less.
Unlike Tesla, Proterra didn't receive any Department of Energy loans. It has raised more than $100 million in venture capital money. But the company does depend indirectly on public funding provided by the Obama administration. Its customers, which are all public agencies, have relied on stimulus funds and TIGER (Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery) grants to purchase the vehicles.
Proterra shipped its first completed vehicle to Foothill Transit, which serves 22 cities in eastern Los Angeles County, in 2010. The agency, which has 350 buses, virtually all of them powered by natural gas (a lower-emission alternative to diesel), used stimulus funds to buy three electric buses and a docking station. In 2011, Silicon Valley venture capital aristocrats Kleiner Perkins invested in Proterra, and the company began to make further sales to small transit agencies: in Tallahassee, Florida; Reno, Nevada; and Worcester, Massachusetts.
Customers I spoke to say the buses largely work as advertised. After its initial purchase, Foothill used Transportation Department funds to buy another 12 Proterra buses. Foothill has put them into service on the 17-mile Line 291 in Pomona, one of the agency's most trafficked routes. They stop in the middle of the route for about five to 10 minutes to recharge. "The cost of energy per mile is about half what it would be for diesel," said Doran Barnes, executive director of Foothill Transit.

Ranjit Sinha should not meet accused aloneThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SAT stays Sebi fine on Raju  4 othersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

If u classify the leather industry based on total assets mirza is seco...23 Followers
Reposted about 1 day 11 hrs 8 min 38 sec ago by a89
If u classify the leather industry based on total assets Mirza is second largest with 475 crore asset base bettered only by Bata with 841 crores. A co with 475 crore asset base has a market cap of just 380 cr, do u see my point
5.29 AM Sep 9th

Dear prassk90  buy now and try below rs100. i bought yesterday @98 whe...271 Followers
Reposted about 1 day 13 hrs 52 min 27 sec ago by New Boarder
Dear Prassk90, Buy now and try below Rs100. I bought yesterday @98 when I gave you the message. You can also buy ICRA @2600 now. Yours - CRESTCLUB
In reply to : prassk90 message
5.28 AM Sep 9th

The modi govt. has plans for add a huge 17 500 mw solar power during i...Silver Member
9 Followers
The MODI Govt. has plans for add a huge 17,500 MW Solar Power during its first five year term. Work for a 7,500 MW project has got already started in Leh, J&K, where several PSU Power companies got involved. This initiative of MODI will bring a sea of opportunities to this company. In next five years stock price will cross1000/- mark. So, buy and forget this stock as your property for the next generation.
5.25 AM Sep 9th  | Track

Markets hit new high as oil prices slip: source:business standaed.378 Followers
Markets hit new high as oil prices slip: Source:Business Standaed.
Indian stock indices gained the most in three weeks to scale record highs on Monday, mainly supported by institutional investor flows and a decline in global crude oil prices. The BSE Sensex rose 1.08 per cent, or 293 points over its previous close, to 27,320, surpassing Wednesday’s 27,140, its previous all-time high. Only four companies in the 30-share index ended with losses. The broader National Stock Exchange Nifty gained 1.08 per cent, or 87 points, to 8,174.
Brent crude oil prices slipped below the $100-a-barrel mark, for the first time in 14 months, on fears of excessive supply amid slowing global demand. The rupee, meanwhile, gained some strength against the dollar on Monday to close at a one-month high of 60.29, against its previous close of 60.40 a dollar.
According to analysts, an appreciation in the rupee’s value and a simultaneous decline in global oil prices will help India improve its macroeconomic situation. “The market outlook is quite bullish. The correction in crude oil prices is a big positive. It will give a boost to our macroeconomy,” said IIFL Chairman & Managing Director Nirmal Jain. “People will now await inflation data and clarity on the monsoon front. From here, things are expected to only improve.”
“A drop in oil prices is a powerful signal of economic revival as far as India is concerned. It will help the government control its current account and fiscal deficits. It will also bring down inflation, which will in turn help reverse the interest-rate cycle,” said KR Choksey Chief Executive Deven Choksey.
Meanwhile, Goldman Sachs raised its 12-month Nifty target to 9,000, saying the earning sentiment remained positive for the overall market. It had previously set a Nifty target of 8,600 for June 2015.
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) on Monday bought shares worth Rs 1,163 crore, while domestic investors were net-sellers to the tune of around Rs 500 crore.
Market experts said foreign investors’ buying momentum was likely to continue, as the US Federal Reserve would leave interest rates untouched for a longer period, with that country on Friday reporting weak jobs growth.
FIIs have already invested over $13.7 billion into the Indian market so far this year. Mutual fund houses, too, have turned aggressive buyers, investing over Rs 8,000 crore since August. The benchmark indices - Sensex and Nifty -have risen nearly 30 per cent so far in 2014 and around 42 per cent in the past 12 months. The Indian market, which has attracted one of the biggest FII flows among emerging markets this year, has also been one of the best-performing major global markets in 2014.
“To date, the Sensex is the best-performing among major global markets this year. Given its strong performance so far, we think the market will be range-bound in the near term and might correct around five per cent over the next two months, as the pace of reforms has been slower than what the market had initially built in. However, we continue to be bullish on the Indian market for the long term and believe buying on dips is a particularly compelling strategy,” said Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, head of research at Bank of Amercia Merrill Lynch, in a client note earlier this month. Some analysts say it is critical for the government to back its promises with action to validate the market optimism.
“The market can rise only so much on sentiment. I don`t see a scope for a huge upmove from here. One thing to worry about is the actual change on the ground. It now depends on how quickly the government can act,” said Dalton Capital Advisors Managing Director U R Bhat. He also said the market would keenly watch the Supreme Court verdict on coal block allocations on Tuesday. How quickly the government moves on re-auctioning of these blocks would be important. The market gains on Monday were led by blue-chip banking stocks like State Bank of India and HDFC Bank, oil & gas majors ONGC and Reliance Industries, and technology outsourcing companies TCS and Infosys. “The upside for the market for a one-year period is about 10 per cent. However, there is potential in individual stocks to go up as much as 50 per cent,” said Choksey.
5.22 AM Sep 9th  | Track

Vote uncertainty hits hiring plansSeptember 8, 2014 11:58 pm
Referendum uncertainty hits employers’ hiring plans
By Sarah O’Connor, Economics Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0bf0bcea-3753-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hail  Hail  A Vagenius Has Left This Realm: Joan Rivers  Rest In Peacereddit
She was always surprising us, always defying the status quo, always courageous, loud, opinionated and damning. Her movie, The Girl Most Likely, starred Stockard Channing and was the funniest thing I ever saw on TV. A hilarious story of a girl who is mistreated and gets real revenge, instead of being full of forgiveness -- the usual female 'media message' fare.
Joan was constantly praised and then hounded by sexist Hollywood for having an independent point of view and a sense of unmatched female inner power -- no one has ever seen such a fierce woman in any media. She paid the cost to be the boss. Most comics couldn't hold up mentally to the kind of humiliation that Hollywood put Joan Rivers through. She turned it all back on their sexism though, like St. Joan the Conquerer. She kept getting braver and braver.
I must admit when she told fat jokes about Liz Taylor, I didn't like that at all! I didn't want anyone to point out Liz's weight, because I weighed about 220 pounds then. At one point I couldn't help but laugh at one of her fat jokes against my will. She could make you do a spit take! Laughing at what offends us can sometimes make everything feel lighter. After all, it's okay to be fat, and to laugh about it. Fat people fall in love and have sex and love to laugh at fat jokes because it's better to laugh than to cry.
It was better for us that Joan Rivers not only made fun of her own looks, but also the cultural pressure that drove her to worry about her looks in the first place -- which isn't just telling jokes, it's actual layered feminist social critique, of which Joan was a master. Like myself, she launched a lot of writers' careers, none of whom will ever show any gratitude for that fact, but oh, well. The jokes belong to the ages and to those who were lifted by them, not those who go on strike for higher percentages.
I loved her talk show and was honored to be on it after my unfortunate singing accident "19 Something." After being condemned by patriarchy AND President George the Elder Bush, himself, I felt like I had lived through a witch burning. I went on her show and she said: "Don't u think they are just mad at you bc you're a woman? I'm telling you if a man had done what u did, he would be a huge comedic hero and big movie star!"
I often think of Borat's 'reductive' (thanks, Madonna) signing of the National Anthem. How exact and on the money was Ms. Rivers?
As a Jew, I also appreciated Joan's comment that Israel needs good neighbors in order for a Just Peace to actually occur. As a Jewish mother, I also applaud the great job Joan has done in producing a successful producer, Melissa. As a grandmother, I know the great joy she felt when arguing with her daughter (on her reality show) in front of her cherished grandson. What a great service she provided that grandson -- to witness for himself that there is indeed a Higher Power than Mommy on this earth. Along with discount pancakes at IHop, this is indeed one of life's rewards for aging!
I was such a fan! I always will be. I wanted her to beat death's ass down, too, and prayed for that to happen, but she took her last curtain call instead, surprising me one last time.
Rest in peace, Goddess! Thank you on behalf of all comedians working today who know that you always fought the enemies of comedy. I loved it when you walked off of CNN -- which you were right to do, as smug persons are never the correct choice to interview any comedian. You controlled the room always, in the most professional way, too. You leveled the playing ground for all comedians. You'll be missed, but not forgotten. Copied but never matched. Never bested.
More:

Bugti murder case: Musharraf fails to appear before courtPress Trust of India | Karachi | Posted: September 8, 2014 4:08 pm
Pakistan’s former military dictator Pervez Musharraf on Monday failed to appear before an anti-terrorism court in a case relating to the 2006 murder of elderly Baloch leader Nawab Akbar Bugti, citing poor health.
The court in Quetta had specifically directed the 71-year-old former President to appear in person but Musharraf, who is in Karachi, did not turn up.
Musharraf’s lawyer said that his client was not keeping good health and could not travel to Quetta for the hearing.
“We have also requested the court to hold a separate hearing for this case,” Nazeer Ahmed Cheema said.
While Musharraf did not appear for the hearing, two of his guarantors — former interior minister Aftab Ahmed Khan Sherpao and former home minister Balochistan Shoaib Nowsherwani — appeared before the court on Monday.
Judge of ATC-1 Nazeer Ahmed Langove subsequently adjourned the hearing of the case until October 13.
Strict security measures were put in by the administration to avert any untoward incident during Monday’s hearing.
Bugti, 79, a high-profile tribal elder and politician from the troubled Balochistan province was killed in August 2006 near Dera Bugti when security forces carried out an operation in the area during Musharraf’s tenure.
Bugti’s son Jamil Akbar Bugti has nominated Musharraf, former prime minister Shaukat Aziz and others in the murder case of his father.
Since Musharraf returned to Pakistan from self-exile in March last year, he has faced prosecution in four major cases, including one in which he has been indicted on high treason charges and another for his alleged involvement in the murder of former prime minister Benazir Bhutto in 2007.
Musharraf was indicted on March 31 in the treason trial for suspending, subverting and abrogating the Constitution, imposing an emergency in the country in November 2007 and detaining judges of the superior courts.
The former president, who is the first military ruler in Pakistan’s history to be tried in court, has rejected all the charges leveled against him.

Vaishnodevi Yatra resumes  17 700 pilgrims proceed to shrinePrint
PTI | Jammu | Posted: September 8, 2014 8:07 pm
Pilgrimage to the cave shrine of Mata Vaishnodevi in Trikuta Hills of Jammu and Kashmir’s Reasi district resumed on Monday morning after remaining suspended for four consecutive days in view of heavy rains, with 17,700 pilgrims proceeding towards the cave shrine. The pilgrimage was, however, resumed only through the old route as the two new tracks were still closed in view of landslides.
“Yatra to the cave shrine resumed this morning after remaining suspended for four days in view of heavy rains and bad weather conditions,” Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Shri Mata Vaishnodevi Shrine Board (SMVSB) Mandeep K Bhandari said. The yatra has resumed only through Sanjichhat-Bhairon Temple track. The two new tracks are still closed in view of landslides, he said, adding it will take two more days to make it available for pilgrims.
“For ensuring that pilgrims cover the journey during day time only for their safety, the Yatra Slip issuance from Katra was stopped at 2:40 PM. Total number of Yatris who embarked on the journey was 17,700. The Yatra proceeded smoothly,” he said. Bhandari visited the entire track along with officers and engineers of the Shrine Board and took stock of the ongoing work on clearing the path, restoring water and power supply and making other logistics available enroute and in Bhawan area.
The movement of the pilgrims is being continuously monitored, he said, adding that the track from Sanjichhat to Bhawan via Bhairon Temple is narrow and it involves steep climb, particularly between Bhawan and Bhairon Temple. Considering the fact that ponies cannot be allowed beyond Sanjichhat, pilgrims have been advised to start their journey via this route only if they are in good state of health and do not have any underlying cardiac or other such ailment.
The CEO informed that efforts were on to clear all the tracks leading to the Shrine and to fully restore electricity and water supply to all the establishments and tracks. In view of landslides triggered by heavy rains, over 4,000 pilgrims were stuck at various places en route the cave shrine for the past few days. The Board had provided them all facilities.
Pilgrimage to the shrine from Katra base camp was suspended on September 4 in the wake of continuing rains and the closure of the track due to landslides at various places. Bhandari said clearing of debris from the track which has come down from the slopes due to continuous spell of rain over the past few days was still going on and it might take a couple of days to make it fir for Yatra.
Superintending Engineer and Executive Engineer, Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine Board are camping at various locations for ensuring that the track is through, he said. Bhandari said that considering the entire situation, the Shrine Board decided to open the track via Sanjichhat-Bhairon Track only this morning.
Yatra slips were given to pilgrims at Katra Monday morning so that they could undertake the pilgrimage through the old route. The decision to resume the pilgrimage was taken after continued…
For ensuring that pilgrims cover the journey during day time only for their safety, the Yatra Slip issuance from Katra was stopped at 2:40 PM.

Which Major Retailer Won the Back to School Social Media Battlereddit
It's that time of year again. The smell of new crayons and the musty, vanilla smell of old books fill the air, while parents are anxiously shopping for the newest, trendiest clothes to start the school year.
Taking advantage of the immense amount of social chatter about Back-to-School shopping, I worked with MutualMind to understand the who, what and where of these conversations. The social listening campaign was set up to collect any mention of "Back to School" and one of the following six retailers -- Walmart, Target, Kohl's, JC Penney, Kmart and Amazon.
See the complete study here
After the collection, MutualMind's analysts took a deeper dive into the dataset to tag content based on whether a mom, dad, student or teacher was the one making the post. They also tagged content by the grade the student was going into.
The date range of this study was August 1st through August 25th. During that time there were a total of 32,822 mentions. The content was overwhelmingly positive. Marketers can use the excitement of back to school to their advantage to boost sales on not only the products on the supply list but also apparel and backpacks.
The data shows that there were 1,920 posts about apparel and 1,098 about backpacks. To a kindergartner, it would be safe to bet a new backpack with Elsa from Disney's Frozen would be much more exciting than a new package of pencils. These are the things that drive more conversation. Items that would be on the top of any school supply list didn't receive nearly the number of mentions. Spirals and notebooks combined made up 486 total mentions while folders and binders made up only 475.
We also learned from this study that moms are the ones doing most of the conversing. They're blogging about their experiences. They're talking about how much fun they had over the summer, their excitement for the kids to go back to school and what they need to do to prepare for a new year.
Many moms wrote about after school snacks and the foods they'll be preparing their family while balancing a jammed-packed schedule. Teachers are talking getting their classrooms decorated, so their students can work in a fun environment. Dads are searching for the best deals and asking where they might find them. And students. They love to share with the world their most recent purchases.
While searching through the content, we found several videos of students of all ages going through their shopping bags of new clothes and school supplies to show off what they had just bought. Marketers can use this information to better understand how they can relate to their audience.
And finally, the where. Where are these consumers doing their shopping? Target is winning the social sphere for Back to School with 32 percent of the overall conversation by creating discussion-worthy shopping experiences and content. At the one stop shop, consumers can purchase supplies, backpacks and outfits. Walmart is coming in a close 2nd with 30 percent of the conversation.
Amazon, while arguably an even better solution for a time-starved mom isn't getting near the passion and fervor. This could be due to the glamorization of back to school shopping. It's an experience, and when you get to touch and feel the crayons you'll purchase and your child can try on the outfit she has just declared she wants to wear on the first day of school, that's a share-worthy moment.
Follow Mark Fidelman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/markfidelman
More:

India signs Asean trade dealThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Eurozone banking on QE for economic revivalYou are here: Home > Collections > Ecb
Eurozone banking on this QE for revival?
ET Bureau Sep 9, 2014, 02.52AM IST
Tags:
Angela Merkel
(The US and UK, being free…)
This is the comment I have been waiting seven years to write. Boo shucks to Angela Merkel , I hope the German electorate recognises that her policies have been as disastrous as they obviously were to anyone with who's done economics 101 years ago.
The Sensex is booming - more on that later - India is on a hyped-up upswing, so I don't think anyone back home is bothered about Europe going down the drain - again. But it is. Even the mighty German economy shrank by 0.2 per cent last quarter.
If I'm being snide I'd say it serves them right, or rather countries like Greece, Italy and France have a case for schadenfreude, that peculiar German word that describes when you are gleeful that your enemies have been bitten on the bottom.
Last week, the European Central Bank - thank god for them having an Italian head - went some way towards QE. Oops, gotta explain.
After the great financial crash of 2008, and stop blaming your own government, the world went into an economic downspin. The US and UK, being free market, decided to prop up the economy by QE, otherwise known as printing money, and reducing interest rates to near zero.
Germany insisted - and they set the policy for the Eurozone, on austerity measures, cutting costs, and insisting that Greeks and Cypriots "restructure" their economies. Southern Europe is not a high-value exporter - they do a lot of tourism and agroproducts, and services; they don't like Germany export highvalue machinery - so they start with a handicap. Now we get into that macro stuff I used to hate as student of Economics 102.
The response of the US and UK to the great crash was QE - print lots of money, lower interest rates and have the central banks back up. Seven years later, the US and UK are both out of the ICU, whatever one may say about the methods, and the Eurozone is heading into permanent deflation, read stagnation, read Japan for the last 20 years.
Germany has consistently refused to back up any plans from the ECB to do what the Fed and the BoE did. Ms Merkel, the self-designated cheeseparing Hausfrau, wants the Greeks and Italians and Spaniards to behave more like cheeseparing Germans. Never mind their economies are based on completely different comparative advantages. The euro, as a currency, was valuable simply because the German economy, which depends on manufacturing exports, was booming.
The hamstrung ECB has finally given up on the much-publicised austerity policies, which consisted of cutting costs closer to the bone. It did nothing to boost growth, or jobs, or the kind of things you really want to get out of a recession. Mario Draghi, who single-handedly stopped the Eurozone crisis by announcing the ECB would do "whatever it takes", a message that ratty forex traders understood, is now standing up to avoid a prolonged deflation.
In a surprise move, he slashed interest rates to near zero, and also said the ECB would start on another bout of bond buying.
Not quite quantitative easing , but somewhere there. He believes (correctly) that the euro needs to depreciate so that countries can export more. He's come around to the view that the German insistence of fiscal discipline and austerity is well, in central bank speak, not quite optimal to the situation.
It's nice to know, sometimes, that authorities can finally come around to a common sense point of view. Something I've been hammering on about for, yes, the last seven years.
Europe's response to the great banking crash, and it's way forward was dictated by Germany.
They were using the experience of merging East and West Germany, something that happened in a boom world, economically.
On the record, this has been the longest depression that the UK has been through — we're recovering, but Europe is not. And then we have Ukraine . Another day, another column.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why e-Bay India is missing in e-commerce despite coming much before Flipkart  AmazonAmazon
(Three years before Flipkart…)
A first mover has the opportunity to craft a competitive edge. It can become a figurehead, it can capture customers, it can erect entry barriers, it can make mistakes and correct them. In the happening Indian e-commerce space, such an association is usually made with Flipkart, which started in 2007. Except Flipkart, for all the ways it has been the marker of e-commerce in India, wasn't the first mover.
Three years before Flipkart made a non-descript beginning as an online book store, there was eBay.in, the Indian subsidiary of the $16-billion US company. It bought local auction platform baazee.com for $55 million in 2004 and transplanted its American business model — an online marketplace where sellers engage directly with buyers, with eBay only serving as a hosting platform — to India.
It had a lot going for it: a profitable parent, a team that wrote the code for online marketplaces, a brand synonymous with this medium of shopping. Yet, in the ecommerce din today, eBay India is hardly in the conversation. The talk is, instead, centred around Flipkart, Amazon and Snapdeal, and their fund-raising, investments or valuations.
"We are the largest marketplace (by number of sellers), but we are not in the valuations game," says eBay India managing director Latif Nathani. "Hence, we don't get talked about that much." But it's also true that while eBay, though growing at a rate that would be the envy of most companies, is trailing its peers in this high-growth sector.
In 2012-13, the latest period for which comparable numbers are available, Flipkart grew 476 per cent in value of goods sold. By comparison, eBay's revenues stood at Rs 81 crore for the year, against Rs 51 crore the previous year — a growth of about 60 per cent.
Globally, in 2013, eBay earned 8 per cent of the value of goods transacted as marketplace revenues. Extrapolating that to India yields a value of goods sold of around Rs 1,000 crore in 2012-13. That is close to the Rs 1,180 crore that Flipkart did that year.
But the others appear to have hit a sweet spot and seem to be breaking away from eBay. For 2013-14, Flipkart says it maintained that scorching pace, without disclosing numbers. In terms of unique visitors, in July, eBay trailed both Flipkart and Amazon, according to data from ComScore.
"When eBay started in India, it was ahead of its time," explains a former country head of eBay India, on condition of anonymity. "The Internet user base was less than 10 million and few people were willing to shop online.
However, things changed in the last few years and eBay has been surprisingly indifferent." The indifference this former country head, one of the six eBay has had in 10 years, is referring to is its reluctance to pivot with the times to capture more business from the 200 million-plus Internet users in India today, 10 per cent of whom shop online. For example, eBay was the last to switch to cash on delivery, the preferred payment mode of Indian consumers, about three months back.
 
AHEAD OF ITS TIME
This reluctance to change partly stems from its unique business model. EBay is an open marketplace (OMP) — a technology-based, asset-light model. It merely hosts sellers, of new and, in a small percentage, used goods, and connects them to buyers.
EBay does not handle logistics beyond alerting its partners in this space via an automated process. When goods move from sellers to buyers, they don't pass through an eBay warehouse.
By comparison, its three main competitors — Flipkart, Amazon and Snapdeal — all follow the managed marketplace model (MMP), where they control delivery and returns, and don't do used goods. "We opted for MMP as the question of trust comes in OMP," says Kunal Bahl, founder-CEO of Snapdeal, in which eBay owns a significant stake and which could emerge as a more significant expression of its business interests in India in the coming years.
According to Mukul Arora, vice-president of SAIF Partners, a venture fund, MMP helps control customer experience and is more suitable for India. "OMP is relevant in a mature ecosystem where sellers, logistics partners and buyers all are tech-savvy, and there are strong customer redress systems in place," he says. In 2013, eBay posted a net profit of $2.9 billion on an income of $16 billion, 70 per cent of which came from US, Germany and UK, all mature markets.
Sanjeev Aggarwal, senior managing director of Helion Venture Partners, sees three phases of evolution in marketplaces. The first is inventory-led, where the e-tailer controls everything. The second is MMP, where the e-tailer does not own the products, but controls delivery, quality and returns. Lastly, there's OMP where the e-tailer is merely a hosting platform. "India is now migrating to the second stage," says Aggarwal. "A pure OMP is about a decade away."

Zalmay Khalilzad faces laundering probeSeptember 8, 2014 11:32 pm
Former US ambassador faces money laundering probe
By Richard McGregor in Washington and Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/537739e6-3798-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Can Shital Mehta pull Pantaloons out of the ...Can CEO Shital Mehta pull Pantaloons out of the red?
Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Sep 9, 2014, 04.39AM IST
Tags:
Aditya Birla Group
("The real attempt to revive…)
MUMBAI: Shital Mehta doesn't like to be called a turnaround man, although that's really his calling card. He led the transformation of Van Heusen from a Rs 50 crore wholesale men's shirt brand in 2002 into a premium, lifestyle brand with sales of a little less than Rs 1,000 crore.
He made Madura Fashion and Lifestyle's loss-making luxury retail format, The Collective, a profitable concept three years ago. Now the Aditya Birla Group, which also owns Madura, is looking to the Pantaloons chief executive to change the fortunes of the loss-making department chain it acquired over a year ago from Future Group.
The strategy is simple. "Women's apparel has always been the draw at Pantaloons— it accounts for about half of sales compared to a quarter in most other department store chains. And exclusive brands are even more profitable--nearly 20 per cent higher than national brands," said Mehta, who has reorganized the stores to feature more than a dozen of Pantaloons' own brands such as Annabelle and Rang Manch up front and on the most visible racks.
The remaining space has been reserved sparingly for marquee brands including some belonging to the group such as Allen Solly and Peter England. The company also renovated more than half its 80 or so stores and plans to add another 20 doors by next year.
As part of a broader strategy to introduce exclusive international brands, Pantaloons has just signed a licensing deal with American women's clothing brand Candie's. The youth brand is sold across 650 doors globally and ranks among the bestsellers at US-based department store chain Kohl's.
In the last six months, Pantaloons has also launched San Frisco Jeans Co. and Byford, a British sport inspired lifestyle brand. While the Aditya Birla Group announced the acquisition of Pantaloons from Kishore Biyani two years ago for Rs 1,600 crore, the chain only came into its fold in April 2013.
"The real attempt to revive the department-store chain gained traction only during the beginning of the year after we managed to sell most of the old merchandise sourced by previous owner Future Group and replaced it with newer collections," said the 43-year-old Mehta, who was born in Bhavnagar, Gujarat, and peppers his conversation with native colloquialisms and talks about rebuilding the organization from the ground up.
"At the same time, we needed to retain its DNA, that of being women oriented and having an extremely loyal consumer base." Pantaloons has since streamlined operations, spent on staffing, adding 40 new designers and changed nearly half the 200 vendors it had earlier with ones that are bigger and specialise in their clothing sub-segment.
This reflects to an extent on the financials. Gross margins expanded nearly 4 per cent while the average bill value rose 13 per cent or Rs 200 per bill to more than Rs 1,500 in the quarter ended June from the year-ago period. However, experts feel such changes at an operational level are only part of what needs to be done.
"Rather than opening more stores, Pantaloons should focus on changing consumer perception about the brand that currently falls in between upmarket and mass-priced department chain," said Ruchi Sally, director at boutique retail consultancy Elargir Solutions. "Pantaloons needs to communicate aggressively that it has changed for the better."
With sales of Rs 1,661 crore in fiscal 2014, the department chain is still in the red with a net loss of Rs 187.7 crore, which the company attributes to increased staff and renovation costs.
Mehta, an engineering graduate, made his move into fashion in 2000 through Madura Lifestyle. "When I joined, I didn't even know what the number at the collar's back meant," joked Mehta, who went on to become the first recipient of the chairman's award at Madura.
FEATURED ARTICLES

M&M lines up 3 compact SUVs over next 2 yrsM&M lines up compact SUVs to take on Ford EcoSport and Renault Duster
Ketan Thakkar, ET Bureau Sep 9, 2014, 10.07AM IST
(Pawan Goenka, president…)
MUMBAI: Mahindra & Mahindra is lining up three major offerings in the compact sport-utility-vehicle segment for launch over the next 18-24 months, as it aims to reclaim space lost to the Ford EcoSport and Renault Duster over the past couple of years.
All the three vehicles will be less than four metres long, a segment that industry experts say is going to be a key driver of passenger vehicle sales and where M&M has only a limited presence. Mahindra is still the local leader in utility vehicle sales, but its market share has fallen to 42% at the end of the fiscal year through March 2014 from more than 55% two years earlier.
Renault meanwhile has grabbed about 9% of the market with the Duster, and Ford captured 8.68% with its sub-4-metre EcoSport. M&M's first compact SUV, the Quanto that failed to sustain the initial excitement, is getting ready for a major midlife facelift, said people with knowledge of the matter.
The project, codenamed U215, includes major design changes which are currently being worked on at M&M's design centre in Italy. The U215 will be positioned between the other two vehicles in the pipeline — M&M's first micro-SUV, dubbed S101, which will create a new entry point for the company and be pitted as an alternative to premium hatchbacks, and the probable Bolero replacement, codenamed U301.
The U301 may co-exist with the Bolero, a vehicle that still has acceptance in the hinterlands. M&M intends to do a Maruti in the compact SUV space, offering an alternative at every Rs 50,000-75,000 price points over the entry-level vehicle, a person close to the company told ETon condition of anonymity.
"All three sub-4 metre SUVs will have different characteristics catering to different segment of buyers. Design will be the key differentiator. The S101 compact SUV has a car-like appearance whereas the U215, the new Quanto, will assume a more rugged appearance than the boxy stance it had when launched," this person said.
According to him, the U301 will have the boldest features with a "Jeep Wrangler-like appearance". An M&M spokesman said the company cannot comment on specific product plans.
"As a general rule, we constantly work on refreshing all our products," he said. The MPV/SUV segment, which makes up for 22%-23% of the overall Indian passenger vehicle sales, is expected to grow in coming years. Industry experts say, the compact SUV market is expected to grow five times to make up almost half a million vehicle at the end of the decade and that the sub-4-meter space is expected to make up for a sizeable share of that. M&M has a strong band of loyal buyers and larger penetration in rural areas, but developing a sub-4-meter vehicle is extremely critical for it to regain its lost market share, said Gaurav Vangaal, senior analyst, forecasting, at consultancy firm IHS Automotive.
The urban sub-compact SUV segment, which did not exist a few years back, is expected to make up for a sizable 20-25% of compact UV space going ahead, he said. "M&M is there with its Quanto, but not with a proper sub-4-metre SUV, so it needs to prepare itself aggressively with more UVs in that space to protect its turf."
Pawan Goenka, president and executive director at Mahindra, has admitted in the past that the company wasn't quick enough to react to the compact SUV wave and that its answer to compact utility-vehicle space has been a year or two late. It seems the lineup of compact SUVs planned by the company is to not just take on existing rivals, but also react proactively to ensuing competition from the likes of Maruti Suzuki and the local units of Hyundai Motor and Honda Motor, who too have lined up sub-4-meter SUVs for launch in the coming two-three years.
  The person close to the company said the face-lifted Quanto will in fact be an interim model for M&M and has a potential of 24,000 units a year, before an all-new Quanto, now dubbed U321, hits the market in 2017.
The U321 is currently getting developed in the US and it will be a versatile platform that can deliver multiple products, from sub-4-metre to bigger 7-seat utility vehicles.
While M&M has seen its bread-andbutter utility vehicles Scorpio and Bolero as well as the XUV 500 selling in healthy numbers, its 'U platform' vehicles - the Quanto, Xylo and Genio - have been a major drag for it. It does not quite end there for M&M. Its R&D centres in India, the US and Italy are buzzing with projects. A face-lifted Scorpio and XUV should hit the market shortly.
It plans to revamp lifestyle offroader Thar, which now gets an underpinning of the U platform, a departure from the legendary MM540 base due to upcoming safety regulations. And, pickup truck Genio will be significantly enhanced in its upcoming facelift to take more abuses, which is very common in the Indian market.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Labour Minister promises to revamp archaic legislationsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Strong pitch for rating upgradeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Satyam: SAT stays Sebi penalty  upholds banThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Dear nakul.....as far i am concerned the real game changer for me was ...Here it comes nut,
FIS is to pay EUR375 million to acquire Brussels-based payments technology vendor Clear2Pay.
Clear2Pay, which counts 40 of the world`s top 50 banks among its client list, employs over 1200 staff in 23 offices worldwide. The company`s flagship Open Payments Framework offers a suite of re-usable components through which banks can process multiple payments types via a centralised payments engine. The company also boasts a number of other desirable assets in the cards space and in testing.
Rumours of a Clear2Pay sale first surfaced in October last year, when Reuters reported that private equity firm Aquline was looking to dispose of its interests in the company. Founded in 2001, Clear2Pay raised EUR50 million in an investment round led by the New York private equity firm in 2009, from the sale of shares previously held by Belgian VC, GIMV. The transaction gave Aquiline joint control of the company with its management.
FIS says the addition of Clear2Pay will bolster the company`s position in the fast-growing payments segment, which has been identified as a key strategic growth and investment area. The US-based company reported $620 million in revenue and EBITDA of $264 million from payments-related sales in the first quarter.
Gary Norcross, president and chief operating officer of FIS, states: "Many institutions are struggling to adapt to the evolving global payments landscape, inclusive of high-value and cross-currency corporate payments and new channels. This strategic acquisition demonstrates our commitment to delivering the technologies and assets that will enable our clients, especially large and global institutions, to realise a truly modern payments environment that encompasses all customer channels, simplifies payment operations, reduces costs and provides a better customer experience."
Read and find out what you want....it is there...

Ril has to take out 1060 to breakout.currently the stock has given jus...Silver Member
12 Followers
RIL has to take out 1060 to breakout.Currently the stock has given just 2.6% returns thins month.any news pertainiing to revision in gas price or diesel subsidy deregulation will give it the spark to take off.HOLD
In reply to : vara prasad message
5.47 AM Sep 9th

India has the potential to grow at 8-9% under narendra modi  says kevi...401 Followers
Indian solar capacity continues to sky-rocket - - - - -$$$$$
The Indian government`s heavy investment into the sector is paying off as total capacity for commissioned projects leaps by nearly 1.8 times. - - - - -$$$$$
The Indian solar capacity continues to rocket ahead, according to figures released by the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) that show total capacity for commissioned projects at the end of March. The figures, which preclude private commissions, were released on 1 April.
The total capacity for projects commissioned under the country`s National Solar Mission had reached nearly 2632 MW by the end of the first quarter, according to the data. This was an increase of 177.8% from its year-before sum of 947.5 MW. A little over a third of the total commissioned capacity in the country at present is in the Gujarat area.
Raj Prabhu, CEO and co-founder of Mercom Capital Group, told The Hindu, “The solar market potential remains as large as ever, even in a slower-growing economy. As power shortfalls continue, peak shortage is a critical problem that has stifled industrial growth, and back-up generation is becoming increasingly expensive. The diesel price hike of 50 paise a month since January 2013 has resulted in about 15% increase in diesel prices over the last 13 months, making solar a very attractive option.”
The largest increase in capacity had taken place in Madhya Pradesh, which saw an increase of 830.3% from 37.315 MW to 347.165 MW. MNRE`s data showed a large difference between the capacities of projects built under MNRE and state-driven projects. With the former, capacity stood at 687.8 MW while the latter came in at 1322.59 MW. The largest capacity added under MNRE was in the area of Rajasthan, which saw an increase from 178.95 MW to 730.1 MW, a rise of over 300%.
The figures reflect the government`s heavy involvement in the domestic solar industry. Two weeks ago, it was reported that MNRE was discussing plans to introduce a separate policy support scheme for Public Sector Undertakings (PSUs) interested in developing their own solar PV projects.  PSUs are largely government-owned and cash-rich entities.
On the international stage, the country`s National Solar Mission hit the news recently following the US government`s lodging of a complaint with the World Trade Organisation over India`s stipulation that 950 MW of solar projects tendered under the mission must use domestically-manufactured modules. In response to the US`s complaint, the Indian Prime Minister ordered that any trade probe be blocked.
Yet despite the seemingly good news, storm clouds have appeared with The National Solar Energy Federation of India complaining about the low-quality of domestically-made products.

From this chart one can see that tech m was underperforming nasdaq unt...Platinum Member
67 Followers
from this chart one can see that tech m was underperforming nasdaq until recently it started overperforming which looks like to continue in short term
In reply to : andy2530 message
5.40 AM Sep 9th

Asia’s short traders face tough sellSeptember 8, 2014 5:56 am
Asia’s short traders face tough sell
By Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f5ea3710-370b-11e4-85be-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BofA and UBS pull Tianhe coverageSeptember 3, 2014 3:48 pm
Banks that sponsored Tianhe IPO suspend analyst coverage
By Jennifer Hughes and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d5550570-3350-11e4-9607-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tianhe suspends shares after Anonymous dubs group a massive fraudSeptember 2, 2014 5:26 pm
Tianhe suspends shares after Anonymous dubs group ‘a massive fraud’
By Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/893f7e4e-3275-11e4-93c6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bruce Levenson and His Fellow Oppressorsreddit
Atlanta Hawks controlling owner Bruce Levenson has announced he will sell the team after self-reporting a racially charged email sent in 2012. The email , distributed to Hawks general manger Danny Ferry and two other members of the team's ownership group, outlined Levenson's observations on the team's inability to attract white fans and corporations. The racially charged contents of the correspondence have re-ignited the conversation on race and the National Basketball Association post Donald Sterling's recent gaffe . Levenson's email, however, is an example of the much bigger, lesser talked about implications of systemic racism in America.
Every business or corporation must hold discussions on demographics and marketing strategies as it pertains to the bottom line. The problem with Bruce Levenson's email wasn't his (attempted) brainstorming on ways in which to broaden the team's outreach and diversify its fan base. Levenson's shortcomings were in his failure to denounce stereotypes and (in his own words) to "challenge... not to validate or accommodate those who might hold" biases and preconceptions when it comes to race. When reading the full text of Levenson's email, we see several missed opportunities:
Levenson missed the opportunity to make sure his players felt supported in their community. The Atlanta Hawks are a predominately African American team and their home arena sits in the predominately African American city of Atlanta. Love it or hate it, that's what it is. With the understanding that every Atlanta Hawks player is most likely considered a success in their respective communities, it is deplorable to imply the support of fellow African Americans would be viewed as problematic -- or that their overwhelming presence was "scary" to whites. Bruce Levenson had an obligation to advocate for his players, for their friends and families, and to make sure his team remained supported in their city. His follow up actions  (detailed to fellow executives in his email) and attempt to resolve the perceived issue not only sent the overarching message that "white fans are more valuable than ... black ones", Levenson sent a message to his team: you may be good enough to make the NBA millions and perform at the highest level of professional sport in the world, but your kind aren't good enough to witness your athleticism or delight in your talents. This flawed ideology cuts deep for African Americans and harkens back to the exploitative Cotton Club era when black entertainers were commissioned to perform for a white-only clientele.
Levenson missed the opportunity to denounce racism. While the email only stated his "observations," and because he never made mention of personally hearing the account of any "white southerner" who was uncomfortable being in the company of blacks (though he implied much of the language he did hear was "code"), Bruce Levenson enforces what he claims to be against; racist garbage. By taking action based upon his alleged light-bulb moment of insight as to what white people may be feeling -- and through his willingness to make changes in effort to accommodate that feeling of white discomfort -- Levenson effectively made himself an enforcer and mouthpiece for racists:
"I have been open with our executive team about these concerns. I have told them I want some white cheerleaders and while I don't care what the color of the artist is, I want the music to be music familiar to a 40-year-old white guy if that's our season tickets demo. I have also balked when every fan picked out of crowd to shoot shots in some time out contest is black. I have even bitched that the kiss cam is too black."
Desmond Tutu's famed quote, "If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor" can't even be applied to Bruce Levenson. He was far from neutral to a blatant injustice, and through his actions, he became the oppressor.
Levenson missed the opportunity to advocate for inclusivity instead of divisiveness. In order to build a strong and sustainable business, one must think outside of the box. In his email, Levenson stated, "35-55 white males and corporations" are "the primary demo for season tickets around the (N.B.A.) league." The time for the NBA to restructure their outreach methodology is overdue, and Bruce Levenson could have been the catalyst for big change. White men, ages 35-55 aren't the only people in the country with disposable income. That is a ridiculous falsity and easily disproven through very basic research. Now more than ever, the NBA needs to be more creative in their marketing strategies and work harder to include not only women, but every demographic. Sport should unite, not divide. If Levenson believed the merchandise sales at Hawks games were low because "black fans don't have the spendable income," he should have encouraged the NBA to decrease the cost of their already overpriced merchandise/sought out talented designers capable of creating merchandise that every Hawks fan would want to wear on their backs. That would have been innovative.
Law Professor Vernellia Randall, one of the nation's most distinguished legal scholars and analysts on issues involving race and health care, explains the difference between overt and covert racism:
Racism...takes three closely related forms: individual, institutional, and systemic. Individual racism consists of overt acts by individuals that cause death, injury, destruction of property, or denial of services or opportunity. Institutional racism is more subtle but no less destructive... (it) involves polices, practices, and procedures of institutions that have a disproportionately negative effect on racial minorities' access to and quality of goods, services, and opportunities. Systemic racism is the basis of individual and institutional racism; it is the value system that is embedded in a society that supports and allows discrimination.
When we witness lack of inclusivity -- from our schools to our corporations, from the advertising industry to Hollywood -- Levenson's email is the example of how it is allowed to happen. Be it overt or covert, racism is allowed to exist when people in positions of power enforce and condone its existence. This teachable moment serves as a reminder: if you're not a part of the solution, you're part of the problem. In addition, Bruce Levenson's correspondence with top brass officials gives rare insight into conversations the general public typically is not privy, conversations usually held behind closed doors, in every Fortune 500 boardroom and institution in America. The outcome of these conversations -- and the actions of individuals like Bruce Levenson -- is what largely determines opportunity, upward mobility, inclusivity and justice for people of color in this country. That is scary.
Follow Kim Kane on Twitter: www.twitter.com/kimkane1
More:

Midway Airport adds yoga room  facility for nursing mothersMidway Airport adds yoga room, facility for nursing mothers
New yoga room at Midway
Rosemarie Andolino, a commissioner at the Chicago Department of Aviation, discusses why the airport recently installed a yoga room and a room for nursing mothers.
Rosemarie Andolino, a commissioner at the Chicago Department of Aviation, discusses why the airport recently installed a yoga room and a room for nursing mothers.
By Richard Webner,, Tribune reporter
Midway Airport adds yoga room, area for nursing mothers.
To heighten its appeal to travelers, Midway International Airport adds yoga room, area for nursing mothers.
In an effort to heighten its appeal to travelers, Chicago's Midway Airport has added a yoga room and a room for nursing mothers.
The rooms, which were unveiled Monday morning, are in the airport's C concourse, a short walk from the Midway Boulevard food court. They seem designed to give travelers respite from the hectic nature of air travel, with flat screens displaying nature scenes and soothing music playing in the background.
Antonio Perez, Chicago Tribune
Travelers pass by the new yoga room Monday at Chicago's Midway Airport.
Travelers pass by the new yoga room Monday at Chicago's Midway Airport. (Antonio Perez, Chicago Tribune)
"People have choices today where they're going to fly. They may choose an airport based on food offerings, they may choose an airport because of an amenity, like a yoga room," said Rosemarie Andolino, commissioner of the Chicago Department of Aviation, who got the idea for the yoga room after spotting one at San Francisco International Airport.
The two rooms, which cost about $75,000, are part of a series of efforts to spruce up Midway and O'Hare International Airport, Andolino said. In the past two years, O'Hare has added a few spas and its own yoga room, which has proved popular, she said. Another spa is being planned for Midway.

Alibaba: IPO expected to price on Sept 18 | Gives muted info to potential investorsYou are here: Home > Collections > Brokerage
Alibaba IPO expected to price on September 18: Fidelity Investments
Reuters Sep 9, 2014, 03.46AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba IPO
(Boston-based Fidelity,…)
BOSTON: The blockbuster initial public offering of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd is expected to price on September 18th, Fidelity Investments has told brokerage clients.
Boston-based Fidelity, best known for its stable of mutual funds and brokerage, listed the expected pricing date on its website.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Drought Marches on Despite Record Rain in Phoenix
Apollo unit in HungaryThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

FOREX-Dollar extends rally on Fed study  sterling woesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

AI to review domestic fleet needs as growth slowsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Allegations against CBI chief Ranjit Sinha serious  says Supreme CourtThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi to visit White House on Sept 29-30: US official | Sushma talks tough on Pak  China & USBarack Obama
(The meeting will mark Modi's first…)
WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama will meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the White House on September 29 and 30 during which the two leaders would discuss a wide range of bilateral and strategic issues including economic growth, a presidential spokesperson said today.
"President Obama looks forward to welcoming Prime Minister Narendra Modi of India to the White House on September 29-30," White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said.
Obama looks forward to working with Modi to fulfill the promise of the US-India strategic partnership for the benefit of both our citizens and the world, he added.
The meeting will mark Modi's first visit to the US since his party swept to victory in general elections.
"The two leaders will discuss a range of issues of mutual interest in order to expand and deepen the US-India strategic partnership," he said.
"They will discuss ways to accelerate economic growth, bolster security cooperation, and collaborate in activities that bring long-term benefits to both countries and the world," Earnest said.
"They will also focus on regional issues, including current developments in Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq, where India and the United States can work together with partners towards a positive outcome," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

After governors  NDA govt focuses on NEC membersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Apollo tyre buy intraday target 218Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Without operator a share can not show movement ---for a casino one org...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Long term investors with three years perspective can buy this counter ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Trendsetter Buy this  not thatSecrets to building a designer wardrobe
Alina Dizik
About the author
Alina Dizik is a freelance journalist who covers consumer trends, careers, lifestyle and small business for national publications. Her work appears in the Wall Street Journal, Entrepreneur, Men's Journal and BBC.
Shock and awe
Never underestimate the power of a colourful tie to boost your wardrobe and your image. (Getty Images)
A good reason to travel
Editor and fashion consultant Caroline Issa recommends shopping abroad for unique pieces. (Joanna Paterson)
A classic investment
Dark blue or grey business suits have the highest “cost-per-wear” ratio, making them your most valuable purchases. (Getty Images)
Get creative
It’s easier to stay on-trend with accessories that add a splash of colour. (Getty Images)
Timeless
If you are ready to spend the big bucks, make sure you pick classic pieces that won’t go easily out of fashion. (Getty Images)
Temptation beckons
Avoid impulse buys, no matter how alluring the outfit may be. (Getty Images)
Mix and match
Purchase more affordable, trendy shirts to layer with your more expensive suits. (Getty Images)
More Slideshows
An expat’s home away from home
HIDE CAPTION
Kimberly Ross wanted a handbag. Not just any handbag, but a black leather bucket-style bag considered an “It” bag by many fashionistas. She’d spotted the sought-after piece by Los Angeles designer Mansur Gavriel in a post by fashion blogger Garance Dore and had to have it, even though it was sold out both online and in stores.
The 32-year-old dentist from Chicago spent a month on a neighbourhood boutique’s waiting list before finally bringing
 home her $700 purchase.
Ross now uses it every day and says it matches everything.
“It’s something I’ll have for a long time,” said Ross.
Buying a designer wardrobe is rarely as simple as a stroll down Fifth Avenue or the Champs Elysees. Finding the best pieces requires careful curating, research and a strategic approach, all without giving in to impulse buys, say fashion editors, stylists and executive image consultants.
“A shopping strategy of ‘buy less, but buy better’ is paramount,” said Caroline Issa, fashion director at Tank magazine in London.
Start with the classics
Spend the most money on designer pieces that are versatile such as tailored dark jackets, classic black pants and neutral-coloured handbags. That ensures you’ll wear higher quality clothing more often. Dark blue or gray business suits are the most versatile, along with well-fitted dress shirts and dark blue jeans. A classic suit from designer Paul Smith can run close to $1,000 while Canali can top $2,000.
One way to justify more expensive purchases is to consider the “cost-per-wear” ratio, or the amount of times a clothing piece could be worn before being tossed out, said Imogen Lamport, an image consultant in Melbourne, Australia. “Classics will last you up to a decade,” Lamport said. Using a tailor to update outdated lengths, get rid of pleats or even take out shoulder pads can make classic pieces last even longer.
Issa says she returns to some of her classic pieces throughout the seasons. Favourites include tuxedo jackets and blouses designed from Yves Saint Laurent (designed by its former designer Stefano Pilati), a Chanel boucle knit jacket and colourful evening dresses by Temperley London. The classic Chanel tweed jacket can cost upwards of $3,000, while dresses by Temperley cost over $1,300.
“I wear them year after year,” she said.
Adopt a high-low strategy
In the last decade, high street brands including Zara, Mango, H&M and Asos have encouraged the concept of high-low dressing by offering pieces inspired by the season’s runway for under $200.
This allows shoppers to purchase trendier, less-practical pieces such as printed blouses or colourful pants that may not be in style next season at more affordable prices Pairing such passing fancy clothing with luxury classics and designer accessories can keep a wardrobe updated without making a large investment, said Lamport.
Stay on-trend with accessories
Rather than loading up on clothing that might look outdated next year, Zayna Mossam, a Toronto-based image consultant, tells clients to focus on adding trendy accessories to classics designer pieces. A pair of colorful pumps or an edgier tie can be simpler to buy since they don’t require a perfect fit. A single stand-out item can instantly make you appear on-trend. Online, sites such as Mytheresa and Stylebop have extensive accessory collections with a focus on designer pieces.
Larger necklaces or long earrings can also dress up a casual daytime outfit for the evening. “It’s easier to keep fashion forward with accessories,” said Mossam who wears a trendy acrylic cocktail ring by French designer Laurent Guillot to add polish to an evening outfit.
Avoid impulse buys
Even if you know what you’re after, it’s easy to get seduced by products in the store. Ross keeps a list on her mobile phone of items that she wants and checks the list before making a purchase. As a rule, Ross says her tops and casual bottoms don’t cost more than $50 each, but she pairs them with more expensive jackets including a recent cropped blazer purchased from Helmut Lang that cost $575. “I don’t spend much on t-shirts and jeans,” she said.
And take an inventory of what you already have. That helps to save money for high-quality designer pieces, said Cidonie Richards, founder of Threads and Ginger, a style blog based in Shanghai. Clever store marketing can make shoppers forget what they have at home. It’s easy to “have too many of a particular item of clothing like 20 pairs of jeans, multitude of black T-shirts, ten black bags but no tan ones,” Richards said. Ideally, clothing should be worn at least once a month and accessories several times per month to be considered worth the cost.
Buy it cheaper
Come sale time, Issa says a favourite trick is shopping abroad or even visiting a different city where fashion trends can differ. “Local tastes vary so much you might find something that you find terrific that no one picked up in your host country,” she said.
Consider tax savings when shopping abroad. For instance, those living outside of Europe can get a value-added tax (VAT) refund which can yield significant savings but require extra time at the airport. Shopping online can also save customers from paying local taxes.
Mossam signs up for email newsletters and notifications about sales from her favourite department stores and online boutiques. “Have a dedicated email address for shopping to prevent clogging up your personal email,” she said.
As the world of designer resale grows, many shop owners are more focused than ever on keeping up with on-trend secondhand goods. Consignment stores, online accessory websites such as Fashionphile and verified eBay sellers can be a good bet for finding classic designer pieces by designers including Chanel, Hermes and Louis Vuitton which rarely go on sale.  
Online, international sites such as the Outnet, the outlet site for designer powerhouse Net-a-Porter, is a good place to start, said Lamport.  In European countries including France and Spain, it is common to find twice yearly sales (in June or July and January) which offer a wide variety of products.
Online flash sale sites such as Gilt Groupe can be a good bet for finding discounts on last season’s clothing. Throughout the year, some brands also host sample sales or keep stock shops, which are advertised on local fashion blogs. Don’t be seduced by super-low prices for designer items. “Don’t assume all designer clothing is worth the money,” said Lamport.
How to borrow it
In the last five years, fashion rental startups, such as Rent the Runway and Girl Meets Dress for dresses, Bag Borrow or Steal for handbags and Black Tux for men’s formal wear, make it easier to wear a designer wardrobe without full price. Users go online and rent anything from evening dress to accessories for less than a quarter of the price of buying, keeping the item as long as needed. Inventory is mostly collections from the last few seasons.
There’s one drawback: Most of the items for rent are not basics but focused on dressing up for more formal occasions. And of course shipping clothing back and forth can become a hassle.
Advertising Feature

Where are all the menAre you as honest as you think?
This is a question ethical people ask themselves in many situations throughout life: is it incumbent on me to go out of my way to do what I consider is right, even if it’s not required or expected of me, just to set an example for others? Just asking this question means that you are moral enough to think about how your actions affect others in circumstances where the problem is not yours alone, but rather a broad social issue.
In this case, the question bumps into issues of labour laws and anti-discrimination rules.
“‘Purposive hiring,’ like selecting men just to create a more balanced workforce, is likely to create legal problems,” warned Joseph Mazzola, an assistant professor of industrial and organisational psychology at Roosevelt University in Chicago. The female applicants you don’t hire could sue you, especially if they feel they are more qualified for the job, he said.
The safest way to hire people is to use a consistent system, such as interviews or personality testing, he said. If two candidates come out the same in your scoring system, then it’s up to you to pick the one you feel will be the best fit.
There’s also the issue of self-selection. If more women enter this field, then it makes sense to receive more job applications from women. Mazzola suggests changing your recruiting or advertising techniques to attract more men, but in a female-dominated profession, you may still have trouble getting men to apply. 
If there aren’t qualified men for you to hire, then it’s a moot point whether you wish to hire them or not. As a businessperson, it’s your responsibility to hire the best applicants you can find, as long as you don’t discriminate illegally. “To not do so could risk the performance of the business and affect the organisational culture negatively,” Mazzola said.
In general, you can, and should, try to apply sweeping moral principles to your work, such as “professions should generally be equally divided between men and women”. Just be aware that sometimes it’s not feasible to make these principles fit the needs of your business. The important thing is to keep trying to conduct your business in an ethical way.
What do you think? To comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Capital, head over to our  Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
Your Questions Here?
Work Ethic is a twice-monthly column on BBC Capital in which we consider the ethical and interpersonal dilemmas that workers face around the world. We welcome knotty questions from readers at workethic@bbc.com .
Advertising Feature

Nifty Hits Record High of 8 180.20; Sensex Surges Past 27 300You are here: Home Market
Nifty Hits Record High of 8,180.20; Sensex Surges Past 27,300
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 17:27 (IST)
European Shares Fall as Fed, Scotland Dominate
Mumbai:
The BSE Sensex and Nifty rose more than 1 per cent on Monday, resuming their record-setting streak after two days of consolidations, as strong foreign buying and weak oil prices stoked buying in blue-chips such as HDFC Bank.
The Nifty gained as much as 1.15 per cent to a new high of 8,180.20, while the Sensex rose 1.21 per cent to an all-time high of 27,354.99, surpassing their previous records hit on Wednesday.
Weak global economic growth combined with ample supply pushed oil prices below $100 a barrel for the first time in 14 months on Monday. Investors say this will further help the Indian government and the central bank to rein in fiscal deficit and inflation.
Meanwhile, local shares have benefited from strong foreign buying which has led indexes to a string of record highs this year. The 50-share Nifty is the best performing equity index in Asia, up 32.6 per cent in US dollar terms for 2014 so far.
Foreign buying is expected to continue after data on Friday showed US employers added the fewest jobs in eight months in August, reviving bets that the Federal Reserve might leave interest rates near zero for longer than anticipated.
"Softening of non-food commodity prices would be the next big trigger for Indian shares. Over the next three years earnings will grow by 16-18 per cent and market returns would mirror that," said Harsha Upadhyaya, chief investment officer - equity at Kotak Mutual Fund.
The Sensex rose 1.08 per cent, or 293.15 points, to end at 27,319.85.
The Nifty rose 1.08 per cent, or 87.05 points, to end at 8,173.90, closing above the psychologically important 8,100 level.
Goldman Sachs raised its Nifty target to 9,000 points for September 2015 from 8,600 points for June 2015, saying earnings sentiment remained positive for the overall market.
Blue-chips led gains after two consecutive sessions of losses. HDFC Bank rose 1.9 per cent, while Reliance Industries ended up 1.2 per cent after falling 0.54 per cent over the last two sessions.
Larsen & Toubro rose 1.04 per cent, while ICICI Bank ended 1.3 per cent higher.
Oil and Natural Gas Corp gained 2.6 per cent after Bank of America Merrill Lynch upgraded the stock to "buy" from "neutral", saying it expected more gains from oil reforms than earlier.
Oil marketing companies surged after Brent crude fell below $100 a barrel for the first time in 14 months. Hindustan Petroleum Corp advanced 4.5 per cent, Bharat Petroleum Corp gained 1.7 per cent and Indian Oil Corp rose 3.4 percent.
Shares of logistics firms gained ahead of the listing of cold storage company Snowman Logistics in the next few weeks.
Gati jumped 10 per cent, Container Corp of India gained 2.8 per cent and Balmer Lawrie and Co advanced 2.9 per cent.
Cement stocks gained on expectation demand will pick up when the monsoon season ends after September, dealers said. ACC and UltraTech Cements ended up 1.8 per cent each.
However, among stocks that fell, Motherson Sumi lost 0.5 percent, adding to Friday's 2.4 percent slump on profit-taking after hitting a record high of Rs 402.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Euro zone Sentix investor confidence hits 14-month low in SeptemberSep 08, 2014, 02.01 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Euro zone Sentix investor confidence hits 14-month low in September
Euro zone Sentix investor confidence hits 14-month low in September
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Euro zone Sentix investor confidence hits 14-month low in September
Euro zone Sentix investor confidence hits 14-month low in September
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Investor confidence in the euro zone for September deteriorated to the lowest level in 14 months, underlining concerns over the outlook for the region's economy, data showed on Monday.
In a report, market research group, Sentix said its index of investor confidence tumbled to -9.8 this month, the lowest since July 2013, from a reading of 2.7 in August. Analysts had expected the index to decline to 2.0 in September.
On the index, a level above 0.0 indicates optimism, below indicates pessimism.
EUR/USD was trading at 1.2945 from around 1.2944 ahead of the release of the data, while EUR/GBP was at 0.8007 from 0.8008 earlier.
Meanwhile, European stock markets remained mixed. The DJ Euro Stoxx 50 inched down 0.25%, France's CAC 40 shed 0.25%, Germany's DAX tacked on 0.1%, while London's FTSE 100 slumped 0.4%.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

A day before its launch  iPhone 6 cases go on sale in IndiaUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: While the world is waiting for the first look of iPhone 6, an Indian e-commerce player, that primarily deals in accessories, has made available the cases for the yet-to-be-unveiled iPhone 6 for buyers here in India. Dailyobjects.com has started selling cases for the iPhone 6 at a price of Rs 1,125.
When contacted by IBNLive, Pankaj Garg, co-founder, Dailyobjects.com, said, "the cases that have been rolled out are purely based on the leaked designs and speculations," adding, "it's a risk game and we are betting".
When asked what if the design of the upcoming iPhone 6 turns out to be different than what they expected, he said, "It's unlikely that the final design of the phone would differ from what the cases are available for." He further explained that this is not the first time they have rolled out cases before an iPhone launch. According to Garg the final design has always turned out to be what has been seen in the leaks.
E-commerce retialer Dailyobjects.com has started selling the cases for the yet-to-be-unveiled iPhone 6 in India at Rs 1,125.
Taking a little possibility of failure in mind, Garg said, if this time the design (of the iPhone 6) turns out to be different from the leaked renderings, then it will be a big loss for the accessories market as such cases are also available in China and other markets, as well a loss of Rs 2-3 lakhs for Dailyobjects.com.
Apple is speculated to announce the successor to its iPhone 5s, dubbed iPhone 6, on Tuesday, September 9. The Cupertino major is rumoured to announce the iPhone with a bigger screen, sleeker design and wireless payment capabilities.

Markets end at record highs | Oil falls below $100You are here: Home > Collections
Markets end at record closing high; oil & gas, banks surge
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 8, 2014, 05.20PM IST
Tags:
markets
(Goldman Sachs has rolled…)
MUMBAI: The Nifty resumed its upward journey after two-day break and ended at record closing high on the back of strong inflows from foreign institutional investors.
The FIIs have pumped in $740 million in Indian equities last week while year-to-date they have invested massive $13.9 billion.
Goldman Sachs has rolled its 12-month target for Nifty to September 2015 (from June 2015) and Nifty updated target to 9,000 from 8,600 earlier.
According to analysts, India is in a sweet spot and the rally will continue at least till Diwali. They are not expecting a sharp correction but some consolidation is not ruled out.
"I do not anticipate a big correction but some sectoral rotation. I do anticipate some profit booking and consolidation and I would quantify that as a maximum of 7-10 per cent," said Ritu Gangrade Arora, CIO, Canara HSBC OBC Life Insurance to ET Now.
"At this point, market is trading at 16.5 times rolling forward one year. That is not a very expensive market as we have seen peaks of 21 and 22 times. I still see strong flows both from domestic as well as FIIs," Gangrade added.
The 50-share index ended at all-time closing high of 8,173.90, up 87.05 points or 1.08 per cent. It touched all-time high of 8,180.20 and an intraday low of 8,126.15 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Sensex ended at all-time closing high of 27,319.85, up 293.15 points or 1.08 per cent. It touched all-time high of 27,354.99 and a low of 27,144.56 today.
"The opening gap-up was sustained for the next two hours. Towards closing, the market picked up steam as participation and breadth improved. I would be comfortable buying into Nifty at 8150 spot levels with a 50-point stoploss for 100-150 points rally on the upside. Out short term targets of 8250-8300 should be met in the next few trading sessions," said Mitesh Thacker, Technical Analyst, miteshthacker.com
The BSE Midcap Index was up 1.29 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index 2.11 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Oil & Gas Index surged 1.79 per cent, the S&P BSE FMCG Index was 1.40 per cent higher and the S&P BSE Bankex gained 1.38 per cent.
Hindalco (up 4.26 per cent), Asian Paints (up 4.17 per cent), Ambuja Cement (up 2.96 per cent), ONGC (up 2.65 per cent) and Grasim (up 2.12 per cent) were among the index gainers.
NTPC (1.65 per cent), NMDC (1.21 per cent), Tata Power (0.85 per cent), M&M (0.82 per cent) and Power Grid Corporation (0.71 per cent) were among the Nifty losers.
The market breadth was positive on the NSE with 956 gainers against 284 losers
The foreign institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 310.51 crore and domestic institutional investors were net sellers worth Rs 354.81 crore on Friday as per the provisional data from the National Stock Exchange.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SAT stays Sebi penalty on Satyam s B Ramalinga RajuYou are here: Home > Collections > Sebi
Securities Appellate Tribunal stays Sebi penalty on Satyam's B Ramalinga Raju, 4 others; upholds ban
PTI Sep 9, 2014, 02.40AM IST
Tags:
Insurability
(The tribunal posted matter…)
MUMBAI: The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) on Monday stayed the Rs 1,849-crore penalty that Sebi had slapped on the founder-chairman of Satyam, B Ramalinga Raju and four others, but upheld a ban on them from accessing the markets .
The tribunal posted the matter for further hearing in December, when it will decide whether to admit the pleas of the Raju brothers and others against Sebi order.
The tribunal asked Sebi to explain why such a large amount was imposed as part of a disgorgement order and to file an affidavit stating its position by November 7. The tribunal also asked Raju and four others named in the scam to file counter-affidavits by December 15.
The four others facing the prohibitory orders are Raju's brother B Rama Raju (the then managing director of Satyam), Vadlamani Srinivas (ex-chief financial officer), G Ramakrishna (ex-vice president) and VS Prabhakara Gupta (ex-head of internal audit). Following the Sebi order, the Raju brothers had moved the SAT last Friday.
Sebi on July 15 this year barred Ramalinga Raju and the four others from accessing the market for 14 years and asked them to return Rs 1,849 crore in unlawful gains with 12 per cent interest, in total a disgorgement amount of over Rs 3,000 crore.
Sebi asked them to pay up within 45 days of the order, closing five-and-a-half year long probe into the country's biggest corporate fraud.
In its 65-page order, Sebi said these five persons "have committed a sophisticated white collar financial fraud with premeditated and well thought of plan and deliberate design for personal gains and to the detriment of Satyam and investors in its securities".
FEATURED ARTICLES

How to Reuse a Casinoreddit
Atlantic City's Revel Casino Hotel closed this month after just two years of operation. Once seen as an investment is revitalizing the struggling city, it is now a $2.4 billion reminder of promises unmet.
Mayor Don Guardian is trying to stay positive : "This might be Revel's last chapter, but not the last one for this building."
He suggested the structure could become a business or even a new college. Others are having a harder time envisioning how to repurpose 6.3 million square feet of floor space on twenty acres of the city's beachfront.
Revel had already filed for bankruptcy twice since opening in 2012 . (Photo: Anjan Chatterjee, Flickr Commons ).
Casino adaptive reuse may well become an architectural movement in the future. Revel joins three other Atlantic City casinos that have closed or are set to close this year. According to a recent report , more could follow.
Analysts say the market is saturated, particularly in the Mid-Atlantic and New England, as states look to legalized gambling to create jobs and tax revenue. Atlantic City's decline in gambling revenue is largely attributed to the opening of 17 casinos in Pennsylvania and Maryland since 2007 (with two more planned), plus a video slots parlor in New York City.
Meanwhile, New York is on track to award four casino licenses this fall, and Massachusetts hopes to join the fray with three more. Massachusetts's first license went to MGM in June to build a casino in downtown Springfield. A second likely will be awarded this week to either Wynn Resorts or Mohegan Sun for their billion-dollar proposals outside Boston.
But even as states bet fiscal futures on legalized gambling, some policymakers seem to be hedging. Among 211 questions on the Massachusetts casino license application , potential operators were asked to:
Describe the design features that will allow other uses of the buildings in the gaming establishment complex in the event that the applicant decides to cease gaming operations in the facility at some future date.
Applicants weren't quite sure what to make of a demand that undermines their own commitments:
MGM Springfield anticipates operating the gaming establishment beyond the useful life of the buildings. Therefore, we view this question as more theoretical in nature.
Each applicant nonetheless described alternative uses as conference and convention space, or destination retail and dining. Mohegan Sun suggested its complex could become a satellite campus for a Boston university, housing dorm or athletic facilities.
College dorms of the future? (Mohegan Sun Massachusetts gaming license application , Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates, 2013).
With the longevity of the casino boom coming into question, what other kinds of retrofitting make sense? Here are some ideas I'll add to the list:
Office space: Casinos participate in global financial networks where digital connectivity drives dealmaking. Rows of slot machines manned by zombified gamblers pushing buttons easily convert into rows of cubicles occupied by white-collar workers punching computer keys.
Prisons: Vice industries tend to pop up in struggling, postindustrial cities that are eager to believe promises of economic development. In Chester, Pennsylvania, a former manufacturing town outside Philadelphia that has a 31 percent poverty rate, the Harrah's Casino sits next door to a state prison. Like prisons, gambling floors are nearly windowless, limiting visitors' interactions with the outside world. They also employ state-of-the-art surveillance technologies, making for a smooth transition.
Warehouses: Stripped of their glitz, gambling halls are cavernous spaces that share much in common with the "shed" designs of warehouses. Casinos also often locate near highways in order to easily shuttle customers in and out of the properties. Remove the felt tables and slot machines and the buildings are well-situated to send and receive durable goods rather than redistribute players' money. Parking lots designed for casino buses nicely accommodate 18-wheelers.
Affordable Housing and Grocery Stores: Step away from the boardwalk and visitors to Atlantic City confront neighborhoods failed by the promises of urban revitalization that were attached to New Jersey's legalization of gambling in 1976. Atlantic City has gone decades at a time without a major grocery store , which combined with a 30 percent poverty rate officially makes most of the city a food desert . Adapting closed resorts could address the inequalities that plague many American cities by converting luxury hotels into affordable housing and opening supermarkets on casino floors.
A multinational casino corporation might leave town for more profitable business opportunities elsewhere, but it cannot take the buildings. Could these multi-million-dollar structures represent opportunities for new uses that benefit the communities in which they are located more directly that gambling ever will? I'll let readers decide which of the suggestions above fits that bill.
Massachusetts's voters could decide in November not to take the risk at all. A measure on the state ballot would, if passed, repeal the state's gambling law and the licenses.
Operators have decided to wait until then before beginning construction.
What are your ideas for repurposing casinos?
More:

Far-Right Base Angered By Governor s Pivot To The MiddleFar-Right Base Angered By Mike Pence's Pivot To The Middle
 | By                                                                TOM LoBIANCO
Updated:
09/07/2014  1:59 pm EDT
INDIANAPOLIS, IN - MAY 24: Indiana governor Mike Pence attends the 2014 IPL 500 Festival Parade during the 2014 Indy 500 Festival at  on May 24, 2014 in Indianapolis, Indiana. (Photo by Michael Hickey/Getty Images) | Michael Hickey via Getty Images
reddit
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Indiana Gov. Mike Pence has been ticking off some of his tea party backers as he positions himself to possibly run for president in 2016, and that may be just what he needs to appeal to business-minded Republicans looking for a candidate who is moderate enough to win a general election.
Pence has stoked speculation that he will run for president by appearing at several events, including a summit in Texas last month organized by Americans for Prosperity, one of several conservative interest groups backed by billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch. On Monday, he will make his first trip as governor to Iowa — a pilgrimage that several other apparent presidential hopefuls from his party, including Texas Gov. Rick Perry and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, have already made.
Pence has been noncommittal, saying only that he'll campaign for Republicans across the country heading into 2016. But many in GOP circles are keeping close watch on the first-term governor, especially those on the far right who are showing signs of disillusionment.
As a hard-charging conservative congressman, Pence was an early member of the House Tea Party Caucus. But since becoming governor, he has softened his approach to the point where many who were pushing for him to run for president in 2012 are wondering what happened. His efforts to pull Indiana from national Common Core education standards resulted in a new set of standards that one critic dubbed Common Core "warmed over." And Pence's decision to seek an alternative expansion of the state's Medicaid program led many tea partyers to accuse him of abandoning them on one of their core issues.
The disillusionment was on display last month, when anti-Common Core demonstrators protested Pence's participation in a panel discussion at the Americans For Prosperity summit.
"It's not just this one little issue, it's a number of cracks in the armor," said Joy Pullmann, author of The Federalist blog and a senior fellow at The Heartland Institute, a conservative think tank.
Pence has defended his decisions on the Medicaid alternative and new education standards.
"I'm very proud of the fact that Indiana became the first state to withdraw from the Common Core, I have long believed that education is a state and local function," said Pence, who opposed former President George W. Bush's No Child Left Behind law while a freshman congressman.
It remains to be seen how Pence's decisions will sit with voters.
In the years since Pence established himself as a leader on the right in Washington, other big national personalities have taken up that cause. The Republican field is flooded with would-be candidates appealing to the most conservative faction of the Republican base, including Perry and Jindal.
The field of prospective candidates playing to the middle is wide open, however, with Christie hurt by the scandal over the George Washington Bridge lane closures and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush giving mixed signals on whether he will run.
Pullmann, who moved to Fort Wayne, Indiana, from Washington three years ago, said conservative activists are split on Pence, with some saying he deserves the chance to correct his course.
"Then the other folks are saying 'Look, we don't want him to be trying to run for higher office just using the position of governor as a stepping stone. Especially if what he's going to do is pivot to becoming a RINO, if that's what he thinks he's gotta do to go win the nomination," she said, referring to the conservative slang for moderates who are considered to be "Republican in Name Only."
Pence, who will attend a meeting of the Midwest-U.S. Japan Association Conference and speak at a fundraiser for Gov. Terry Branstad while in Iowa, is staying quiet for now.
"I'm not going to Iowa for the reason you think," he quipped.
Also on HuffPost:

Here’s Arnold Schwarzenegger’s official gubernatorial portraitComments
By Hunter Schwarz September 8
Former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger’s (R) official gubernatorial portrait was unveiled Monday at the State Capitol in Sacramento.
The portrait was painted by Austrian-Irish artist Gottfried Helnwein. Helnwein is known for his stark and dramatic work, including a series on  children in war ,  a watercolor of Adolf Hitler  and some  rather grotesque self-portraits . He also worked with   Marilyn Manson  for the singer’s 2003 Grotesk Burlesk Tour.
Former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger poses next to his gubernatorial portrait. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
The piece was described as a “neo-realist, monochromatic study of the former governor” by Barbara Gasser, an Austrian reporter and member of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association who  spoke with Helnwein.
“Arnold is one of the most remarkable men of our times,” Helnwein  said in a statement . “He is larger than life, he is a myth, and he has already lived several lives that became legend … I was excited an honored when he asked me to paint his official portrait. It was quite a challenge, and I enjoyed every moment of it.”
California Gov. Jerry Brown (center) walks former Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger (R) to the unveiling of Schwarzenegger ‘s official portrait. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
The piece was described as a “neo-realist, monochromatic study of the former governor” by Barbara Gasser, an Austrian reporter and member of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association who  spoke with Helnwein.
“Arnold is one of the most remarkable men of our times,” Helnwein  said in a statement . “He is larger than life, he is a myth, and he has already lived several lives that became legend … I was excited an honored when he asked me to paint his official portrait. It was quite a challenge, and I enjoyed every moment of it.”
Gubernatorial portraits are usually paid for by the taxpayer, but Schwarzenegger paid for his own, according to the Los Angeles Times’ Chris Megerian . Schwarzenegger’s will be displayed on the third floor of the Capitol, next to the one of former governor Gray Davis, the Democrat he replaced in 2003 after the state’s recall election.
@Schwarzenegger portrait will go right here next to Gov. Gray Davis, whom he replaced following recall of 2003. Irony pic.twitter.com/oyuvBzihMo
— Mike Luery (@KCRALuery) September 8, 2014
Also, a reminder: This is current Gov. Jerry Brown’s (D) official portrait from the first time the Democrat was California governor, from 1975-1983:
California Gov. Jerry Brown’s official gubernatorial portrait (via Facebook )
Brown said Monday during the unveiling for Schwarzenegger’s portrait that his father, former California governor Pat Brown (D), told his son after his portrait was unveiled that he’d never be elected to another office again.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410209467/1410209467000/1410209467 tracking: {authors=Hunter Schwarz, blog_name=govbeat, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=arnold-schwarzeneggers-gubernatorial-portrait-was-done-by-a-man-whos-photographed-marilyn-manson-for-his-tour, post_id=15027, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 8:51:07 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 8:51:07 PM

Dow  S&P 500 end lower following drop in energy sharesYou are here: Home > Collections > Yahoo
Dow, S&P 500 end lower following drop in energy shares
Reuters Sep 9, 2014, 03.06AM IST
Tags:
Dow
(The Dow and S&P 500 ended…)
NEW YORK: The Dow and S&P 500 ended lower on Monday after a drop in energy shares, while the Nasdaq edged higher with Yahoo.
The S&P 500's decline followed a record close on Friday.
Energy led the day's decline, with the S&P energy index off 1.6 per cent. Shares of Exxon Mobil fell 1.5 per cent and Schlumberger's were down 2.1 per cent, among the biggest drags on the S&P 500.
A stronger dollar pushed dollar-denominated commodities lower. The US dollar rose to its highest in over a year, while US crude fell 0.7 per cent.
"What you have as much as anything, the market is just consolidating some recent gains," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia.
"The dollar is rallying and, as a consequence, you see the commodity complex getting clobbered. Energy is taking a blow, so that's making a dent."
Helping the Nasdaq, shares of Yahoo jumped 5.6 per cent to $41.81, their highest close since Jan. 11, 2006, in anticipation of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's initial public offering. Yahoo has a 22.4 per cent stake in Alibaba.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 25.94 points or 0.15 per cent, to 17,111.42, the S&P 500 lost 6.18 points or 0.31 per cent, to 2,001.53 and the Nasdaq Composite added 9.39 points or 0.2 per cent, to 4,592.29.
Recent market momentum has been driven by accommodative Fed policy, including bond purchases and low interest rates. Research from the San Francisco Federal Reserve indicated investors expect rates to stay low for longer than the central bank itself does.
The largest per centage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Cheetah Mobile, up 12.79 per cent, while the largest per centage decliner was Halcon Resources, down 7.58 per cent.
  Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were US-listed shares of Petrobras, down 5.31 per cent to $18.35, and Ambev SA, down 2.39 per cent to $6.95.
Besides Yahoo, Apple, down 0.6 per cent at $98.36 and Microsoft, up 1.2 per cent to $46.47 were among the most actively traded.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,876 to 1,143, for a 1.64-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,525 issues rose and 1,200 fell for a 1.27-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The broad S&P 500 index posted 45 new 52-week highs and three new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 78 new highs and 26 new lows.
About 5.2 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, near the 5.3 billion average for the last five sessions, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ready for Hillary plans strategy meeting with top national donorsBy Philip Rucker September 8 Follow @PhilipRucker
Ready for Hillary, the super PAC laying the groundwork for Hillary Rodham Clinton's potential 2016 presidential campaign, has called a meeting of its top national donors to discuss its strategy following the November midterm elections.
The super PAC has invited members of its National Finance Council to a daylong summit in New York City on Nov. 21 to a discussion of the group's next steps as it prepares for Clinton's likely entry into the presidential race.
Clinton, a former secretary of state who would be the overwhelming favorite for the Democratic nomination, has said she will make her decision about the 2016 race early next year. Meanwhile, Ready for Hillary has been building a grassroots infrastructure on her behalf and has signed up more than 2.5 million supporters.
Craig Smith, a senior adviser to Ready for Hillary and a longtime political adviser to former President Bill Clinton, invited top donors to the summit in an e-mail sent Monday night and obtained by The Washington Post.
"This meeting will be the premier opportunity to hear from those individuals who will be shaping the next few years in our Nation’s politics and a chance for Finance Council Members to come together and meet one another while we wait to hear what Hillary will decide," Smith wrote.
At least 222 donors have signed up as co-chairs of Ready for Hillary's National Finance Council — a commitment that requires donating or raising $25,000 each, according to a membership list obtained by The Post this summer. More than 600 other donors are considered members of the finance council, required to give or raise $5,000 each.
Smith invited the co-chairs to gather for a dinner on Nov. 20, the night before the broader meeting.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410221892/1410221892000/1410221892 tracking: {authors=Philip Rucker, blog_name=post-politics, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=ready-for-hillary-plans-november-strategy-meeting-with-top-national-donors, post_id=97030, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 9, 2014 12:18:12 AM close date: Sep 23, 2014 12:18:12 AM

Indian solar capacity continues to sky-rocket - - - - -$$$$$ the...401 Followers
Indian solar capacity continues to sky-rocket - - - - -$$$$$
The Indian government`s heavy investment into the sector is paying off as total capacity for commissioned projects leaps by nearly 1.8 times. - - - - -$$$$$
The Indian solar capacity continues to rocket ahead, according to figures released by the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) that show total capacity for commissioned projects at the end of March. The figures, which preclude private commissions, were released on 1 April.
The total capacity for projects commissioned under the country`s National Solar Mission had reached nearly 2632 MW by the end of the first quarter, according to the data. This was an increase of 177.8% from its year-before sum of 947.5 MW. A little over a third of the total commissioned capacity in the country at present is in the Gujarat area.
Raj Prabhu, CEO and co-founder of Mercom Capital Group, told The Hindu, “The solar market potential remains as large as ever, even in a slower-growing economy. As power shortfalls continue, peak shortage is a critical problem that has stifled industrial growth, and back-up generation is becoming increasingly expensive. The diesel price hike of 50 paise a month since January 2013 has resulted in about 15% increase in diesel prices over the last 13 months, making solar a very attractive option.”
The largest increase in capacity had taken place in Madhya Pradesh, which saw an increase of 830.3% from 37.315 MW to 347.165 MW. MNRE`s data showed a large difference between the capacities of projects built under MNRE and state-driven projects. With the former, capacity stood at 687.8 MW while the latter came in at 1322.59 MW. The largest capacity added under MNRE was in the area of Rajasthan, which saw an increase from 178.95 MW to 730.1 MW, a rise of over 300%.
The figures reflect the government`s heavy involvement in the domestic solar industry. Two weeks ago, it was reported that MNRE was discussing plans to introduce a separate policy support scheme for Public Sector Undertakings (PSUs) interested in developing their own solar PV projects.  PSUs are largely government-owned and cash-rich entities.
On the international stage, the country`s National Solar Mission hit the news recently following the US government`s lodging of a complaint with the World Trade Organisation over India`s stipulation that 950 MW of solar projects tendered under the mission must use domestically-manufactured modules. In response to the US`s complaint, the Indian Prime Minister ordered that any trade probe be blocked.
Yet despite the seemingly good news, storm clouds have appeared with The National Solar Energy Federation of India complaining about the low-quality of domestically-made products.

Interesting observationWell Friends,
I was going through the chart on mmb for RSS yesterday.
I saw that around 1.37  pm the Vol was 393,000 and price was 692...then when it went to UC, the Vol became 510515 shares , so something like 1,25,000 shares were short sold inbetween that time  before it went in for UC and that was at 1.50 pm... means in just 13 mins 1.25 lacs shares of RSS were short sold......or say the Vol went up.....Now after it went into circuit from 1.50 pm, the total Vol for the day was 515,605...means only 5000 shares were come to get sold or traded whatever....Means after going in for Circuit no one was there to sell shares because it is seen that the Vol went up fom 510,500 to just 515,605......So for me it is no surprise that huge auction is going to take place .....People just went on selling RSS lock stock and barrell.......without seeing that  RSS is coming near to UC....They just blindly shorted and I have doubt that there were some chartist or dailt tipster who must have given a call to SELL  R S Software yesterday......

Will it take another 5 years to reach 36Platinum Member
96 Followers
a co which hasn`t performed up to its potential for many yrs cannot for ever be considered a future performer! it is this expectation which has caused grief to many investors. others cos have moved up, and so they remain with the under-performers. and these continue to remain under-performers! if u see any reason for any upward potential, then kindly let the whole board know the same.
"But unfortunately it is in power sector." what do u mean by that? it`s always been in the power sector and will continue to be in the power sector! :)

Sure shweata  and it comes sooner than expected  rft deserves it espec...71 Followers
Dear Vijay my friend,
The most important thing is to ensure that we do our homework properly.. If the analysis is correct about a share then the returns will be good... Rest is all patience.. If you are convinced the story is good then nothing should deter your decision making.. For you this share has gone the full cycle so you know better about this share than anybody here.. I have seen you here since 2009 or so .. isnt it..You have waited for 5 years ..wait for few more..
The most important thing is that the CDR gets functional soon and the captive power kicks in... These two things will rerate Rohit.. Also we have not seen anything bad being done by promoters all these years..so their credibility is ok.. they alloted themselves at high price so they know the worth of their company...
Iron ore prices are falling and will continue to fall so their margins should improve going forward..If India is to transformed into a super power then it cant do without steel n cement..So dont give up.. Remember its darkest before the dawn..N the dawn is coming soon..
Regards

How The  I Love New York  Logo Went From A Scribble To An Iconic Piece Of Graphic DesignThe Happy Accident Of The 'I Love New York' Logo
Posted:
reddit
It's not easy to capture the spirit of a city like New York. Yet, that is exactly what Milton Glaser did in 1977 when he was tasked with creating a logo to help promote tourism. It may have been a mere "scribble" at the time but "I Love New York" has since become one of the most iconic pieces of graphic design.
HuffPost had the pleasure of speaking with Glaser on the happy accident of "I Love New York" and what it takes to come up with a logo that finds its way onto everything from plastic bags stuffed with take-out to T-shirts on the backs of German tourists.
Watch the interview with Milton Glaser above.
Video produced by Carina Kolodny and Amber Genuske
More:

Airtel sells 3 500 towers in Africa to Eaton TowersNew Delhi, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 8, 2014 12:37 IST
Airtel sells 3,500 towers in Africa to Eaton Towers
PTI
company information
Bharti Airtel on Monday said it has sold over 3,500 telecom towers in Africa to Eaton Towers.
As part of the deal, Airtel will sell and lease back over 3,500 towers to Eaton in 6 countries across its African operations under a 10-year contract.
The company said this agreement will allow Airtel to focus on its core business and customers, enable it to deleverage through debt reduction, and will significantly reduce its on-going capital expenditure on passive infrastructure.
The financial details of the deal, however, were not disclosed. “The agreement with Eaton Towers is an extension of this philosophy and will lead to far superior utilisation of passive infrastructure and help drive the proliferation of affordable mobile services across Africa,” Bharti Airtel International Netherlands BV Chairman Manoj Kohli said in a statement.
The deal follows Airtel’s and Eaton Towers’ strategies to drive cost efficiencies throughout the industry via the use of shared passive infrastructure.
For Eaton Towers, the acquisition is a step towards the scale needed to provide shared telecom infrastructure solutions, with its customers benefiting from lower operating costs, expanded network coverage and capacity and improved quality of service.
The agreements are subject to statutory and regulatory approvals in the respective countries, the statement added.
“This is a transformational deal which gives Eaton Towers the most diversified tower portfolio across Africa. We are proud to be chosen by Airtel as their key partner in these 6 countries,” Eaton Towers CEO Alan Harper said.

Engineers building car with 3-D printer at McCormick Place0
Machine makers get to showcase their products at IMTS, which is held every two years in Chicago. It’s like a giant showroom filled with computer-run machines, some as big as a studio apartment, that make the parts that go into cars, tractors, combines, etc.
Rick Neff, a marketing manager at Cincinnati, said the show allows the company to hear how its customers would use the technology as they continue to improve it. 
“We can sit around in our offices and imagine it,” Neff said. But, he added, getting out really allows the company to understand the market.
Cincinnati already sold one of its two machines, both prototypes, to a plastics manufacturer that Neff said wants to research how its products could be used by the technology. The idea, he added, is for the company to offer a complete library of materials once Cincinnati starts selling the machines.
As Saturday inches closer, engineers have been working around the clock to make final improvements to the machine. For example, just last week, Andrew Messing, the engineer behind the code that slices the design and tells the computer how to lay it out, wrote a piece of code that makes a part swirl to cut off the molten material from what’s already been printed. That prevented engineers from having to get in with chisels to manually cut it.
After the body of the car is printed, it will then be smoothed out on a machine that cuts the excess material. Then, it will be assembled with tires, lights, fenders, seats, etc. Other companies in the show made some of those parts via traditional manufacturing methods.
For John “Jay” Rogers, chief executive and founder of Local Motors, the challenge means a step closer to changing the automobile industry to one that is less reliant on oil. The sports car will be made in 44 hours with just 40 parts.
On Monday, the company said it will weigh about 1,200 pounds and will reach speeds of up to 50 miles per hour.
“It will change the way we move,” Rogers said.

Inconsistency a major source of worryUpdated: September 8, 2014 23:34 IST
Inconsistency a major source of worry
V. V. Subrahmanyam
PTI It will be interesting to see how Saina Nehwal fares at Incheon after her training stint with Vimal Kumar in Bangalore.
TOPICS
Summer Asian Games
Indian shuttlers have been making waves in majors like the World championship, Commonwealth Games and many Super Series events. But, when it comes to the Asian Games, it is a different proposition.
“It is as tough as any World Championship and it will be no different this time around too,” said Saina Nehwal, now training in Bangalore under Prakash Padukone and Vimal Kumar. It will be interesting to see how her chemistry with chief National coach for the Asiad, Pullela Gopi Chand, would be at Incheon!
With only the top two players from each country given entries to the Games and the draw likely to be a bit more favourable because of this, it will still be a demanding task for the Indians to change the script for a nation which has so far won only seven bronze medals in all since 1962 (when badminton was introduced).
The only singles medal for India was won by Syed Modi in 1982 when he got a bronze.
The last time India won a badminton medal at the Games was a men’s team bronze in 1986.
Of the top 10 male players in the world, seven are from Asia. Saina Nehwal (No. 7) and P.V. Sindhu (No. 10), playing in her maiden Asiad, are among the seven Asian women in the top 10.
Pullela Gopi Chand has pinned more hopes on women’s singles and doubles pair of G. Jwala and Ashwini Ponnappa.
“We are definitely confident but again you need a little bit of luck on a given day. We have the potential to be the best in the business and hope to rise to the occasion,” feels Jwala.
If the recent Commonwealth Games and the World championship performances are any indication, inconsistency is a major source of worry — as the form of the top Indians falters from brilliant to brittle in the space of few days.
For someone who was tipped to win a gold in the absence of Saina, Sindhu ended up with a bronze in the Commonwealth Games. She made amends by picking her second bronze at the Worlds even as Saina lost in the quarterfinals.
In men’s singles, the 2014 CWG gold medallist Parupalli Kashyap was a huge disappointment in the World championships.
Men's challenge
The men’s singles challenge at Incheon will be in the form of Kashyap and Kidambi Srikkanth, with the latter certainly not showing the kind of form he was expected to display after winning the 2013 Thailand Open and finishing runner-up at the 2014 India Open Grand Prix.
Statistics suggest that the big powers like China, Indonesia, South Korea, Malaysia and Japan continue to dominate with a tally of 88 gold medals in all Asian Games.
World No. 1 and 2014 World championship runner-up Lee Chong Wei should capitalise on the absence of the retired, five-time world champion Lin Dan while in women’s singles, the 2012 Olympic champion Li Xuerui and defending champion Wang Shixian would be keen to make up for the loss at the recent Worlds by clinching a gold in Incheon.
The presence of Chen Long, the new world champion in men’s section, and the 2013 world champion Ratchanok Intanon in women’s event should only serve a reminder of how tough the competition can be at the Asian Games.
Can the Indians produce the much-awaited magic at the Asian Games is the big question.

5 Tested Ways to Be Happier and More Successful at Workreddit
Like most people, I grew up believing that if I worked hard, then I'd be successful and then I'd be happy.  It was only after spending more than a decade of my career chasing the next goal, earning the next promotion, and convincing my boss I was worthy of the next pay rise, that I realized I had trapped myself on a treadmill of stress, exhaustion and discontentment.
And then I hit the wall. It was all I could do to drag myself out of bed each morning.
No wonder, given researchers in neuroscience and psychology have discovered that I had the formula for success completely backwards.  It turns out, happiness -- not hard work -- fuels our success. You see, studies are finding happier employees are more creative, more engaged, more productive and more likely to be promoted.  They're also less likely to experience symptoms of fatigue.
How does happiness produce such results?
Scientists have discovered positive emotions -- like joy, interest, awe, pride, gratitude, hope, amusement, serenity, inspiration and love -- flood our brains with dopamine and serotonin helping us to process new information, to think more quickly and creatively, to see and invent new ways of doing things and to connect better with others at work.   When our mindset and mood are positive, we're smarter, more motivated and thus more successful.
So how can you be happier at work -- no matter what your job description says, or who you're working for?
"There are five key researched habits we recommend people try practicing to improve their happiness at work," explained Michelle Gielan of Good Think Inc. when I recorded this interview with her recently.
She recommends:
Counting Gratitude - Write down three new and unique things your grateful for each day.  This will help train your brain to constantly scan your environment looking for new and good things.
Journaling - Each day spend two minutes writing down everything you can remember about the most meaningful moment you've had in the last 24 hours.  Relive this moment in detail noting down what you saw, heard and felt.  By really savoring this experience you can essentially double the number of meaningful moments in your day.
Mindful Activity - Spend 15 minutes each day exercising. Studies suggest this can be the equivalent of  taking an anti-depressant.
Commit A Conscious Act Of Kindness - Reach out to someone new and different each day in your social circle by taking two-minutes to praise or thank them by email or phone.  This activates your social network and reminds your brain of the support you have around you.  This is particularly helpful on more stressful days at work.
Attention Training - Practice taking your hands off your keyboard and for two minutes just watch your breath go in and out.  This trains your brain to have laser-like focus on one activity when you return to your work, rather than slipping into a multi-tasking mindset that wears you out and slows you down.
"Try each of these brain training approaches for positivity for at least 21 days to get started, but persist with whatever works best for you to build the neural wiring that supports these behaviors through both the good and challenging times at work," suggests Michelle. "Have patience it does take time."
Based on the results she's seen from teaching these brain-training habits in organizations around the globe and through her popular online course she observes: "When you prioritize happiness in the present moment, you see this incredible ripple effect in the future in terms of your levels of success and connectedness to others."
Since discovering happiness shaped my success at work I've prioritized the development of many of these habits in my own work over the past few years.  And while each seems so small, it's hard to imagine they could make a real difference, not only am I less stressed, more energized and far more satisfied with my life, but the success that followed at work and at home is beyond anything I dared to imagine.
It turns out that happiness is the pathway to working working smarter, rather than harder.
Could happiness unleash your potential for success?  You can discover how to create and maintain these habits in Michelle's next online course starting in September at www.goodthinkinc.com .*
(*The author has no paid affiliation with this program)
Follow Michelle McQuaid on Twitter: www.twitter.com/chellemcquaid
More:

Will Apple Finally Reveal Its Next Big ThingAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

The White House made a video of Obama’s trip abroad. I watched it -- and commented.  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410211860/1410211860000/1410211860 tracking: {authors=Chris Cillizza, blog_name=the-fix, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=the-white-house-made-a-video-of-obamas-trip-abroad-i-watched-it-and-commented, post_id=110163, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 9:31:00 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 9:31:00 PM
Comments
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410211860/1410211860000/1410211860 tracking: {authors=Chris Cillizza, blog_name=the-fix, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=the-white-house-made-a-video-of-obamas-trip-abroad-i-watched-it-and-commented, post_id=110163, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 9:31:00 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 9:31:00 PM
Show Comments

Meredith Vieira tries to do what so many can’t: Crack the code of the daytime talk showBy Emily Yahr September 8 Follow @emilyyahr
(Paul Drinkwater/NBC)
“Why am I doing this? What was I thinking?” Meredith Vieira said at the top of her new syndicated daytime talk show on Monday afternoon. She told her cheering audience it’s the most common reaction she gets ever since she announced “The Meredith Vieira Show,” a new hour-long chatfest syndicated on NBC stations.
Those are both legitimate questions, as Vieira (“The View,” “Today” show, “Who Wants to Be a Millionaire”) is trying to do what so many before her tried and failed to accomplish: Successfully host a daytime talk show.
The concept seems like a natural one for well-known stars and media personalities when they’re looking for a new project. Daytime shows can rake in millions of dollars from advertisers, and even then, it’s a relatively low-pressure environment away from the ratings demands of primetime TV. Some — but not many — go very well: Ellen DeGeneres and Steve Harvey are two rare examples of success. But as multiple high-profile flops have proven recently, it’s much tougher than it looks.
The mission: Provide some light entertainment that people (target audience: stay-at-home moms, women ages 25 to 54) can flip on for an hour during the day. Ultimately, that’s a careful balance of celebrity interviews; general human interest features; solemn news stories; silly games; cooking segments; deadly serious health topics; dating advice; and everything in between. And the host is supposed to be so wonderfully personable on camera that the audience feels like they’re a personal friend.
It’s an incredibly hard line to walk successfully. Some can make it work: Oprah Winfrey, of course, is the gold standard with her talk show that seemingly appealed to everyone and eventually transformed into a billion-dollar business empire. When she stepped down from her show in 2011 after 25 years, the market was flooded with wannabe hosts.
The promising flops came in quick succession: Anderson Cooper, Jeff Probst, Ricki Lake, Bethenny Frankel, Kris Jenner and more. Queen Latifah’s show got renewed for another season but it’s reportedly barely hanging on. However, the one series that seemed like it was destined to be a success and was a surprise failure was Katie Couric’s “Katie” — and that’s the program that has multiple parallels to Vieira’s new venture.
Couric, the well-liked “Today” co-host who had a somewhat rocky five years as “CBS Evening News” anchor, launched an afternoon show in fall 2012 to much fanfare. Her interview skills as a veteran journalist combined with her sunny personality seemed tailor-made for the daytime format, and ABC stations across the country lined up to give her Winfrey’s former time slot.
Things started off well but took a turn for the worse. According to a detailed Hollywood Reporter story , the issues really crystalized when Couric obviously preferred to cover very serious news items, favoring her “60 Minutes”-type stories to frothy Hollywood segments. That strategy worked well when she landed big interviews such as Manti Te’o and Joe Paterno’s wife, Sue; but otherwise, daytime viewers traditionally crave less intense topics.
A former “Katie” employee told the publication that Couric wasn’t a fan of the daytime TV audience, either: “She has a complete and utter disdain for the audience she needs to appeal to.” Celebrities also reportedly didn’t like that Couric would grill them on their personal lives when they were there to just plug their latest project.
Though producers told THR that Couric worked to find a better balance of “a mix of serious journalism, celebrities and human-interest segments,” the ratings weren’t enough to justify nervous station managers across the country: The show was canceled after its second season.
Vieira’s first show on Monday mirrored Couric’s first show to a remarkable degree — she kept it very carefree, as producers and station executives hope that her warm, friendly persona will immediately connect with viewers.  If anything, it was even breezier than Couric’s debut. Vieira wore jeans and a blazer and sat comfortably in a living room set that mirrors her own design at home. She told many stories about her husband and three kids, who were in studio. Her daughter confirmed that Vieira, 60, is a classic overbearing mom who will call her kids dozens of times and assume they’re dead if they don’t pick up on the first ring.
Jennifer Lopez and Meredith Vieira (Paul Zimmerman/NBC Universal)
The “let’s humanize celebrities!” theme materialized with a Jennifer Lopez interview, as Vieira sat down with the “American Idol” judge and bantered about everything from her career to kids. Vieira asked if Lopez ever has “unsexy” moments, even though she’s one of the most beautiful women on earth. Lopez, the mom of twin six-year-olds, confirmed that it does happen.
“Nobody’s perfect all the time,” Lopez said, adding that she wakes up in the morning sometimes and says, “Oh my God, pull it together, Lopez.” (This rang very similar to Couric’s first show , when she interviewed Jessica Simpson about her battle with weight loss.)
The show really became the “Embarrassing Mom Hour” when Vieira, Lopez and “Today” host Hoda Kotb all got in a fake car together to sing karaoke. There was also a game called “Touchy Feely” where people from the audience tried to identify objects while blindfolded. It was topped off with a segment on a dance company that features young kids who have physical disabilities and helps them learn to dance — obviously, the adorable young dancers performed.
It was also generally unfocused — not surprising, as a daytime show has to be so many things at once. Vieira’s executive producer Rich Sirop told the New York Post that they watched their timeslot competitors that have done very well to get ideas: “We’re also talking about other [talk] shows and watching ‘Steve Harvey’ and ‘Ellen’ to see what’s working on those shows,” Sirop said. “And we’re watching a lot of other shows to see what’s not working — and how we would do it differently.”
Among the canceled shows, ratings was always the culprit, as the landscape just became too crowded: Anderson Cooper, who squeezed his talk show in between his CNN and “60 Minutes” gigs, revamped the show in its second season (even switching to a live audience), but it failed to impress. Kris Jenner (“Keeping Up with the Kardashians”) and Bethenny Frankel (“Real Housewives of New York City”) couldn’t translate big numbers from their respective reality shows into daytime viewers.
From the outset, there’s nothing so far on “The Meredith Vieira Show” that would appear to set it apart from the others (the premiere was equal amount heartfelt and goofy), so there’s no telling how things will play out — particularly since it seems so similar to the many that haven’t caught on. But Vieira cheerfully told the crowd that she wanted to do a talk show because she missed connecting with viewers on a daily basis, and is eager to continue telling stories on TV after 40 years in the business.
“If I do this right,” she said. “I hope to make a little difference in everyone’s life and have a lot of fun doing it.”
Emily Yahr is an entertainment reporter and pop culture blogger for the Style section. She joined the Post in May 2008, a week before she graduated from the University of Maryland, and worked on Lisa de Moraes' TV Column and blog.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410213717/1410213717000/1410213717 tracking: {authors=Emily Yahr, blog_name=style-blog, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=meredith-vieira-tries-to-do-what-so-many-cant-crack-the-code-of-the-daytime-talk-show, post_id=33267, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 10:01:57 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 10:01:57 PM

Lanka ready to steal a march over Keralas R22 000-crore tourism industrySri Lanka ready to steal a march over Kerala's Rs 22,000-crore tourism industry
M Sarita Varma | Thiruvananthapuram | Updated:  Sep 09 2014, 11:05  IST
Sep 09 2014, 11:05  IST
 

Modi to visit White House on Sept 29-30: US official | Sushma talks tough on Pak  USBarack Obama
(The meeting will mark Modi's first…)
WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama will meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the White House on September 29 and 30 during which the two leaders would discuss a wide range of bilateral and strategic issues including economic growth, a presidential spokesperson said today.
"President Obama looks forward to welcoming Prime Minister Narendra Modi of India to the White House on September 29-30," White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said.
Obama looks forward to working with Modi to fulfill the promise of the US-India strategic partnership for the benefit of both our citizens and the world, he added.
The meeting will mark Modi's first visit to the US since his party swept to victory in general elections.
"The two leaders will discuss a range of issues of mutual interest in order to expand and deepen the US-India strategic partnership," he said.
"They will discuss ways to accelerate economic growth, bolster security cooperation, and collaborate in activities that bring long-term benefits to both countries and the world," Earnest said.
"They will also focus on regional issues, including current developments in Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq, where India and the United States can work together with partners towards a positive outcome," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold hovers near 3-month low  dollar strength weighsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Dollar jumps on yen  gives Japanese stocks a liftThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Dow  S&P 500 end lower after drop in energy sharesYou are here: Home > Collections > Yahoo
Dow, S&P 500 end lower following drop in energy shares
Reuters Sep 9, 2014, 03.06AM IST
Tags:
Dow
(The Dow and S&P 500 ended…)
NEW YORK: The Dow and S&P 500 ended lower on Monday after a drop in energy shares, while the Nasdaq edged higher with Yahoo.
The S&P 500's decline followed a record close on Friday.
Energy led the day's decline, with the S&P energy index off 1.6 per cent. Shares of Exxon Mobil fell 1.5 per cent and Schlumberger's were down 2.1 per cent, among the biggest drags on the S&P 500.
A stronger dollar pushed dollar-denominated commodities lower. The US dollar rose to its highest in over a year, while US crude fell 0.7 per cent.
"What you have as much as anything, the market is just consolidating some recent gains," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia.
"The dollar is rallying and, as a consequence, you see the commodity complex getting clobbered. Energy is taking a blow, so that's making a dent."
Helping the Nasdaq, shares of Yahoo jumped 5.6 per cent to $41.81, their highest close since Jan. 11, 2006, in anticipation of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's initial public offering. Yahoo has a 22.4 per cent stake in Alibaba.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 25.94 points or 0.15 per cent, to 17,111.42, the S&P 500 lost 6.18 points or 0.31 per cent, to 2,001.53 and the Nasdaq Composite added 9.39 points or 0.2 per cent, to 4,592.29.
Recent market momentum has been driven by accommodative Fed policy, including bond purchases and low interest rates. Research from the San Francisco Federal Reserve indicated investors expect rates to stay low for longer than the central bank itself does.
The largest per centage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Cheetah Mobile, up 12.79 per cent, while the largest per centage decliner was Halcon Resources, down 7.58 per cent.
  Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were US-listed shares of Petrobras, down 5.31 per cent to $18.35, and Ambev SA, down 2.39 per cent to $6.95.
Besides Yahoo, Apple, down 0.6 per cent at $98.36 and Microsoft, up 1.2 per cent to $46.47 were among the most actively traded.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,876 to 1,143, for a 1.64-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,525 issues rose and 1,200 fell for a 1.27-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The broad S&P 500 index posted 45 new 52-week highs and three new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 78 new highs and 26 new lows.
About 5.2 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, near the 5.3 billion average for the last five sessions, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Data Center Infrastructure Support Services Market in MENA Region 2014-2018Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sureshot$-buy gulf oil corp@172 sl 169 tgt 180 !!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Goi has initiated many steps to ensure 24*7 power supply. but until t...Silver Member
7 Followers
goi has initiated many steps to ensure 24*7 power supply.  but until they start taking firm steps against poor quality usage of transformers. all this transformers Co. will not fetch attention.
7.29 AM Sep 9th  | Track

This stock has to reach 45 to 50 levels wCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Balu mere bhai.. ahmedavadi kabhi juth nahi bolte..aaj se downtrend ch...New Member
4 Followers
The affidavit filed by the Ministry of Coal incorporated the statements made by the Attorney General Mukul Rohtagi on September 1 that the Centre has "no objection" to the cancellation of allocations declared as illegal by the apex court and was also not insisting on any particular course of action.
In reply to : ahemdavadi message
7.42 PM Sep 8th

StanLife shareholders in line for cashSeptember 5, 2014 5:51 pm
Standard Life shareholders in line for cash
By Jonathan Eley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b27af83e-34ea-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nokia to Bring 4G  3G Mobile Phones at Lower PricesYou are here: Home Corporates
Nokia to Bring 4G, 3G Mobile Phones at Lower Prices
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 07, 2014 18:42 (IST)
Trump Entertainment Files for Bankruptcy, May Close Taj Mahal Casino
Berlin: Nokia has indicated to lower prices of 4G and 3G mobile phones in India to leverage operators' plans to launch high speed 4G services and boost its market share in the country.
"We want to continue to push point lower and lower than anything we have today. That's the statement for both 3G and LTE (4G) because that is the thing which gives us scale of the ecosystem," Microsoft's mobile devices sales, corporate vice president Chris Weber told PTI.
Microsoft has acquired Nokia's mobile phone business.
Nokia, once a global leader in mobile phone market, has been relegated to third position in India due to growing popularity of Android based smartphones and increased competition from Korean giant Samsung and domestic mobile vendors.
Nokia's cheapest 4G phone Lumia 635 is priced at around Rs 11,300 before taxes but it is not available in India.
"We are also trying to push price point even lower on LTE devices like 635 to take advantage of that (Indian telecom operators plan to launch 4G services) opportunity. The goal is to make sure that we have a full portfolio that plays into that opportunity," Mr Weber said.
The company has plans to launch its latest 4G enabled phone Lumia 830 priced at around Rs 26,000 before taxes by October, as per sources.
Microsoft Devices also unveiled another 4G enabled handset Lumia 735 priced at around Rs 17,500 but sources were not sure about company's plan to launch this model in India.
Many telecom operators have not rolled out 4G network in the country due to shortage of affordable 4G devices, among other reasons.
Consumers may get about 10-12 times more Internet speed on mobile phones in 4G compared to average speed they get in 3G services.
Reliance Jio Infocomm holds pan India broadband wireless spectrum, which can be used for 4G services. The company has announced its plan to launch the latest telecom service in 2015.
Other holders of this spectrum include Tikona Digital and Augere, who are yet to start their services. Aircel has announced launch of its 4G service in 6 service areas against eight circles where it holds BWA spectrum.
Airtel, Reliance Jio, Vodafone and Idea have plans to provide 4G services in the 1800 Mhz band, which has been used so far for providing 2G services.
Mr Weber said that Microsoft Devices has been discussing with Indian telecom operators for partnership.
"We have lot of conversations going on with operators but specifically we are very bullish on LTE opportunity in India. Our conversation had been quite productive," Weber said.
As per market research firm International Data Corporation (IDC), Nokia was the third largest player second quarter of 2014 in Indian mobile phone market with 10 per cent share. Samsung topped the chart with 17 per cent and closely followed by Indian brand Micromax with 14 per cent share.
Story first published on: September 07, 2014 18:41 (IST)

Alibaba Who US Retail Investors Not That InterestedYou are here: Home Corporates
Alibaba Who? US Retail Investors Not That Interested
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 07, 2014 18:58 (IST)
Trump Entertainment Files for Bankruptcy, May Close Taj Mahal Casino
When Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding revealed plans earlier this year to go public on a US stock exchange, financial advisers like Bob Mecca in Hoffman Estate, Illinois braced themselves for a wave of frantic calls from retail investors wanting to get in on the action
Alibaba, which sells more than Amazon.com Inc and EBay Inc combined, could raise over $21 billion in its IPO. It is often described as technology's hottest initial public offering since Facebook Inc's 2012 debut, although initial pricing announced on Friday was less than many predicted.
Retail investors generally get only 10-20 per cent of shares in big IPOs, and several advisers told Reuters they had expected a scramble from clients. But the phone has not been ringing off the hook.
"People are on Facebook, they know it, but no one has ever heard of Alibaba," said Mecca, who has $175 million in assets under management.
The number of client inquiries about the Alibaba IPO is around a quarter of what it was for Facebook at this stage of the process and about half of what it was for Twitter Inc, said Steve Quirk, senior vice president of the group serving active traders at discount broker TD Ameritrade Holding Corp.
Robert Christie, a spokesman for Alibaba, declined to comment, citing the company's pre-IPO quiet period.
Alibaba's decision to price its shares between $60 and $66 per American Depository Share is an indication that the company may not be too concerned about having a big US retail investor base, since retail investors prefer stocks that cost much less per share. Alibaba could have raised the same amount of money by selling more shares at a lower price.
One consequence of retail investors sitting out the debut could be a muted first day of trade, rather than the "pop" many expect from a tech IPO.
"Because it is such a large deal and you aren't going to see a lot of retail investor interest, I do not think it's going to have a lot of momentum when it gets out of the gate," said Tom Taulli, an independent IPO expert.
Longer term, tepid US retail interest could be a drawback for Alibaba. Individuals tend to hold stocks longer, providing stability to the share price, and they help diversify the shareholder base. Having too much concentration among a small number of institutional investors, for example, could make the company vulnerable to attacks by activists, IPO experts said.
"I think a strong retail base is much better for Alibaba," said Josef Schuster, founder of Chicago-based IPOX Schuster LLC, which helps create index funds for IPOs.
Still, retail interest could ramp up. Bargain hunters could take note of the lower-than-expected initial price and the company's pre-IPO roadshow, to promote the offering to fund managers, could spark wider interest.
The roadshow kicks off on Monday in New York and is expected to reach around the globe to London and Hong Kong. That will provide stronger evidence of institutional investor interest and indicate whether shares are likely to be priced in the initial range. Industry analysts had expected Alibaba to lock down a valuation of more than $200 billion, but the high end of the initial range would put it about $163 billion.
Other Ways In
Alibaba has some major, publicly traded investors, which give Alibaba fans other ways to get into the stock early. One UBS AG adviser said that some retail clients expecting to get shut out of the IPO have opted to buy shares of Japan's Softbank Corp, which has a 34.1 per cent stake in Alibaba going into the IPO.
For the same reason, James Gambaccini, a Fairfax, Virginia-based independent financial adviser, said he has a few clients that have opted to invest in Yahoo Inc, which has a 22.4 per cent stake in Alibaba. Softbank's and Yahoo's stakes will shrink from dilution in the IPO, and Yahoo will sell some shares, but both will remain major Alibaba shareholders.
But for the most part, Gambaccini said the demand for Alibaba shares has been lackluster, partially because many people have not heard of the company and some who know about it were wary of China, concerned by the potential for government interference, for example.
Alan Haft, a Newport, California-based adviser, has been trying to interest clients in Alibaba for months. But he said it has been an uphill battle.
"It's clear to me that most people know very little about this company and just how enormous the IPO is likely going to be as well as how impactful this company is," Haft said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Businesses paying employees to lose weightComments
By Aaron Gregg September 7
Wellness programs have slowly gained traction with large employers over the past decade, as businesses find that healthier employees are cheaper to insure.
Initially, these programs had little impact on an employee’s finances: A company might sponsor a weight loss seminar or offer a $20 gift card for filling out a health questionnaire.
But new employer surveys suggest businesses are moving toward giving direct cash rewards for making improvements to specific health outcomes, such as body fat or cholesterol — and testing employees regularly to monitor improvements.
Forty-eight percent of employers surveyed by Towers Watson in 2014 said they are considering such measures, compared with 14 percent in the same survey four years ago.
The results can influence how much a person pays for health care. Under many programs, a third party might be hired to regularly test participating employees on metrics such as body fat, cholesterol, blood pressure and a range of other health measures deemed to be reasonably within an employee’s power to change.
When the lab results come back, a private health coach or service communicates the information to the employee and assigns a health score that determines an employee’s reward. The employer never sees the test results and doesn’t know which employees have been rewarded or penalized; they just see the aggregate numbers.
By law, these incentives cannot be more than 30 percent of an employee’s premium, potentially forming a sizeable chunk of a given employee’s paycheck (or 50 percent for anti-smoking programs). This limit increased from 20 percent this past January because of a little-known provision in the Affordable Care Act.
Researchers at Towers Watson said employers are embracing cash incentives tied to health tests because they think they will be better motivators than the “participation-based” programs used in the past. For example, increasing a smoker’s monthly premium might be more effective for getting them to quit than offering a seminar on tobacco addiction.
“We are seeing more and more employers intrigued by this approach because they have not been able to get results from a purely participation-based incentive,” said Randy Abbott, a senior researcher in charge of the employer survey at Towers Watson.
There has been some pushback. One program at Penn State University would have docked employees’ pay by $100 each month for refusing to take an online questionnaire and submit to a series of biometric tests, but university executives canceled the program after Rep. Louise Slaughter, a Democrat from New York, responded to public uproar by asking the federal Employee Equal Opportunity Commission to investigate the matter.
In other cases, employees welcome the incentives, treating the extra cash as a better reason to keep a New Year’s resolution.
“We find that many employees are actually very happy that employers are offering these things,” said LuAnn Heinen, vice president of the National Business Group on Health.
Related:

European Market Hopefuls Face Harder Sell as Investors Weary of IPO FloodYou are here: Home Ipo
European Market Hopefuls Face Harder Sell as Investors Weary of IPO Flood
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 08:31 (IST)
Snowman IPO Elicits Robust Response; Oversubscribed 60 Times
London:
European stock market listings are kicking off again after a summer break, but many companies hoping to copy successful flotations earlier in the year now have to convince investors weary from a flood of new names and burned by high prices.
Enthusiasm for initial public offerings (IPOs) has quadrupled the amount raised in Europe in the first nine months of this year compared to a year earlier to a total of $55.5 billion.
But the sheer number of deals is starting to put fund managers off and prompt fears among bankers that some of their IPO clients will get lost in the noise, with investors simply not able to schedule time to listen to them all.
Alastair Gunn at Jupiter Asset Management is already suffering from the deluge.
"I'm starting to get a regular stream of stuff coming through the mail," Gunn, co-manager of Jupiter's distribution and high income funds, told Reuters.
"When we invest in anything we want to do the legwork, meet the management, understand the business model. But the kind of sausage factory environment we've been in is not very conducive to doing your homework."
Craig Coben, co-head of Global Equity Capital Markets (ECM) at BoA Merrill Lynch sees the problem too.
"With so many IPOs in the pipeline, there is a risk of market indigestion, with the weaker companies and more marginal names finding a less receptive hearing," said Coben.
"One of the practical challenges will be to carve out the time in investors' diaries and ensure they can devote the necessary time to analyse and model all of these IPOs."
Top Dollar
In particular, companies set up with private equity are keen to capitalise on current strong valuations to return money to their founders.
Private equity-backed IPOs have accounted for one-fifth of the total so far this year, the highest proportion since at least 1994, according to Thomson Reuters data, with Carlyle's UK car services firm RAC, BC Partners' Italian retail chain Gruppo Coin's subsidiary OVS and Lone Star's German property business TLG among those being lined up to float in the coming months.
But their emphasis on securing high prices at listing is starting to put off the new investors they need to woo.
Some investors complain that advisers' strategy of targeting short-term US hedge funds prepared to pay top dollar has in particular forced up the valuation of companies - especially those with a smaller international presence which underperform in the markets once shorter-term funds have moved on.
UK retailer Poundland and Swedish cable operator Com Hem are just some that are now trading below their issue price, making fund managers worry about getting burned by similar patterns in future deals.
"When so many deals start going to discount it's a signal to the investment bankers that they got it wrong. And I do think they have got it wrong," said Gunn.
In an August email to bankers, investment firm BlackRock complained to bankers about newly-floated companies missing their first public results forecasts and the stock plummeting subsequently. The email named firms including online travel agency eDreams and Spanish testing business Applus.
"The street should have been more prudent in its forecasts. Some investors have been saying, 'I wish you guys had priced these things a bit better for us,'" said one equity capital markets banker who declined to be named because of the sensitivity around pricing.
Squeezed Returns
Paradoxically the same calm market conditions that are encouraging so many IPOs are also making them difficult to support as fund managers struggle to make returns.
Low volatility may boost listing prices, but it also makes it hard for fund managers to justify buying into new companies when it's hard enough to make gains on tried-and-tested ones.
Even short-term investors have struggled. Hedge funds betting on rises and falls in the equity capital markets have made returns of just 0.8 per cent in 2014 so far, according to the Eurekahedge Europe Long Short Equities Index, against a rise of 6.4 per cent in the FTSEurofirst 300 Index.
With this in mind, advisers predict that investors will become more selective as they try to improve their returns in what's left of the year - and that they will be looking for more competitive pricing from stock market-bound companies.
"A lot of the hedge funds have been working their butts off and they're sitting there with gains of less than 2 per cent," the banker said.
"I think investors are going to be very demanding, because they need to be.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

State Support For Job Cuts Boosts Prospects of Malaysia Airlines PlanYou are here: Home Corporates
State Support For Job Cuts Boosts Prospects of Latest Malaysia Airlines Plan
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 09:13 (IST)
Trump Entertainment Files for Bankruptcy, May Close Taj Mahal Casino
Singapore:
The plan to save Malaysia Airlines (MAS) could succeed where past endeavours have failed because the government has finally put politics aside by agreeing to sweeping job cuts, people briefed on the restructuring told Reuters.
The job cuts - if they are followed through - would mark a departure from previous attempts to restructure the loss-making airline, which has for years operated with bloated staff numbers amid political pressure from unions.
Under the radical $1.9 billion overhaul unveiled last week, MAS said it would shed nearly a third of its 20,000 workforce after the airline was broadsided by two jet disasters this year.
Flight MH370 remains missing since it disappeared en route to Beijing in March and MH17 was shot down over Ukraine in July.
"Unfortunately, it took two crashes to make the government realise that sweeping changes were needed at MAS," said one of the people. "With the job cuts, MAS finally has a plan that has a chance of succeeding."
Both the sources declined to be identified as they were not authorised to speak to the media.
It is not the first time that MAS has announced a big job cull. In 2006, as then chief executive Idris Jala returned MAS to profitability by cutting costs, the airline announced that 6,500 jobs would go.
But those cuts were never implemented in full, partly due to opposition from the main labor union, which has close ties to the ruling United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), the party of Prime Minister Najib Razak.
UMNO often uses state firms like MAS as a tool to reinforce affirmative action policies favouring majority ethnic Malays over other races, a strategy that has helped keep it in power.
MAS has failed to turn a profit since 2010. One of the sources said that the union's ties to UMNO turned job cuts into an "unsurmountable political decision".
"The management were frustrated. They could not do anything," he added. "After MH370 and MH17, and with Khazanah planning to spend six billion ringgit of taxpayer money, the mandate is there."
The leader of the biggest MAS union declined to comment in detail on the latest plans for job cuts.
State investment fund Khazanah Nasional Bhd, the majority shareholder in MAS, is spearheading the restructuring, which will also see the airline delisted from the local exchange by the end of the year.
Khazanah said it would invest in "re-skilling" those who lose jobs and pledged to set up a panel to improve often rocky relations between unions and management.
Higher Fares, Smaller Company
While a leaner workforce is key to turning the airline around, Khazanah has said the success of the restructuring plan also hinges on several other factors, including reducing MAS' network and fleet, and improving fare pricing.
The sources said MAS was likely to replace its ageing, fuel-guzzling fleet of Boeing 777 with newer Airbus A330s and the A350s to maintain medium-haul services, particularly within Asia.
The airline could also sell its six Airbus A380s, which it uses on services to London, Paris and Sydney, to stem the losses it makes on operating these jumbo jets.
"If they keep the six A380s, then I'm convinced they will never make money. In my view, that's the single biggest obstacle for them to make the yields positive," said Shukor Yusof, an analyst at Malaysia-based aviation consultancy Endau Analytics.
MAS is also expected to increase aircraft utilisation rates and staff productivity, which would help boost revenue while keeping a lid on costs, under Khazanah's plan.
Khazanah wants MAS' cost per average seat kilometre (CASK), an industry metric for cost efficiency, to be within 15 per cent of low-cost carriers, on par with Gulf airlines like Emirates, and below regional competitors like Singapore Airlines Ltd and Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd.
Another way to boost revenue would be to stop dumping fares in the market, the sources said. MAS has recently adopted a strategy of pricing fares way below their competitors to increase passenger numbers at the expense of profitability.
One of the sources, however, said MAS has to be careful about raising fares too fast.
"Yes, MAS needs help and a lot of work. It will lose any remaining competitive advantage very quickly if the change happens too quickly," he added.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

General Motors to Offer Connected Car  Automated Driving Technology in 2016You are here: Home Corporates
GM to Offer Connected Car, Automated Driving Technology in 2016
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 09:28 (IST)
Trump Entertainment Files for Bankruptcy, May Close Taj Mahal Casino
Detroit: General Motors Co will introduce in two years its first car that can communicate with other vehicles to help avoid accidents and ease traffic congestion, chief executive Mary Barra said on Sunday.
In the same time frame, GM also will introduce more advanced technology allowing hands-free driving in some cases, she said.
"I'm convinced customers will embrace (vehicle-to-vehicle) and automated driving technologies for one simple reason: they are the answer to everyday problems that people want solved," she said in a text of a speech delivered at a conference here.
Auto companies, academics and government agencies globally are working to develop cameras, sensors, radar and other technologies that allow vehicles and surrounding infrastructure like stoplights to alert each other about nearby driving conditions.
The industry is rolling out such features as adaptive cruise control, crash-imminent braking and semi-automated, hands-free driving like GM's 'Super Cruise' feature to make roads safer.
However, GM and other automakers have emphasized that even with hands-free driving, drivers will be responsible and need to maintain attention on the road. Meanwhile, Internet search company Google Inc is working to develop fully autonomous vehicles.
The US Department of Transportation has made developing connected car technologies a high priority, a view shared in Japan and Europe. And when cars can also talk to surrounding infrastructure, the gains will be exponential, Barra said.
However, she said commercializing a fully automated vehicle may take until the next decade.
Congestion causes urban Americans to travel 5.5 billion more hours and purchase an extra 2.9 billion gallons of fuel each year, she said, citing outside data.
In 2016, GM will sell a 2017 model Cadillac CTS sedan standardly equipped with vehicle-to-vehicle technology. However, the car can only communicate with similarly equipped vehicles and it will take time for the industry to introduce the technology broadly, GM officials said before Barra's speech.
They added that US regulators still need to finalize requirements for these technologies and cyber security protections need to be developed.
Also in 2016, GM will roll out Super Cruise as an option allowing hands-free highway driving at both highway and stop-and-go speeds, as well as lane following, speed control and braking in a new, unidentified 2017 Cadillac model in a segment where the company does not currently compete.
GM did not disclose either feature's cost, or timing on offering them on the No. 1 US automaker's other brands.
GM will introduce the connected CTS sedan and the unnamed Cadillac with the Super Cruise feature in the United States.
In 1956, GM showed the Pontiac Firebird II concept that included a system to work with an electrical wire embedded in the highway to guide the car. Three years later, the rocket-like Cadillac Cyclone concept boasted an autopilot system that steered the car, and radar in front nose cones that warned of a collision and automatically applied the brakes.
Barra said the US Congress can help develop vehicle-to-infrastructure communication with funding in the next federal transportation bill.
She also said GM is joining the University of Michigan and the state of Michigan to develop vehicle-to-infrastructure driving corridors on 120 miles (193 km) of metro Detroit roadways. State officials said Ford Motor Co is also part of the effort.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Messaging App WeChat Helps Apple Rack Up Bonus Points in ChinaYou are here: Home Corporates
WeChat Helps Apple Rack Up Bonus Points in China
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 09:47 (IST)
Beijing:
Apple Inc has a lot for which to thank people like Deng.
A Beijing-based quality analyst, she gave only her surname as she's embarrassed by how much money she spends playing mobile games on WeChat, a hugely popular messaging app developed by Chinese internet giant Tencent Holdings Ltd.
"The most expensive time was when I spent 68 yuan ($11.08) on a leopard on Tiantiankupao," said Deng, an avid iPhone user, referring to Tencent's hit game - called Timi Run Everyday in English - where characters run through obstacle courses. Having a leopard as a pet gives the characters extra power, helping players beat their friends.
Deng and tens of millions like her have made China Apple's third-largest market for software sales, and a huge chunk of that comes through WeChat. Known locally as Weixin, WeChat had 438 million monthly active users globally, mostly in China, at the end of June, and has rapidly evolved from a messaging tool into a digital Swiss Army knife, allowing users to send messages, play games, book taxis and shop online.
The app has proved a winning formula in getting people in China, a market notorious for not paying for software, to connect their bank accounts with their phones and pay for virtual goods like extra lives and power-ups in mobile games.
Apple takes a 30 per cent cut on all sales.
"We're seeing some substantial strength there," Apple CEO Tim Cook said of China in a July earnings call. "The thing that's actually growing the most is the iTunes, Software and Services category, which has the App Store in it. That area is almost doubling year over year."
Apple's Greater China revenues, which include Hong Kong and Taiwan, soared 28 per cent in April-June from a year earlier to $5.9 billion, and globally, iTunes, Software and Services sales were the company's second-fastest growing product category, up 12 per cent year-on-year to $4.5 billion.
Tencent was the top game publisher for Apple's iOS operating system in China by revenue for both June and July, according to App Annie, a company that measures app usage. Apple is this week expected to launch its new iPhone - with a gamer-friendly larger screen.
"A Very Virtuous Cycle"
Apple makes all software sales on the iPhone go through its App Store. Typically, the Cupertino, California-based company will take its 30 per cent of the sales, while the rest goes to an app's developer or publisher.
WeChat, which itself hosts apps and games made by other developers, is no different. The cash from any products sold on the app are split between Apple, Tencent and the developer.
"By far the biggest factor driving App Store revenue in China is WeChat," said Ben Thompson, who writes about technology at stratechery.com. "WeChat has driven app download and usage, which drives people to want to buy stuff, which drives them to connect their payment information. It's been a very virtuous cycle."
Growth has also been helped by increased smartphone sales since China Mobile, the country's largest carrier, began offering the iPhone in January.
A big part of WeChat's success has been with casual games - highly addictive hits like Candy Crush Saga and Temple Run that are often free to download but let users pay for in-game upgrades. WeChat has its own stable of games, and also publishes Candy Crush in China.
Games integrated with WeChat and Tencent's other mobile social network, Mobile QQ, generated revenues of 3 billion yuan ($489 million) for Tencent in April-June, up from around 1.8 billion yuan in January-March.
"If you look at who's playing Temple Run and Candy Crush, a lot of these were non-gamers five years ago," said Junde Yu, App Annie's vice president of Asia Pacific. "With the advent of smartphones, the ease of use, they started to download apps, and because they're very casual and fun they start playing games. It hooks them and encourages them to start making payments."
Repeat Purchases
China is unique in another way that helps push up spending on smartphones.
Both Apple and Tencent have tried to drive the adoption of mobile payments on their platforms, but China's banking payment system is complex at best, and makes it difficult to carry out any kind of online payment with ease.
Apple uses a top-up system for its App Store in China, with a 50 yuan ($8.15) minimum value, said Yu - for those using China's national bank card payment network rather than international credit cards. "This leads to a lot of repeat purchases as people aren't likely to spend 50 yuan on one purchase," Yu said. "After the first time, they won't stop but will keep purchasing and playing games."
iPhone users themselves are a big draw for app developers, and some value them more highly than people using smartphones operating on Google Inc's Android system.
"I'd pay six times the price for an iOS user compared to Android," said Peng Tao, chief executive of breadtrip, a Beijing-based travel app. Part of the reason, in China at least, is that Android's Google Play app store isn't accessible, so dozens of smaller, less curated app stores have sprung up.
"On the iOS App Store front page apps are chosen by merit, whereas in China for Android they're chosen by who pays," said Peng. "Android users just like to download things, no matter the need. They see it's free and download it, so they shift apps quickly - download and delete, download and delete."
Uneasy Allies?
For Apple, though, WeChat may turn out to be a Trojan horse.
While the US company is earning good money through WeChat's success, there is some concern that Tencent may want Apple to see less of that.
"WeChat made the market, Apple didn't, and it's becoming so powerful on mobile in China that, broadly speaking, it's a threat to Apple," said stratechery.com's Thompson. "If Tencent want to flex their muscles and keep more of that revenue, I could certainly see them leaning on the government to help them and keep a bigger percentage of the sales they're driving."
China's ruling Communist Party is no stranger to heavy-handed regulation. Last week, a US business lobby said foreign companies are increasingly concerned they are being targeted by Chinese regulators, charges the regulators deny.
Apple itself has repeatedly come under fire from Chinese state media - more frequently since former US National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden's revelations about US government cyber-espionage conducted through private companies including Apple, Google and Microsoft Corp.
In July, China's state broadcaster branded the iPhone a national security threat because of its ability to track and time-stamp user locations, and government mouthpieces have called for 'severe punishment', accusing Apple of providing user data to US intelligence agencies.
Some of WeChat's rivals in messaging apps have also fallen by the wayside in China because of the government.
Chinese authorities said in August they blocked South Korean firm Kakao Corp's KakaoTalk and Naver Corp's Line as part of efforts to fight terrorism, according to the Korean government, explaining service disruptions in China that had begun a month earlier.
"The biggest danger for Apple in China is always the uncertain regulatory environment," said stratechery.com's Thompson. "It's very plausible to see the government moving against Apple's App Store policy."
(1 US dollar = 6.1373 Chinese yuan)
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 09:44 (IST)

Japan GDP fall revised down to 7.1%September 8, 2014 5:16 am
Japan GDP revision raises further doubts on second sales tax rise
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4378be70-3707-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japanese economy flounders after VAT riseAugust 29, 2014 5:43 am
Japanese economy flounders after sales tax rise
By Jonathan Soble in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a0a023c0-2f2f-11e4-a054-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan capex data underscore GDP slideSeptember 1, 2014 10:39 am
Japan capex data underscore GDP slide
By Jonathan Soble in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d1b49140-31b3-11e4-a19b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New order: Punj Llyod upSep 08, 2014, 10.31 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Punj Lloyd up 10% on order from PRPC Refinery in Malaysia
The diversified EPC giant announced winning the mega Rs 3,515 crore (USD 581 million) RAPID Tank Farm order from PRPC Refinery and Cracker Sdn. Bhd, a subsidiary under the Petroliam Nasional Berhad (Petronas) group, Malaysia's national energy company, said the company in its filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Punj Lloyd up 10% on order from PRPC Refinery in Malaysia
The diversified EPC giant announced winning the mega Rs 3,515 crore (USD 581 million) RAPID Tank Farm order from PRPC Refinery and Cracker Sdn. Bhd, a subsidiary under the Petroliam Nasional Berhad (Petronas) group, Malaysia's national energy company, said the company in its filing.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Punj Lloyd are locked at 10 percent upper circuit on Monday on bagging big RAPID Tank Farm order in Malaysia.
The diversified EPC giant announced winning the mega Rs 3,515 crore (USD 581 million) RAPID Tank Farm order from PRPC Refinery and Cracker Sdn. Bhd, a subsidiary under the Petroliam Nasional Berhad (Petronas) group, Malaysia's national energy company, said the company in its filing.
The Tank Farm is part of Petronas's Refinery and Petrochemical Integrated Development (RAPID) project (developed within a 6242-acre site) in Pengerang, Johor, Malaysia.
"We should be able to complete the order over next 2.5-3 years," JP Chalasani, managing director and group CEO.
He added that the company targets to bring debt down by 35-40 percent by FY15-end while in October, the sale of non-core assets will bring debt down by Rs 1,000 crore. The company has Rs 6,500 crore of debt on balance sheet while total claims on paper stand at Rs 10,000 crore.
PIC forms part of the Johor State's Pengerang Intergrated Petroleum Complex (PIPC), which is under Malaysia's Economic Transformation Programme (ETP) to establish new engines of growth of Malaysia.
With this win, Punj Lloyd Group's order book backlog reaches Rs 24,679 crore.
At 10:00 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 40.60, up Rs 3.65, or 9.88 percent on the BSE. There were pending buy orders of 186,003 shares, with no sellers available.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Malaysia Airlines to get Khazanahs $2bnAugust 29, 2014 11:07 am
Khazanah to pour $2bn into reviving Malaysia Airlines
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1b246ca8-2f50-11e4-a79c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Malaysia Airlines cleared for big revampLast updated: August 28, 2014 12:59 pm
Malaysia Airlines cleared for radical restructuring
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6d0b6c6c-2e68-11e4-b330-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Spiritual spruce-up for Thai PM’s compoundSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Cipla in Commercial Tie-Up With UK s S&D PharmaApple to Charge Banks in New Payment System: Report
New Delhi:
Pharmaceutical firm Cipla today announced commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
In a BSE filing, Cipla said this collaboration will enable it to focus on its core therapy areas, while S&D Pharma will be the key partner for generics.
Under the collaboration, Cipla will be drive its respiratory product portfolio in both Czech Republic and Slovakia through a Cipla owned sales force team, managed by Cipla commercial head, the company said in a statement.
S&D Pharma will physically distribute all products, including respiratory products, and this portfolio will increase over the next few years, it added.
Commenting on the announcement, Cipla, Europe Head, Frank Pieters said: "We are excited to partner with S&D Pharma and believe that this collaboration will enable us to drive access in the Czech Republic and Slovakia across therapy areas in the coming years."
"Through this collaboration we have secured a competitive and varied product pipeline for the future and very much look forward to contributing to the future success of Cipla's respiratory range," S&D Pharma CEO Daniel Straus said.
The company said that in the near future, after regulatory approvals, the Salmeterol-Fluticasone fixed combination inhaler will be launched in both markets under the name Fullhale.
"With Fullhale we will offer in Czech Republic and Slovakia an alternative which is effective and efficient and therefore brings many advantages into a market which suffers from limited resources," Cipla added.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 16:55 (IST)

Malaysia Airlines’ financial woes addressed© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6530cd92-36e8-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Driven by Mobile  Over 1 Billion Videos Viewed Every Day on FacebookYou are here: Home Corporates
Driven by Mobile, Over 1 Billion Videos Viewed Everyday on Facebook
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 14:22 (IST)
Apple to Charge Banks in New Payment System: Report
New Delhi:
Social networking giant Facebook today said more than one billion videos are viewed everyday on its platform, with over 65 per cent of it being consumed on mobile phones.
Facebook, which has more than 1.32 billion monthly active users (MAUs) globally, has over 1.07 billion mobile MAUs.
"Since June there has been an average of more than one billion video views on Facebook every day. Overall growth in video views exceeded 50 per cent from May through July of this year," Facebook said in a blog.
Now, more than 65 per cent of video views are on mobile, it added.
"Video is one of the most engaging and immersive ways to tell your story... Video uploaded directly to Facebook is an increasingly important part of News Feed, and more people than ever before are sharing, discovering, and engaging with videos that they care about," Facebook project management director (Video) Fidji Simo said.
The US-based firm is now rolling out an update this week that will allow people to see how many views a video has received on Facebook.
"Views will be shown on public videos from people and pages, to help people discover new, popular videos," Simo added.
Facebook is currently testing a new feature on mobile that aims to help people discover new videos and after someone finishes watching a video, Facebook may show additional related videos that they might find interesting.
"We are committed to making Facebook the best place to share, discover and watch videos, and we'll keep listening to feedback to improve video on Facebook," Simo added.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 14:20 (IST)

Alibaba Hits Road to Promote Massive IPOTrump Entertainment Files for Bankruptcy, May Close Taj Mahal Casino
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's management kicked off its two-week IPO marketing blitz on Monday with an early morning presentation to the combined sales forces of its six underwriters.
Alibaba is seeking to raise more than $21 billion (Rs 1.26 lakh crore at 1 dollar = 60 rupees) in an initial public offering (IPO) that will value the company at up to $163 billion and rank as the largest-ever technology debut in the United States. Alibaba expects to price the IPO at $60 to $66 per American depository share (ADS). It will list shares on the New York Stock Exchange.
At 1000 GMT (3:30 p.m. in India ), about 300 salespeople for the six banks underwriting the offering gathered at Citigroup Inc's offices on Greenwich street in Lower Manhattan for an hour, according to a source familiar with the meeting.
Besides Citigroup, Credit Suisse Group AG, Deutsche Bank AG, Goldman Sachs Group Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co and Morgan Stanley are joint book runners for Alibaba's IPO.
Alibaba executive vice chairman Joe Tsai fielded questions and did the main presenting to the sales force, according to the source. The point of the meeting was to get all the book runners of the IPO on the same page to help them market the shares, the source said.
An Alibaba representative declined to comment.
Investors will get a chance to hear about Alibaba at a luncheon at the Waldorf Astoria hotel in New York later on Monday. Credit Suisse chief executive Brady Dougan is expected to introduce management on behalf of all the underwriters. Alibaba will then present, with most of the time dedicated to a question-and-answer session, said a separate source familiar with the matter.
Industry analysts had expected Alibaba to try for a valuation in excess of $200 billion, ranking it among the 20 largest publicly traded companies in the US. The multi-city marketing effort will determine whether Alibaba, widely seen as one of the hottest technology IPOs of the year, will price above the initial range and come closer to that valuation.
The company has attracted its share of controversy, which has kept some investors on the sidelines. Some have said they were cautious about conflicts of interest between founder Jack Ma's role as a steward of the company and his investment interests elsewhere.
Alibaba's governance has also become an issue with major shareholders Yahoo Inc and Softbank Corp, which both objected when the company hived off lucrative payments unit Alipay.
In the United States, Alibaba has failed to draw the kind of interest from retail investors that preceded other hot Internet IPOs such as Facebook Inc.
But some investors say Alibaba's fundamentals outweigh the risk of investing in a company with an unfamiliar governance structure.
Alibaba accounts for about 80 per cent of all online retail sales in China, where rising internet usage and an expanding middle class helped the company generate gross merchandise volume of $296 billion in the 12 months ended June 30. Revenue in the June quarter increased 46 per cent to $2.54 billion from a year earlier, faster than the 38.7 per cent growth in the previous quarter.
Alibaba is selling 123.1 million of the 320.1 million ADS shares slated for the IPO. Shareholders including Yahoo, Ma and Tsai are offering the remainder.
The company plans a Tuesday presentation at the Four Seasons hotel in Boston, according to a person who saw an invitation.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 22:07 (IST)

Revised Schemes For Social Security In IndiaPublished on Mon, Sep 08,2014 | 22:46, Updated at Mon, Sep 08 at 22:46Source : Moneycontrol.com 
By: Surabhi Marwah, Tax Partner - EY
The 100 day anniversary of the new government was witness to a significant modification in the social security regime in India. Further to the Finance Minister’s proposal, put forward by him in his budget speech this year, the Ministry of Labour and Employment on 22 August 22, 2014raised the statutory ceiling for monthly salary for the purpose of calculating contributions under the Indian social security schemes (namely the provident fund (PF) scheme, pension scheme and the deposit linked insurance scheme) from INR 6,500 to INR 15,000.Further,minimum monthly pension benefit of INR 1,000 was also introduced under the pension scheme.
As per the amendment, w.e.f September 1, 2014, all employees having a monthly salary up to INR 15,000 shall be mandatorily covered under all the three schemes and shall be required to make monthly contributions. In case an employees’ monthly salary is higher than INR 15,000, he may opt out of the PF scheme (if not already a member). If such employee voluntarily opts for membership, it is essential that the monthly contribution is made on at least INR 15,000 unless an option to contribute on a higher salary is exercised.
The mandatory inclusion for PF members under the pension scheme has also now been done away with. Employees drawing monthly salary in excess of INR 15000, who are not existing members of the pension scheme, will now not be eligible for membership under the pension scheme. A reading of this suggests that this amendment is also applicable for International Workers. Thus, an International Worker assigned to India on or after 1September, 2014 will only be required to become a member of the PF scheme and for such an individual, the entire employer and employee share of contribution (24% of monthly salary) will be allocated to the PF Scheme.
The amendments were introduced by the Government with the intent to address the coverage gaps in social security schemes for individuals and to consciously extend the benefit of social security to a wider range or class of employees. The Circulars specify a laundry list of such employees and some of those who willow be covered in the net are employees of government departments, individuals in the banking, real estate and health care industries employed through third party vendors, individuals employed in schools, hospitals, hotels, restaurants, show rooms of branded companies etc.  
In addition to the bridging of coverage gaps, the Government also seeks to benefit members by increasing the ‘monthly pensionable salary’ for pension benefit calculation to INR 15,000and also increasing the lump-sum benefit available under the deposit-linked insurance scheme on the death of an employee by 20%.
Whilst this is welcome news for some individuals, it may mean a reduction in take home and a bonus in the retirement account for others. Thus, planning is the call of the day.  
From the employers' perspective, a review of coverage under the social security schemes is recommended to ensure timely and accurate compliance with the amended schemes. In particular, employers registered under the PF law should:
-          Review their employee population and cover all employees with monthly salary up to INR 15000 as members of PF scheme.
-          Review salary structures and current payroll processes to ensure correct deduction and deposit of contributions under various schemes w.e.f September 1, 2014.
-          Review coverage of all employees for whom contribution towards pension scheme is made on monthly salary exceeding INR 15,000.
-          Ensure correct compliance and coverage for International Workers
A conscious effort should also be made by employers to educate employees of the benefits of membership under such schemes and a reiteration of the systematic investment benefits flowing from these.
This is a constructive and welcome step taken by the Government to aid the low wage earners and to promote a socially empowered society in India. Careful planning shall however be required to ensure availability of sufficient Government reserves to cover the increased social security payouts expected in the future.
(Sachin Hans, Senior Tax Professional, EY contributed to the article)
(Views expressed are personal)

US poised to be world s biggest PPP market: Moody sCredit Rating
(A number of large projects…)
The United States is poised to become the world's biggest marketplace for public-private partnerships as infrastructure needs soar while traditional funding for bridges, courthouses and other projects wears thin, Moody's Investors Service said on Monday.
The US market for these special arrangements is also less mature than most major economies, it said. But a number of large so-called P3 projects are in the pipeline now for US transportation, and once those deals close, a new wave of social infrastructure projects is expected, Moody's said.
Courthouses, such as the one in Long Beach, California, as well as school buildings could also lead a new wave of social infrastructure projects, followed by water and waste-water facilities, the credit ratings agency said.
Most public infrastructure in the United States has been built using low-interest, tax-exempt bonds. Since the recession, city and state governments have been wary of taking on more debt, and some cannot afford major transportation projects on a pay-as-you-go basis.
Some states have yet to legalize P3s. Virginia, Florida, Texas, Indiana and Colorado have been ahead of the pack in approving transportation P3s, Moody's said, but similar legislation has failed in New York and Kentucky.
The momentum has quickened in the last five years. A total of 39 US states now have some kind of legalized P3, either for transportation or social infrastructure projects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Electrolux to Buy GE Appliances for $3.3 BnYou are here: Home Corporates
Electrolux Takes on Whirlpool in US With $3.3 Billion GE Appliances Buy
Reuters | Updated On: September 08, 2014 22:59 (IST)
Trump Entertainment Files for Bankruptcy, May Close Taj Mahal Casino
Stockholm: Sweden's Electrolux on Monday said it would double US sales by paying $3.3 billion in cash for General Electric Co's appliances business in its biggest ever deal, giving it the scale to go head-to-head with larger rival Whirlpool.
GE's century-old household appliance business, which had $5.7 billion in 2013 revenue, could help the Swedish company expand beyond its core European market where growth has trailed that in North America.
Electrolux, the world's second-largest appliance maker by sales, will see its annual sales in North America more than double to over $10 billion, similar in size to Whirlpool's sales there. It also gets to keep the iconic GE Appliance's brands.
"I think it's a historic event for Electrolux. I'm very excited about it. I think the fit - the strategic fit, the industrial logic - is compelling," Electrolux chief executive Keith McLoughlin told Reuters.
While the price tag is higher than the $2.5 billion figure people familiar with the deal suggested to Reuters last week, analysts said the company was not overpaying. The deal includes GE's 48.4 per cent stake in Mexican appliances maker Mabe.
Electrolux said the price was 7.0-7.3 times GE Appliance's estimated 2014 earnings before tax, interest, depreciation and amortization (Ebitda), based on an enterprise value (including debt) of $3.45 billion, according to ThomsonReuters data.
Including expected annual cost savings of around $300 million, the multiple paid for GE would be much lower at around five times Ebitda, Electrolux chief financial officer Tomas Eliasson told a conference call.
"If they manage to realise the synergies, it's clearly a good multiple," said Kepler Cheuvreux analyst Johan Eliason, adding the inclusion of the Mabe stake would strengthen Electrolux's position in Latin America on top of the clout it is gaining in North America.
"They're getting access to both North and South America in a very good way, and will become very strong in all of the Americas," Mr Eliason said.
The deal will be financed by a bridge facility and the company plans a rights issue to raise about 25 per cent of the price after the deal's expected closing next year, Electrolux said.
Investor, the investment company founded by Sweden's Wallenberg family and owner of 15.5 per cent of Electrolux's capital, gave the deal and the right issue its stamp of approval.
"As the leading owner, with a long-term ownership horizon, we find Electrolux's acquisition of GE Appliances industrially attractive and fully support it," Investor chief executive Borje Ekholm said.
Electrolux shares rise
Electrolux shares were up 5.9 per cent at 198.60 crowns at 1048 GMT (4:18 p.m. in India), outperforming the wider Stockholm market, giving the company a market capitalisation of $8.7 billion.
General Electric Co put the profitable but low-margin appliance business up for sale in 2008 but talks fizzled out as the global recession took hold. The unit is almost exclusively focused on the US market and has lacked global scale.
GE said last month that it was evaluating strategic options for the home appliance business, including discussions with Electrolux.
Last year, GE Appliances - which sells refrigerators, cookers, air conditioners and water heaters and air conditioners under the GE Monogram, GE Cafe and Hotpoint brands - had sales of $5.7 billion, 90 per cent of which were in North America, with Ebitda of $390 million, including the share of profit from Mabe.
Electrolux, which sells under brands such as Frigidaire, AEG and Zanussi as well as its own name, is the world's second-largest home appliance maker after Whirlpool, but has its strongest market position in Europe.
In 2013, Western Europe accounted for 28 per cent of group sales while North America represented 32 per cent. Organic growth in North America was 7 per cent while in Europe it was 0.4 per cent.
Rival Whirlpool had revenues of $18.8 billion in 2013 against $22.5 billion for a combined Electrolux and GE Appliances.
Whirlpool has also been on the acquisition path, buying a 60 per cent stake in Italian firm Indesit, which had revenues of 2.7 billion euros ($3.49 billion) in 2013. It has also agreed to buy Hefei Rongshida Sanyo Electric Co which had 2013 revenues of around $850 million.
Deutsche Bank and SEB Corporate Finance were Electrolux's financial advisors on the deal, while Davis Polk & Wardwell was lead legal advisor. GE was advised by Goldman Sachs and law firm Sidley Austin LLP.
1 dollar = 7.0980 Swedish crown)
(1 dollar = 0.7730 euro)

Eyeing Kerala  PM Narendra Modi plays Dalit cardEyeing Kerala, PM Narendra Modi plays Dalit card
Saubhadra Chatterji , Hindustan Times   New Delhi, September 08, 2014
First Published: 23:39 IST(8/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:44 IST(8/9/2014)
Comments
As Prime Minister Narendra Modi Monday took the stage to commemorate the 152nd birth anniversary Mahatma Ayyankali, the Dalit icon and social reformist of Kerala, the BJP found a Dalit route to break into the Left’s bastion in the strong southern state.
 
The event, organized by the largest umbrella organization of scheduled castes the Kerala Pulayar Maha Sabha (KPMS), Modi made it clear: “without the KPMS, neither social policy nor politics is possible in Kerala.”
 
Minutes before Modi’s statement, the KPMS president NK Neelakandan flatly said in his speech, “We will only help those who will take care of us.”
 
The KPMS represents 103 scheduled castes and has an influence over 35 lakh voters—roughly 10% of the total voter-strength of the state. Talking to HT before the event, Neelakadan said, “Earlier, most of us supported the communists. But in the next assembly election, we may back BJP candidates.”
 
The KPMS claimed that it can sway 16 assembly seats and enjoys influence over another 24 seats. The Kerala elections are due in April 2016.
 
In his speech, Modi effusively praised Ayyankali, even compared his first Dalit meeting in 1913 (held on fishing boats as officials denied permission to use any land) with Mahatma Gandhi’s Dandi March and spelled out his larger message: “Equality among Dalits and forward classes are not enough. There has to be a sense of compassion and brotherhood as well.”
 
The event at Delhi’s Vigyan Bhawan was also timed perfectly—just seven days after BJP chief Amit Shah went to Kerala to find foothold for the BJP. Modi too, complimented the efforts: “I am possibly the first one from our school of thought to come close to you,” he told the audience packed with Malayali Dalits.
 
The craft politician also hit out at Congress and Left rulers to maximize from this ocassion, “No one thought that such a commemoration can take place at this important venue.”

J&K floods: Maharashtra CM announces Rs 10 crore aidJ&K floods: Over 90,000 people rescued, lakhs still stranded; Army Chief to visit Srinagar today 8 hours 15 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

beyondbrics: Brazil’s economySign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Change Culture  Not Cabs: Woman-Only Taxis and Commodifying Female Fearreddit
SheTaxis (known as SheRides in New York City) is a newly-launched app that will help women-only passengers find women-only taxi drivers. If you are a woman, the creators argue, it makes sense to use this car service, because taking taxis and Ubers driven by men can be dangerous. There is a whole lot of money to be made helping women adapt to this problem.
This approach to "keeping women safe" is based on the sex segregation model of harassment and stranger rape avoidance at the heart of women-only subway cars in Japan and women-only train compartments in India . It's the car version of a million "don't get raped" products, the latest of which is drug-sensing nail polish that women can paint onto their fingertips and dip into drinks. Most solutions advocating segregation or self-defense are variations of "shrink it and pink it" consumer product and public space design. Even Women.Com , a new social network designed as a (safe) space for women only, takes this approach -- that women have to take themselves out of spaces shared by men or risk the consequences.
The reason many feminists don't embrace these products and services enthusiastically is that, while they help individual women avoid rape, none of them prevents rape or other violence that it is often related to. They don't reduce terror, but diffuse it. They don't dismantle myths (like the relative risk of stranger sexual assault versus acquaintance and intimate assault), they capitalize on them. They not only operate within parameters that accept the violence, but commodify it.
Products and services that "empower" women, from Rape Axe to electrified bras, are not feminist technologies in the sense that they do not challenge the systems that oppress women. Besides, what response, in those two cases in particular, do people think a rapist is going to have to having his penis shredded or being given an electric shock?
Nor do the stop violence; they just displace it. I like the idea of the taxi service because it offers a momentary respite. I hate it because that respite, useless to another woman, dissolves the minute a person exits the car. What if she can't afford the car? What if the car drops her off at home where her ex-boyfriend rapes her? What if her housemate does?
The very phrase "violence against women" avoids the word "men," although men and masculinity are a central fact of this violence. We don't, for example, commonly see headlines such as "male-perpetrated violence reaches epidemic levels." The phrase we use, violence against women, disembodies the person enacting the violence, and that's not helpful. "Violence against women" is an incomplete way of talking about the problem and products and services like this are the logical outcome of that approach.
This is the part of the conversation where the feminist says, "Most men are not raping and physically assaulting women," but an unconscionably high proportion of men, in fact, do. The largest international study of rape, involving more than 10,000 men, found one in four admitted to raping women and that their reason for raping was sexual entitlement: they thought it was their right. Almost half admitted to using physical violence. This is, as the World Heath Organization has been documenting and explaining for year, "a global health problem of epidemic proportions.
That explains how it is that ONE IN TEN GIRLS on earth are sexually assaulted or raped. Last week, a new UN report detailed this finding. Unicef's executive director, Anthony Lake, explains this happens "every day, everywhere" and "cuts across boundaries of age, geography, religion, ethnicity and income brackets."
It's a huge number: 125 million children. "Children" is inaccurate, too; It's girls. As with coverage of the recent Rotherham abuses , in which more than 1,400 underage girls were raped, sometimes brutally for years, and in which the authorities showed as much contempt for them as their rapists did, most reports refer to "child sexual abuse." While boys are victims and suffer tremendous, lifelong harm, the vast majority of those targeted for physical, sexual assault are girls and women and the vast majority of those perpetrating crimes are men -- this is true regardless of the sex of the victim. In the U.S., one in 77 men report being sexually assaulted (compared with one in five women, one in three in some areas), and 28% of men report being assaulted as boys.)
The international study of rape conducted last year "reaffirms that violence against women is preventable, not inevitable," explained James Lang, a program coordinator with Partners for Prevention. "Prevention is crucial because of the high prevalence of men's use of violence found across the study sites and it is achievable because the majority of the factors associated with men's use of violence can be changed."
Rape is, of course, only one dimension of pandemic threat that women have to be alert to, usually in their own homes. Globally, one in three women lives with intimate partner violence. In the United States, three women a day are killed by men they know . Every week, there are between 9- 12 murder suicides in which women are 85% of those killed, and men 95% of those killing . There are 66,000 calls a day to domestic shelters from people, most of them women, asking for help escaping daily terrorism.
Raising awareness of this violence has complicated effects. First, solutions like these taxis can subtly and not-to-subtly spread fear in women as a class. It's more of the "be careful always" message girls grow up with. Second, when it is evident that predatory rapists target women who are, ultimately, interchangeable, then the idea of "good" and "bad" women, those who "deserve" and "don't deserve," "invite," or "don't invite," abuse falls away as an enabling cultural myths. That can be scary for a lot of people who rely on those myths to feel safe. Count on avoidance products and services to increase, not decrease. Third, visible violence -- like boys who film their rapes or men who bludgeon their wives in elevators -- is easy to understand and object to, but focusing on what it means is easier to ignore. The deeper, systemic issues fall by the wayside in favor of focusing on what victims can do to avoid the violence or how individual abusers should be dealt with.
If you consider the entertainment and porn industries, our economy already substantively benefits from enactments and depictions of male-perpetrated violence and eroticized masculine physical dominance. The flip side of those things is enactments, depictions and commercial exploitation of women's vulnerability, fear and pain. We wrap it all up in "free speech," and "What an innovative idea!" to make it politically palatable, pragmatic and seemingly painless. We put the onus on the victims to avoid violence, leaving the perpetrator to find someone else and the culture to enable him to.
SheTaxis' drivers will wear hot pink pashmina scarves. You know when a pink scarf becomes a culture-changing feminist rape and abuse prevention strategy fighting a culture of institutionally tolerated violence? When a member of the Gulabi Gang is wearing it. People may not be keen on their violence as a response, but there is no doubt that their grass-roots solution is dismantling a traditional system that makes women less vulnerable and discriminates against them as a class of people.
In order to effect meaningful change, and not just shift everything around so that different people get hurt, we have to focus on how we grow boys into men. As Zerlina Maxwell said, in what was to so many a scandalous and horrifying suggestion , we have to teach boys not to rape, and otherwise grow up to abuse children and women whom they ultimately feel they own. Breakthrough's Ring The Bell initiative, Men Can Stop Rape's Healthy Masculinity Action Project , which work with boys ad men to change these cultures, are doing that. Segregating ourselves, while understandable, will never fix this problem and might significantly prolong it.
Follow Soraya Chemaly on Twitter: www.twitter.com/schemaly
More:

J&K floods: UN system stands ready to help India  PakistanUrgent aid needed. Help Now
United Nations: The UN system stands ready to help governments in India and Pakistan in their efforts to provide relief and assistance to the hundreds impacted by the severe floods in Kashmir, a spokesperson for UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said on Monday.
A large-scale rescue operation has been launched by authorities in Jammu and Kashmir as the Army and Air Force evacuated thousands of people from inundated areas across the state.
Nearly 150 people have been killed in the floods and many more stranded, with Prime Minister Narendra Modi announcing Rs 1,000 crore aid for the battered state.
Ban's spokesperson Stephane Dujarric told PTI that UN officials in New Delhi are in touch with Indian authorities "to see how best we can help."
Ban's spokesperson Stephane Dujarric told PTI that UN officials in New Delhi are in touch with Indian authorities "to see how best we can help."
He, however, added that he is not aware whether the UN agencies in India have received any official request from the government for help in relief and rescue operations.
He said UN officials in the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs are working closely with the Pakistani government and the United Nations system stands by to help Pakistan and those impacted by the floods.

Corporatisation of ports back on trackPOTENTIAL BENEFITS ACCRUING OUT OF CORPORATISATION
Access to private capital market
Market-driven rates
Minimum red tape to respond to competition
Corporate governance structure
*yet to be incorporated under the Companies Act
Corporatisation of ports has been on the agenda for more than a decade but there has been opposition from interest groups. An earlier National Democratic Alliance government under Atal Bihari Vajpayee had looked at such a model for the Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust. The previous UPA government had moved to corporatise Kochi Port Trust but the proposal could not go through.
“We have almost finalised the Cabinet proposal and are hoping that an amendment sails through in the winter session of Parliament,” said the official. New ports would be registered under the Companies Act, as is the one at Ennore, close to Chennai city.
India has 13 major sea ports, 12 of which function under the aegis of the Major Port Trusts Act, 1963. These are under the control of the Union government. Major ports are on the Union list of the Constitution; also, the Centre may declare any port as a major one by official notification.
There are two additional major ports whose development plans are in the pipeline. One is at Sagar Island in West Bengal. The other will come up at Dugarajapatnam, in Andhra Pradesh’s Nellore district. Both, like Ennore Port, will be formed under the Companies Act. The official said the process of incorporating these new ports as companies was under way. Issues on land acquisition was holding up the incorporation of Dugarajapatnam. The cost implication of building a breakwater and conducting dredging is delaying progress on Sagar Island, said the official.
 Advertisements

Cleco close to deal on $3.4bn-plus sale© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84017fd4-3790-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kashmir floods: massive rescue ops on  phones down  roads submerged; toll touches 200Play Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
“The Indian Army will not move back to the barracks till the last man is brought to safety,” said General Dalbir Singh, chief of the army staff.
 
Video footage shot from army helicopters showed entire villages completely under water while residents were seen waving from rooftops as vehicles and livestock were washed away by the floodwaters.
State-run BSNL launched an operation with the army and air force to re-establish mobile services through satellite network, though officials said it would take more than a week for full restoration.
Read: Govt fights hard to save lives
 
The army headquarters in Delhi used social media to help send messages from anxious people across the country seeking to know about their missing relatives. It forwarded all distress messages received on its website, Facebook page and Twitter handle to a WhatsApp group, that included senior Northern Command officers
 
National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) rescuers received over 450 distress messages through WhatsApp and other social media platforms apart from SMSes about people stranded in submerged areas.
Watch: Monsoon floods kill hundreds in India, Pakistan
"We are not able to communicate with our teams sent on the ground in flood-ravaged areas. We were able to rescue some people after getting these messages. We have asked our commanders and control rooms to streamline these messages," said NDRF chief OP Singh said.
 
Rescue efforts were hampered by rains in Srinagar on Monday. With large swathes of the state cut off, the army distributed 23,000 litres of drinking water, 85 tonnes of medicines and 600 kg of biscuits in flood-affected areas.

BP and the Supreme CourtSeptember 8, 2014 7:20 pm
BP and the Supreme Court
The highest justices should hear the oil company’s case
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2ec269e8-375e-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tech blog: magic web money 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Jammu and Kashmir floods: Wireless sets rushed inThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Emirates leads push on conflict zone rulesLast updated: July 28, 2014 7:57 pm
Emirates leads push to change conflict zone rules
By Andrew Parker in London and Simeon Kerr in Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/911b26de-1648-11e4-8210-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Emirates to reconsider Airbus A350 orderJune 23, 2014 6:10 pm
Emirates to reconsider Airbus A350 order
By Andrew Parker in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7728d6c8-faea-11e3-a9cd-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India gold smuggling rises on import curbsSeptember 3, 2014 2:57 pm
India gold smuggling rises on import curbs
By Avantika Chilkoti
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/544a9038-336b-11e4-9607-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gold loses shine with China consumersLast updated: August 14, 2014 4:18 pm
Gold loses shine as Chinese curb jewellery purchases
By Neil Hume, Commodities Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b3c468a8-230e-11e4-a424-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex  Nifty at Record Highs on Oil Drop  Fund InflowsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Lanco Infratech cuts work force by 30%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

NBA Reportedly Won t Punish Ferry for Deng Remark
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening higher; may hit fresh record highsDow Jones
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open higher on Tuesday following positive trend seen in other Asian markets . Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to surpass its previous record high of 8180.20 hit on 08 September 2014.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 3 points higher at 8,193 indicating positive opening on the domestic market.
Nifty resumed its upside after a breather of couple of days and concluded at a new life high of 8,173 on a closing basis on Monday. In the immediate term the level of 8040 has now emerged as an important support.
"As long as this support is held there is a possibility that the present upside may stretch higher till 8227 - 8259 range. However, the index appears highly overstretched on the upside and thus we recommend a trailing stop loss of 8040 for all long positions," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"A move below 8040 would be the initial sign of weakness which will be confirmed only if the Nifty breaks 7920," added the report. The brokerage firm maintains a cautious view at these lofty levels.
Overnight, US stocks ended lower after a drop in energy shares, while the Nasdaq edged higher with Yahoo. The S&P 500's decline followed a record close on Friday
"Recent market momentum has been driven by accommodative Fed policy, including bond purchases and low interest rates ," Reuters reported.
Research from the San Francisco Federal Reserve indicated investors expect rates to stay low for longer than the central bank itself does, added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 25.94 points or 0.15 percent, to 17,111.42, the S&P 500 lost 6.18 points or 0.31 percent, to 2,001.53 and the Nasdaq Composite added 9.39 points or 0.2 percent, to 4,592.29.
Asian shares were trading mixed. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.46 per cent higher at 15,777 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.20 per cent lower at 2,321.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Firm on liquor policy: ChandyUpdated: September 9, 2014 02:02 IST
Firm on liquor policy: Chandy
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu Oomen Chandy said though the government was likely to lose between Rs.8,000 and 9,000 crore in revenue, it would not go back on its liquor policy.
Chief Minister Oommen Chandy has said there is no question of the government going back on its new liquor policy aimed at bringing down liquor consumption.
Inaugurating the 160th Sree Narayana Guru jayanti celebrations at the Sivagiri Madhom near here on Monday, the Chief Minister said though the government was likely to lose between Rs.8,000 and 9,000 crore in revenue, it would not go back on its liquor policy.
The loss in revenue was insignificant when compared to the heavy toll that liquor took on social life, families, and the lives of individuals. Mr. Chandy said the government could be faced with several challenges when it seeks to implement the new liquor policy.
The two major challenges were the possible spread of illicit liquor and other intoxicating substances but the government was confident that it would be able to tackle these challenges with support from all sections of society. The State was on course towards a liquor-free status, the Chief Minister said.
He said there was great relevance for Guru’s teachings, especially for the new generation. The government would take steps to include Guru’s works and works on him in more classes and had already entrusted with the Public Relations Department the task of translating Guru’s Daivadasakam into more languages.
Earlier, the Chief Minister and the Excise Minister offered floral tributes at the Samadhi of Sree Narayana Guru at the madhom. Sree Narayana Dharma Sanghom Trust president Swami Prakasananda hoisted the flag to mark the beginning of the Guru jayanti celebrations.

Stafford  Megatron Crush Giants as Lions Roll in Caldwell Debut
Govt formulating new policy on IPRThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Accumulate berger paint.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

The promoters of this co are not narayan murthi who will work at small...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Jackpot stock -feindiaCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

India is not even a third world country  but a fifth world country.......Replies (4)
Guest
Which is exactly why I am invested in India, because the biggest opportunity is here. And which is exactly why I am greatful to India for allowing me to afford a Ferrari. If I had invested anywhere else I might have driven a Nano.
In reply to : SugarTrapped message
9.02 AM Sep 9th

Martina Navratilova Proposes To Girlfriend At U.S. Openreddit
Martina Navratilova still knows how to rise to the occasion at the U.S. Open. This time, she did it by dropping to one knee.
More than 25 years after the tennis legend won her fourth and final single's title in New York, Navratilova surprised her girlfriend, Julia Lemigova, with a proposal. The heartwarming moment was shown on the big screen at Arthur Ashe Stadium on Saturday, reported People .
— TennisChannelPR (@TennisChannelPR) September 6, 2014
"I was very nervous," Navratilova said later, via The Associated Press . "It came off. She said yes. It was kind of an out-of-body experience. You've seen people propose at sporting events before, in movies, in real life. Here it was happening to me. It was like I was watching myself do it."
The couple has been together since 2006, according to the Daily Mail . After #shesaidyes, Navratilova took to Twitter to thank her fans for the support.
Thanks everyone for your good wishes- I am very happy, so is Julia and our whole family:)
— Martina Navratilova (@Martina) September 6, 2014
More:

DLF  L&T  ITC in Goldman Sachs   conviction  listPuneet Wadhwa |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:47 PM IST
DLF, L&T, ITC in Goldman Sachs' 'conviction' list
Grasim Industries, IndusInd Bank, Petronet LNG, Voltas Limited and Tech Mahindra are the other stocks in this list
Realty major DLF, engineering behemoth Larsen and Toubro (L&T) and FMCG (fast moving consumer goods) giant ITC are among the eight ‘conviction ideas’ of Goldman Sachs according to a September 2014 report.
Grasim Industries, IndusInd Bank, Petronet LNG, Voltas and Tech Mahindra are other stocks in this list, where the upside from closing price levels of September 4, 2014 over the next 12 months could range between 1.4 and 74.5 per cent, the report says.
The report, ‘India Weekly Kickstart’, dated September 5, by Sunil Koul, Timothy Moe and Nitin Chanduka has also revised the Nifty target to 9,000 besides recalibrating the outlook for dollar-rupee levels for the next few months.
“We roll our 12-month target for the Nifty to September 2015 (from June 2015) with our updated target of 9,000 (from 8,600 earlier). Earlier this week, we also revised our USD/INR targets to build in USD strength. Our new three, six and 12-month USD/INR forecasts are 61, 62 and 63 respectively from 58.5, 61 and 63 earlier,” the report says.
Among the lot, Goldman Sachs is most bullish on DLF that saw its stock come under selling pressure after a division bench of the Punjab and Haryana High Court directed the Haryana government to conduct an auction of land allotted to the company by inviting international bids within a month.
Goldman Sachs maintains a target price of Rs 292 on the stock from a 12-month perspective in its report.
Global view
With a 12-month Nifty target of 9,000 and earnings per share (EPS) growth of 14 per cent and 18 per cent in CY14E and CY15E respectively, Goldman Sachs maintains an overweight rating on India. “The earnings sentiment remains positive for the overall market. MSCI India is currently trading at 16.5x forward P/E and 3.0x trailing book value,” the report says.
Goldman Sachs is also overweight on China and Taiwan. It expects the Hang Seng China Enterprises Index (HSCEI) to scale 12,300 levels and Taiwan Stock Exchange Weighted Index (TWSE) to hit 10,800.
On the other hand, the global research and advisory firm maintains an underweight rating on Malaysian, Hong Kong, Australia and Thailand among the other global markets.
 Advertisements

In Search for Leaders Who Leadreddit
The 21st century organization requires bold leaders who understand they live in a world of opportunity to create and lead others around a shared purpose. Unfortunately, the system is still massively broke. Most so-called leaders are stuck leading 20th-century organizations where they delegate their responsibilities to functions. Someone else ghostwrites their blogs and makes sure diverse teams are built. And then they wonder why they have a disengaged and homogenous workforce.
Stuck in the Old World
We have old world concepts like engagement and empowerment flying around the corporate walls. No one really wants to admit they don't know what they mean or more importantly, what to do with them. Have you ever seen an empowered workforce? Was it words on a PowerPoint slide or an HBR article?
Listening has become a transactional event of running an annual employee survey or performance management meeting. Why have we lost the ability to conduct two-way conversations whenever they are needed? Why is it that we talk to our customers regularly and then practice archaic management practices when it comes to what we publish on our Intranets as our "most important assets"? Why are people still called headcount where on a financial spreadsheet, furniture is an asset and people are a liability?
Wake up to the New Reality
It's time to wake up and realize it's a new century in a world of possibilities and opportunities that are not in the mainstream but on the edges. Leadership today is also on the edges since we don't have to follow the prescribed solutions that don't work in our new world of work. Leaders who get this no longer delegate their communication to a function. They work out loud and experiment while leading with conscious purpose.
Some Leaders Are Breaking Through
I am lucky enough to partner with such a leader and see her in action building an engaged network of innovators. She listens and takes risks. She doesn't wait for the annual survey to listen. She brings in the best internal an external talent to drive her organization to the next level. I have experienced one brave leader who leads through creating and doing.
And we need many more to practice conscious leadership as the workforce is changing so fast and those who are stuck will not survive what is about to take place in the world of work. No technology in the world will help unless we start shifting and integrating the technology into our business rather than trying to lead with it, which ultimately fails. It's about re-imagining leadership in a post-hero world where every person can make a difference.
And it's definitely not easy. If it was, everyone would be doing it. There is no cookie cutter approach as the new model of leadership requires knowing how to deal with failure and disappointment and stepping into unchartered territory. The 21st century leader is a dreamer who sees the possibilities by creating new markets. She leaves the job for competing for marketshare to someone else. And taps into people in all generations across all geographies with drive and purpose on a human level.
Do you know 21st century leaders? What makes them lead with the courage to be vulnerable and create healthy organizations that thrive?
Follow Ayelet Baron on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ayeletb
More:

Safeguarding investments in the coal sectorAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Govt seeks general consent from states for CBI investigationAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Diesel price likely to come down as brent cr...Diesel price may come down for first time in 7 years; petrol price cut on cards
Rajeev Jayaswal, ET Bureau Sep 9, 2014, 09.52AM IST
Tags:
Brent crude
(India is considering a cut…)
NEW DELHI: India is considering a cut in diesel prices for the first time in seven years amid global crude price dropping below $100 a barrel for the first time in more than a year, a move that could take some of the sting out of inflation as a patchy monsoon threatens a rise in food prices.
That in turn could allow the central bank to ease up on its interest-rate stance at the next monetary policy announcement, boosting revival prospects. This comes as the government has been considering freeing up diesel prices, since subsidy has been narrowed by incremental, monthly price increases.
"If this downward trend in international oil prices continues and the rupee appreciates even marginally, there will be over-recovery from this month," said a senior executive at an oil PSU who didn't want to be named.
"We intend to pass this to customers," said the executive. "A price review is expected on September 15. But the decision regarding diesel price cut will be taken by the government because it is a regulated fuel."
The government is still evaluating the political situation in pollbound states before deregulating the fuel, government and industry officials said. Benchmark Brent crude fell Monday to a 14-month low of $99.59 per barrel, dropping below $100 for the first time since June last year because of sluggish demand from major importers, particularly China.
Meanwhile, the rupee has appreciated marginally against the dollar, which has almost aligned pump prices of diesel with market rates. According to the oil retail industry, pump prices of diesel have not been cut in the last seven years except for a marginal reduction on July 25, 2012, because of changes in distribution costs. Oil companies review petrol and diesel prices every fortnight.
While petrol prices change on the 15th and 30th of every month, the government has been raising diesel prices by 50 paise every month since January last year. The previous UPA government had decided to raise diesel rates in small monthly doses until pump prices were aligned with market rates and it could be deregulated. According to oil companies, a petrol price cut is imminent for the fourth time in a row.
"No decision has been taken on diesel price deregulation. The oil ministry has not yet circulated the Cabinet note to this effect," a senior government official said on condition of anonymity. The oil ministry is keeping a close watch on fuel price movements and is ready to present a draft cabinet note at short notice, officials said.
The government is hesitant to free diesel prices just before assembly elections in four states - Jammu & Kashmir, Maharashtra, Bihar and Jharkhand. "International petrol and diesel rates are highly volatile. Political prospects of the ruling BJP will be hampered in case their rates jump during assembly elections," one official said.
According to officials, a final decision on deregulation will be taken after consulting the finance ministry. The diesel subsidy used to be a major drag on the exchequer, having accounted for about 45-50 per cent of total fuel subsidies until January last year.
The UPA government's move to make a monthly increase narrowed the diesel subsidy to an estimated.`19,584 crore in the current financial year from Rs 62,837 crore in 2013-14. The expected move to free diesel prices from government control will also boost private investment in the fuel retail sector that was opened up in 2002.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India  Asean ink pacts on CEPA componentsAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

India has the potential to grow at 8-9% under Narendra Modi: Kevin GibsonEastspring Investments
(There’s no doubt that…)
Kevin Gibson , chief investment officer at Eastspring Investments , the Asia asset management arm of Prudential plc, said he would like to see India growing at its potential growth rate of 8-9 per cent by the end of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's current term, and expects the Reserve Bank of India to ease rates towards the end of this year, if inflation eases further. In a wide-ranging chat with ET, Gibson said India is one of the most diversified emerging markets which provides foreign investors with enough opportunities to rotate investments within the country. Edited excerpts:
Indian markets are currently trading at their life highs. How do you expect markets to behave and what's your Index target?
We need to be mindful that India is significantly up from the distressed levels seen in August last year. Since 2008, earnings have continued to grow, albeit at a varied pace. Markets are now trading close to historical averages and things on ground may need to improve fast to further catalyse valuations. Long term, we expect markets to rise in line with corporate earnings while the consensus earnings growth numbers — at mid to late teens for the next three years —appear to be encouraging.
The recent macro-economic indicators suggest that the worst is behind us, and growth has started to pick up. What are your economic growth expectations?
As I said, there are not many levers to push growth aggressively. Recovery may be U-shaped as course correction may take its own time. That said, things are moving in that direction. We have seen healthy industrial production numbers after a long time. Also, the inflation trajectory seems downwards. All this can help India emerge out of a stagflation kind of an era, which had strangled the country for a few years. I would like to see India growing at its potential 8-9 per cent by the end of PM Modi's current term.
The Reserve Bank of India is likely to hold rates in the September credit policy. What's your take on the interest rate scenario, given the inflationary situation?
It's clear that for the central bank, inflation took precedence over growth in deciding the rates trajectory. Inflation is the single-largest factor that's keeping the RBI from easing rates. Headline inflation is now within the RBI's target inflation of 8 per cent for this year. If inflation softens further, as expected, RBI may ease rates towards the end of this year. At the same time, it seeks support from the government to tackle the supply side and the fiscal situation. Of course, RBI cannot directly influence food inflation, but its policies can have an indirect effect on inflation expectations. The inflation expectations are running high and that also needs to moderate. It has been embedded in the mindset for too long and RBI needs to work towards changing that.
Steady corporate earnings, improving industrial output, easing inflationary situation and a stable domestic currency are giving a ray of hope to economic recovery. Would you agree?
There's no doubt in my mind that the worst is over. The external equation has turned around while measures to contain gold imports worked well. The sentiment got a further boost after elections: all this is making things easier for the RBI. I read reports that RBI was buying dollars to keep the rupee from appreciating — this is a remarkable development from where India was in the middle of last year. This also helps RBI accumulate reserves which further becomes a source of stability. If monsoon indeed remains deficient, it may moderate rural demand outlook, but I do not see a big spike in inflation.
Foreign institutional investors have invested over $13 billion into Indian equities this year. Do you think higher FII flows are sustainable after the slowdown in August investments?
Foreign flows have been encouraging and we expect that momentum to continue for India. At a time when the scare around global liquidity squeeze is still on, India has enough domestic catalysts to keep the investors coming back. India may be at an inflection point and continue attract foreign capital. Plus, India is one of the most diversified emerging markets which provide foreign investors with enough opportunities to rotate investments within the country in periods of varying risk perception.
The cyclical stocks have come under pressure after their disappointing first quarter earnings (Q1 FY15). Is the hope rally fading?
Things on ground are yet to improve notably, but markets always run ahead of time... they lead. There is enough operational leverage in the system which could facilitate smart earnings recovery when growth returns.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Work has slowed  not stopped  at Rohtak R&D unit: MarutiAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Alibaba IPO expected to price on Sept 18: ReportYou are here: Home > Collections > Brokerage
Alibaba IPO expected to price on September 18: Fidelity Investments
Reuters Sep 9, 2014, 03.46AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba IPO
(Boston-based Fidelity,…)
BOSTON: The blockbuster initial public offering of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd is expected to price on September 18th, Fidelity Investments has told brokerage clients.
Boston-based Fidelity, best known for its stable of mutual funds and brokerage, listed the expected pricing date on its website.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India has the potential to grow at 8-9% under Modi  | Top growth betEastspring Investments
(There’s no doubt that…)
Kevin Gibson , chief investment officer at Eastspring Investments , the Asia asset management arm of Prudential plc, said he would like to see India growing at its potential growth rate of 8-9 per cent by the end of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's current term, and expects the Reserve Bank of India to ease rates towards the end of this year, if inflation eases further. In a wide-ranging chat with ET, Gibson said India is one of the most diversified emerging markets which provides foreign investors with enough opportunities to rotate investments within the country. Edited excerpts:
Indian markets are currently trading at their life highs. How do you expect markets to behave and what's your Index target?
We need to be mindful that India is significantly up from the distressed levels seen in August last year. Since 2008, earnings have continued to grow, albeit at a varied pace. Markets are now trading close to historical averages and things on ground may need to improve fast to further catalyse valuations. Long term, we expect markets to rise in line with corporate earnings while the consensus earnings growth numbers — at mid to late teens for the next three years —appear to be encouraging.
The recent macro-economic indicators suggest that the worst is behind us, and growth has started to pick up. What are your economic growth expectations?
As I said, there are not many levers to push growth aggressively. Recovery may be U-shaped as course correction may take its own time. That said, things are moving in that direction. We have seen healthy industrial production numbers after a long time. Also, the inflation trajectory seems downwards. All this can help India emerge out of a stagflation kind of an era, which had strangled the country for a few years. I would like to see India growing at its potential 8-9 per cent by the end of PM Modi's current term.
The Reserve Bank of India is likely to hold rates in the September credit policy. What's your take on the interest rate scenario, given the inflationary situation?
It's clear that for the central bank, inflation took precedence over growth in deciding the rates trajectory. Inflation is the single-largest factor that's keeping the RBI from easing rates. Headline inflation is now within the RBI's target inflation of 8 per cent for this year. If inflation softens further, as expected, RBI may ease rates towards the end of this year. At the same time, it seeks support from the government to tackle the supply side and the fiscal situation. Of course, RBI cannot directly influence food inflation, but its policies can have an indirect effect on inflation expectations. The inflation expectations are running high and that also needs to moderate. It has been embedded in the mindset for too long and RBI needs to work towards changing that.
Steady corporate earnings, improving industrial output, easing inflationary situation and a stable domestic currency are giving a ray of hope to economic recovery. Would you agree?
There's no doubt in my mind that the worst is over. The external equation has turned around while measures to contain gold imports worked well. The sentiment got a further boost after elections: all this is making things easier for the RBI. I read reports that RBI was buying dollars to keep the rupee from appreciating — this is a remarkable development from where India was in the middle of last year. This also helps RBI accumulate reserves which further becomes a source of stability. If monsoon indeed remains deficient, it may moderate rural demand outlook, but I do not see a big spike in inflation.
Foreign institutional investors have invested over $13 billion into Indian equities this year. Do you think higher FII flows are sustainable after the slowdown in August investments?
Foreign flows have been encouraging and we expect that momentum to continue for India. At a time when the scare around global liquidity squeeze is still on, India has enough domestic catalysts to keep the investors coming back. India may be at an inflection point and continue attract foreign capital. Plus, India is one of the most diversified emerging markets which provide foreign investors with enough opportunities to rotate investments within the country in periods of varying risk perception.
The cyclical stocks have come under pressure after their disappointing first quarter earnings (Q1 FY15). Is the hope rally fading?
Things on ground are yet to improve notably, but markets always run ahead of time... they lead. There is enough operational leverage in the system which could facilitate smart earnings recovery when growth returns.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Saudi Arabia keeps Oct crude supply steady to AsiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

EU adopts new package of sanctions against RussiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Morgan Stanley to pay $95 million in U.S. mortgage-debt settlementThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

U.S. stocks mixed to lower on slumping energy firms; Dow falls 0.15%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Dollar Jumps on Yen  Gives Japanese Stocks a LiftYou are here: Home Market
Dollar Sweeps Higher, Japan Shares Shy From Peaks
Reuters | Updated On: September 09, 2014 11:49 (IST)
European Shares Fall as Fed, Scotland Dominate
Sydney: The US dollar held on to broad-based gains in Asia on Tuesday in a boon for shares of Japanese exporters but a burden for oil, gold and stocks in the energy majors.
As the dollar finally broke to a six-year peak on the yen and a one-year top on the euro, Brent oil sank to 16-month lows while gold carved out a three-month trough.
A falling yen tends to be viewed as positive for Japanese exporters and corporate profits, and helped nudge the Nikkei to its highest close since January.
The broader Topix added 0.2 per cent but again failed to clear stiff resistance at this year's peak of 1,308.08. A break there would put it on ground last trod in July 2008.
According to Nomura Securities, a fall of 1 yen against the dollar boosts aggregate operating profits at Topix firms by 300 billion yen.
Markets elsewhere in the region were subdued, with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan down a slight 0.1 per cent.
Despite market concerns over China's economy, stocks there have been buoyed by talk of more stimulus and reform measures.
The CSI300 of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings edged higher on Tuesday having put in its best performance in a year last week with gains of almost 5 per cent.
Financial spreadbetters in Europe predicted opening losses of between 0.3 and 0.4 per cent for the FTSE 100, DAX and CAC 40.
On Wall Street, the Dow closed down 0.15 per cent, while the S&P 500 fell 0.31 per cent but the Nasdaq eked out a 0.2 per cent gain.
Energy led the decline, with the S&P energy index off 1.6 per cent and Exxon Mobil down 1.5 per cent.
Investors were eagerly awaiting the launch of new products by Apple later on Tuesday in a much-hyped event at Cupertino, California.
Apple has fed high expectations, with promises by executives that the company's best product pipeline in 25 years is being readied inside its secretive facilities.
Dollar Up, Pound Down
In currencies, the dollar index climbed as far as 84.496, bringing into view the July 2013 peak of 84.753. A break there will take it to highs not seen since July 2010.
Giving bulls encouragement was research from the San Francisco Fed which noted that investors are pricing in a lower trajectory for interest rates rises than members of the Fed itself are.
"The market's interpretation is that perhaps it had better re-price those expectations," said Emma Lawson, senior currency strategist at National Australia Bank.
As a result, yields on 10-year US Treasuries rose to 2.490 percent, up from a low of 2.3870 touched last Friday after the soft August payrolls report.
The greenback raced to a high of 106.33 yen, while the euro slumped to a low of $1.2868. Investors were already giving the common currency a wide berth after the European Central Bank surprised on Thursday with a fresh round of stimulus.
Sterling was nailed to 10-month lows after a second opinion poll found a marked increase in support for Scottish independence just 10 days before the country votes on whether to break away from the United Kingdom.
The TNS poll found support for independence had risen six points to 38 per cent, just a pip behind the 'No' camp at 39 per cent. That follows a YouGov poll that showed approval of independence at 51 per cent against the unity camp's 49 per cent, the first to find a majority for a 'Yes' vote.
The YouGov poll caused tremors in financial markets on Monday, knocking the pound lower and hurting stocks of companies with a large Scottish presence. Sterling was at a fresh trough of $1.6066 on Tuesday in Asia.
The gains for the dollar meant losses for commodities, with gold down at $1,255.40 an ounce after losing more than 1 per cent on Monday.
Brent crude oil eased another 24 cents to $99.96 per barrel, after slumping as far as $99.36 overnight, the lowest since May 2013. US crude managed a modest bounce of 25 cents to $92.91.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

 Dow  S&P 500 End Lower After Drop in Energy SharesYou are here: Home Market
Dow, S&P 500 End Lower Following Drop in Energy Shares
Reuters | Updated On: September 09, 2014 07:29 (IST)
New York: The Dow and S&P 500 ended lower on Monday after a drop in energy shares, while the Nasdaq edged higher with Yahoo.
The S&P 500's decline followed a record close on Friday.
Energy led the day's decline, with the S&P energy index off 1.6 per cent. Shares of Exxon Mobil fell 1.5 per cent and Schlumberger's were down 2.1 per cent, among the biggest drags on the S&P 500.
A stronger dollar pushed dollar-denominated commodities lower. The US dollar rose to its highest in over a year, while US crude fell 0.7 per cent.
"What you have as much as anything, the market is just consolidating some recent gains," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia.
"The dollar is rallying and, as a consequence, you see the commodity complex getting clobbered. Energy is taking a blow, so that's making a dent."
Helping the Nasdaq, shares of Yahoo jumped 5.6 per cent to $41.81, their highest close since January 11, 2006, in anticipation of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's initial public offering. Yahoo has a 22.4 per cent stake in Alibaba.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 25.94 points or 0.15 per cent, to 17,111.42, the S&P 500 lost 6.18 points or 0.31 per cent, to 2,001.53 and the Nasdaq Composite added 9.39 points or 0.2 per cent, to 4,592.29.
Recent market momentum has been driven by accommodative Fed policy, including bond purchases and low interest rates. Research from the San Francisco Federal Reserve indicated investors expect rates to stay low for longer than the central bank itself does.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Cheetah Mobile, up 12.79 per cent, while the largest percentage decliner was Halcon Resources, down 7.58 per cent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were US-listed shares of Petrobras, down 5.31 per cent to $18.35, and Ambev SA, down 2.39 per cent to $6.95.
Besides Yahoo, Apple, down 0.6 per cent at $98.36 and Microsoft, up 1.2 per cent to $46.47 were among the most actively traded.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,876 to 1,143, for a 1.64-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,525 issues rose and 1,200 fell for a 1.27-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The broad S&P 500 index posted 45 new 52-week highs and three new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 78 new highs and 26 new lows.
About 5.2 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, near the 5.3 billion average for the last five sessions, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

PRECIOUS-Gold hovers near 3-month low  dollar strength weighsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Liberia will see thousands of new Ebola cases: WHOepidemic and plague
The United States and Britain will send medical equipment and military personnel to help contain West Africa’s Ebola outbreak, as the World Health Organization (WHO) has warned that many thousands of new infections are expected in Liberia in the coming weeks.
The current Ebola outbreak is the largest on record. It has spread from Guinea to Sierra Leone, Liberia, Nigeria and Senegal and killed more than 2,000 people.
An “exponential increase” in new cases is expected in the hardest-hit countries in coming weeks, the UN health agency warned on Monday.
“As soon as a new Ebola treatment facility is opened, it immediately fills to overflowing with patients, pointing to a large but previously invisible caseload,” WHO said in a statement about the situation in Liberia. “Many thousands of new cases are expected in Liberia over the coming three weeks.”
So far more than 3,500 people have been infected, nearly half of them in Liberia. The outbreak has taken a particularly heavy toll on health workers. The World Health Organization announced on Monday that one of its doctors working in Sierra Leone has been infected with Ebola.
In response to the spiralling disaster, US President Barack Obama said on Sunday that the military would help to set up isolation units and provide security for public health workers responding to the outbreak.
Military personnel will set up a 25-bed field hospital in the Liberian capital, Col Steven Warren, a Pentagon spokesman, said on Monday. The clinic will be used to treat health care workers, a high number of whom have become infected in this outbreak.
Once set up, the centre will be turned over to the Liberian government. There is no plan to staff it with US military personnel, Col. Warren said. Liberia welcomed the news.
“This is not Liberia’s particular fight; it is a fight that the international community must engage very, very seriously and bring all possible resources to bear,” said Information Minister Lewis Brown.
In addition, Britain will open a 62-bed treatment centre in Sierra Leone in the coming weeks. It will be operated by military engineers and medical staff with help from the charity Save the Children, Britain’s Department for International Development said on Monday.

Obama vows continued cooperation with IraqThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Amid high expectations  Apple to unveil new devicesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Buy....thomas cook....at cmp....intraday....target....149....152....sl...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Yes  your observation is correct. 15% votes were against some of the r...Did someone see the voting result..
some institutional investor/investors (dont no if its 1 or more than 1) have voted AGAINST:
1. Appointment of Ramesh Genomal
2. Appointment of Nari Genomal
3. Appointment of Shamir Genomal..
Shares voted against was: 572811 shares..
=====================
someone on the message board had attended the AGM... can he shed light on who it was and were there any shareholders who were grumbling/annoyed?..
What was the reason to oppose the promoter`s reappointment..
Surely help all investors..

Dear hs  i am very curious to know the reasons for the non stop zoom ...71 Followers
Dear Vijay my friend,
The most important thing is to ensure that we do our homework properly.. If the analysis is correct about a share then the returns will be good... Rest is all patience.. If you are convinced the story is good then nothing should deter your decision making.. For you this share has gone the full cycle so you know better about this share than anybody here.. I have seen you here since 2009 or so .. isnt it..You have waited for 5 years ..wait for few more..
The most important thing is that the CDR gets functional soon and the captive power kicks in... These two things will rerate Rohit.. Also we have not seen anything bad being done by promoters all these years..so their credibility is ok.. they alloted themselves at high price so they know the worth of their company...
Iron ore prices are falling and will continue to fall so their margins should improve going forward..If India is to transformed into a super power then it cant do without steel n cement..So dont give up.. Remember its darkest before the dawn..N the dawn is coming soon..
Regards

Ongc may hit new lifetime highs today. charts indicating some big move...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

India grows at fastest rate in two yearsAugust 29, 2014 3:18 pm
India’s economy expands at fastest rate in two years
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c887dc4a-2f78-11e4-a79c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi prioritises factories and sanitationAugust 15, 2014 6:50 am
Modi prioritises factories and toilets in Independence Day speech
By Victor Mallet in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/16335128-2438-11e4-be8e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hyde Park s retail revival is on a rollHyde Park's retail revival is on a roll
Terrence Antonio James, Chicago Tribune
For years, some Hyde Parkers lamented having to leave the community to catch a show or buy a belt. Now, a restaurant and a cinema at 53rd Street and Harper Avenue, above, and new shops nearby have given the retail corridor a “fresh, vibrant and young” vibe.
For years, some Hyde Parkers lamented having to leave the community to catch a show or buy a belt. Now, a restaurant and a cinema at 53rd Street and Harper Avenue, above, and new shops nearby have given the retail corridor a “fresh, vibrant and young” vibe. (Terrence Antonio James, Chicago Tribune)
A hip Hyde Park? Retail remake paying off.
University of Chicago's retail redo, up close.
If you haven't been to Hyde Park in a year, you should see it now.
Chef Matthias Merges said he hesitated at first when the University of Chicago asked him several years ago to open a restaurant in Hyde Park. The owner of acclaimed Yusho and Billy Sunday in hipster haven Logan Square loved the diverse and tightknit South Side neighborhood, but would it have enough bustle to support his dining concepts?
Nine months after opening the upscale French-Italian restaurant A10 on 53rd Street, part of a sweeping university-led effort to revive Hyde Park's commercial core, Merges has an answer.
"It has crushed our expectations," said Merges, who this fall plans to open a second Yusho location in Hyde Park, at 53rd and Kimbark Avenue. "It's like people have been waiting for businesses to come down and help revitalize it."
Tribune Graphics
The decadelong, multimillion-dollar effort to rejuvenate Hyde Park, widely known for its museums and academics, but not as a terribly cool place to hang out, has been on a roll in the past year, with a flurry of new businesses open in the redeveloped Harper Court shopping center and with business owners reporting positive results.
Kilwin's Chocolates and Fudge is one of the 28 new businesses that have opened in the past three years along the 53rd Street corridor, the focus of the redevelopment. Franchise owner Jackie Jackson said her sales are double what they were at the Kilwin's she ran for five years in the heart of the tony Old Town neighborhood. Jackson, who lives in Hyde Park and opened the shop in December 2012, said she started turning a profit this year for the first time since she went into business in 2008.
Jackson was able to open the second shop because the university offered a rent abatement and help with her build-out. She closed her Old Town store a year ago after vandals broke the windows there, the third break-in at the site, she said, and is focusing on Hyde Park, where she feels overwhelming support.
8
"I think this neighborhood is more receptive," Jackson said. "Because Hyde Park was underserved, people are very excited."
Across the street, at the Hyatt Place, which opened in September 2013 at Harper Court, revenues are exceeding expectations by 25 percent, and occupancy is 10 percent above projections, said general manager Anthony Beach. Average room rates are just $5 less than its downtown competitors, a mark of high demand, he said.
Most of the hotel guests are visiting the University of Chicago school or medical center (the hotel offers a shuttle to both), but some are McCormick Place conference attendees, who Beach said are important for shedding widespread misconceptions about the neighborhood.
"We had a number of reservations cancel on us at first when they heard we were on the South Side. We hear it all the time from travelers who say they've heard terrible things about the South Side," said Beach, who grew up in the Englewood neighborhood and attended Hyde Park Career Academy for high school.
The hotel's ability to show off the neighborhood to visitors "gives more of a national and an international appeal to the area," he said.
An estimated $320 million in combined university, public and private investments has gone toward revitalizing Hyde Park, according to an economic impact report the South East Chicago Commission published last year.
With the newly restored movie theater, buzz-worthy restaurants and several upscale retail boutiques, Jackson said she has heard people calling 53rd Street a "baby Rush Street." Others describe it as "a hipster neighborhood" or "a little Bucktown or Wicker Park" — surprising to anyone who hasn't visited Hyde Park in the past year.
Some are disconcerted by the comparisons.
cComments
Hear! Hear! We live about three miles north of Hyde Park (but, as a U of C alum, still consider myself a Hyde Parker) and have talked up the need for a CTA train route along the lakefront for many years. With all this development north and, now, south of us, the need is greater than ever.
ringfan96
Growing up in Hyde Park, Kiara Sinclair and Alia Ramirez remember saying they needed more things to do in the neighborhood — "but not like this," said Ramirez, 20.
"I think they're trying to make it a Lincoln Park," said Sinclair, 27.
Tensions simmer over Hyde Park businesses that were forced to relocate or close as the university bought a half-dozen properties and angled for a tenant mix that would turn 53rd Street into a more bustling retail strip. The university, Hyde Park's largest landowner, owns about eight of the 36 buildings along the 53rd Street shopping strip, which runs about five blocks from Lake Park to Woodlawn avenues.
One salon owner, Akroma Kourouma Sahan, fought back in court when she was told her lease at 1459 E. 53rd St. would be terminated two years early to make way for part of the Chicago Innovation Exchange, an incubator and co-working space for entrepreneurs. An April verdict mandated that Sahan Motherland Salon and Spa relocate, citing unpaid rent, which Sahan denies.
Mike Allen, owner of Hyde Park Cigars, still resents being "kicked out" of the same building just after he had completed a $100,000 renovation of his cigar lounge, he said, and he was offered no relocation assistance. Now a block away, in a shop about one-fourth the size of his original, Hyde Park Cigars retained its loyal following, but business has declined, Allen said.
For its part, the university said that it offered everyone relocation assistance, but that Allen declined it.
Business turnover isn't the only lightning rod.
A group of residents who oppose the size of the planned 13-story Vue53 apartment complex filed a lawsuit alleging that the city acted in an "arbitrary and capricious" manner when it approved the zoning change for the development, which will bring 267 residential units and 30,000 square feet of retail to a former Mobil gas station site at 53rd and Kimbark owned by the university.
A judge dismissed the lawsuit, saying that not all neighbors were properly notified of its filing, and the plaintiffs have appealed. Vue53 is set to begin construction in September and open in 2016.
All the activity has fueled a rise in retail rental rates. Five years ago, when new projects were under construction, asking rents at the Hyde Park Shopping Center, the main center at the time, were about $30 per square foot. The market is now demanding closer to $40 per square foot, with rates as high as $45 per square foot at Vue53 and Harper Court, said Peter Caruso, a retail real estate broker at Chicago-based JLL, formerly known as Jones Lang LaSalle.
The increase is comparable to what has been seen in trendy neighborhoods such as Wicker Park and Logan Square, Caruso said.
State figures reflect the surge in business. Retail sales generated in the 60615 ZIP code, which encompasses the area bordered roughly by 47th Street to 55th Street and State Street to the lake, jumped to $444 million in 2013 from $136 million the year before, according to figures from the Illinois Department of Revenue.
To be sure, the U. of C. has a vested interest in boosting Hyde Park's profile, as competes for top students and faculty with other premier schools. But the project began more than a decade ago with a request for help from then-Ald. Toni Preckwinkle and involved years of community input, the university said. The project benefits new and current businesses and residents, who for years had to leave the neighborhood to catch a show or buy a belt.
Preckwinkle, alderman of the 4th Ward for 20 years and now Cook County Board president, said endemic racism for years has kept Hyde Park under-retailed, because it is difficult to get national chains, in particular, to look at black and Hispanic neighborhoods. Hyde Park, though highly mixed in race and income, is viewed as part of the larger, mostly African-American South Side.
She understands the nostalgia for the street of decades past, "but we have a more diverse retail environment and lots more people in the street, and that's a good thing," she said.
Ironically, she noted, the dearth of retail in neighboring communities benefits Hyde Park stores because people flock there.
Upon completion, the 53rd Street revitalization will have created 1,320 jobs, the university estimates, and it encourages its tenants and contractors to fill them with hires from five South Side ZIP codes. At the Hyatt, 65 percent of the staff are from one of those five ZIP codes, said Beach, the general manager.
The Chicago Innovation Exchange, scheduled to open in October, is expected to draw 120 to 200 scholars and entrepreneurs to the neighborhood daily.
Harper Court opened in November after being financed by a combination of university, private and public money. Now, 560 university employees occupy a 150,000-square-foot office tower, and the 53,000 square feet of retail space is about 80 percent leased.

Informer demands 200 crore for taxtip-off  moves SCComments
A man has moved the Supreme Court claiming bounty from the Centre for having helped one of its ministries recover excise duty to the tune of Rs. 990 crore from Cairn Energy Pvt Ltd and ONGC, who together allegedly manufactured ‘commingled crude oil’ and sold it in the market without paying excise duty on the product.
Nashik-based Kishor stated in his petition he was entitled to 20% of Rs. 990 crore as reward under a scheme introduced by the ministry of petroleum and natural gas in 2001. He gave his complaint to the ministry in 2006, while the duty was finally collected in 2011.
Kishor has moved the apex court challenging a Bombay High Court judgment that denied him the reward on the ground that he could not claim it as a matter of right.
A bench of Justice AR Dave and Justice Vikramjit Sen have issued notice to the ministry of petroleum and natural gas, ministry of revenue and finance and director general of central excise, intelligence wing for their response to Kishor’s plea.
The court is keen to ascertain whether the department had recovered the amount subsequent to Kishor’s complaint against the joint venture for evading excise duty.
According to Kishor’s lawyer, Manoj Saxena, his client wrote to the ministry in December, 2006 and got a response in May, 2007 confirming the central excise intelligence had initiated investigation into the matter.
When he asked for the award, the ministry said it would be decided on completion of the probe. Kishor moved court when there was no further response.
Before the high court, the ministry had said the probe was conducted on a letter from a member of Parliament.
Kishor, however, claimed that the MP had forwarded his complaint for action.

Google hosts meetings across Europe on privacy rightsAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Investing.com sentiment report: euro shorts increase last weekSep 08, 2014, 03.26 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Investing.com sentiment report: euro shorts increase last week
Investing.com sentiment report: euro shorts increase last week
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Investing.com sentiment report: euro shorts increase last week
Investing.com sentiment report: euro shorts increase last week
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The Investing.com weekly sentiment index published on Monday revealed that market players trimmed their bullish bets on the euro in the week ending September 5.
According to the report, 39.9% held long positions in EUR/USD last week, down from 42.8% in the preceding week. A reading between 30% and 50% is bearish for the instrument.
Meanwhile, 54.3% of investors were long in GBP/USD, compared to 58.8% a week earlier.
Elsewhere, 61.7% of market participants held long positions in USD/JPY last week, up from 61.5% a week earlier, while 49.5% of investors were long USD/CHF, compared to 51.0% in the preceding week.
Amongst the commodity-linked currencies, 48.7% were long USD/CAD, down from 48.8% a week earlier, 59.6% held long positions in AUD/USD, compared to 61.6% in the preceding week, while 61.9% were long NZD/USD, down from 65.0% a week earlier.
The report also showed that 68.1% of market players held long positions in gold last week, up from 65.2% a week earlier.
In the equities market, 25.5% of market participants held long positions in the S&P 500 last week, down from 31.9% in the previous week.
A reading between 50%-70% is bullish for the instrument, a reading between 30% and 50% is bearish, a reading above 70% indicates overbought conditions and a reading below 30% indicates oversold conditions.
The Investing.com series of indexes is developed in-house. Each index measures overall exposure to major currency pairs, commodities and indexes, using data from futures exchanges and OTC providers on all long and short open positions.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Sushma Swaraj refuses to ink  full stop  against PakistanAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

To launch SUV in H12015; hopeful on Guj plant vote: MarutiWe haven't made a Plan B [on the Gujarat plant vote]. I don't think it will go against us.
RC Bhargava
Chairman
Maruti Suzuki
In an exclusive interview, CNBC-TV18’s Shereen Bhan spoke with RC Bhargava, chairman of Maruti Suzuki India , to discuss the company’s upcoming plant in Gujarat, which attracted some controversy early this year, as well as its business plans with respect to new products and markets.
Below is the transcript of the interview on CNBC-TV18.
Q: Let me get you to address the news that is making headlines today and that is the fact that the Haryana government has halted everything at your R&D facility in Rohtak due to the lack of an environment clearance. This is not a new issue but do you believe that a resolution is now only possible post the Haryana elections once the new regime is in place?
A: I think a resolution is partly in the courts. The matter is sub judice so it is difficult to talk about the merits of the case. However, the answer ultimately will lie in some amendment to the environmental rules and regulations that were made by the previous government, which gave rise to this kind of situation.
Q: Let me ask you about the other issue which created controversy a couple of months ago and now of course is perhaps going to be voted on (by minority shareholders) very shortly from hereon -- the Gujarat contract agreement between you and Suzuki. I understand that you have been meeting investors: FIIs, domestic institutions. Where do things currently stand, have you been able to generate enough support?
A: We have met investors all over the world. All the major investors we have met in the US, UK, Hong Kong, Singapore and of course in India, mostly in Mumbai and Chennai. No investor has anything to say adverse against the proposed arrangement.
Q: So you have been able to convince them?
A: Foreign investors are almost 100 percent positive on this. Some of the Indian investors came up with two interesting things. One is they said we cannot believe that any arrangement of this kind can be a win-win for both parties because in this business, we think it is always a zero-sum game. They don't believe that it can be a win-win, which actually it is a win-win because it leverages the low cost money available in Japan.
Q: Are they expressing this reservation even after the reworked agreement that has been put out?
A: They just don't like to believe. The second thing is some of them think this gives us an opportunity to apply a little pressure on Maruti and do a little arm-twisting. So, while the main issue they won’t contest but for example they say, we want you to give higher dividend , declare a dividend policy and do something with Suzuki on royalty rates.
So, that kind of pressure is being brought. It has nothing to do with the subject of vote but the opportunity is being used to put pressure in other areas.
Q: Did you agree to revision as far as the royalty rates are concerned or on the dividend issue because, as you said, pressure is being built on you?
A: Suzuki had changed the royalty policy earlier because we had been discussing this for a long time. For all licence agreements of new products which we will sign hereafter, royalty will be expressed in rupees on the Indian price of the car. It means that what has been happening over the last four years in terms of the royalty being exposed to the yen fluctuation will cease. We will have certainty on the amount of royalty to be paid.
The second change that has also been made is that to the extent any future model there is an Indian content in the development -- in other words the Rohtak R&D will put in efforts into it -- to that extent, the royalty will be adjusted downwards.
Q: What kind of downward revision because now most of the products are being co-developed?
A: It will depend how much work is done here. For each product, this will have to be assessed and the amount worked out.
Q: Going back to the point that you mentioned that the royalty rate will now be determined on rupee terms as opposed to yen terms, again there are question marks on the decision because the view is that on account of what is happening with the yen versus the US dollar, this is a decision being taken once again to benefit Suzuki?
A: I don't think any company wants to take exchange rate risk. What we are doing by expressing the royalty in yen is that we are assuming the exchange rate risk. Nobody can predict where exchange rates will move over the long term. So the question is who should take the exchange rate risks? Early on, Suzuki was assuming the risk. When the government allowed a change in royalty, Suzuki went to the system of charging royalty in yen on the grounds that their R&D costs were in Yen and therefore they would like to get royalty in yen because the royalty is a kind of deferred payment on the cost of doing R&D.
However since we kept telling Suzuki that we are less able to handle this exchange rate risk, you have global operations and you are better able to sort of diversify your risks, we feel it is better you take the risks rather than us. So they finally agreed. Actually we have been discussing this with them for about one and half years that this exchange risk to us is…
Q: (Interrupts) what has been the reaction from investors as far as this particular change is concerned?
A: They are happy with this because at least they know what it is. The main thing in most of these investors is they want certainty about what is going to happen. They don't like volatility and a situation where they are not able to project what the margins would be or what the earnings will be because you can't do it if there is an exchange risk involved. At the moment, the yen has weakened but not all that much. It has gone from 100 to 105 today but what will happen three years from today, who can predict?
Q: So as far as the issue of royalty and dividend is concerned since you clearly said that that is being used to arm-twist you to get the support of domestic institutions. Minus that do you believe that you are going to be in trouble as far as domestic institutional support is concerned for Gujarat?
A: No, there is no issue raised. Almost everybody accepts that this is very much beneficial to Maruti. Nobody can actually point out a reason why it is not. All that they (domestic institutional investors) say is, yes, we recognise it is beneficial but we can't believe it is a win-win, so there must be something else which we don't know.
Q: So when does this come up for vote. I believe you are looking at the possibility of October?
A: It is one of the possibilities but it is not yet decided. We have yet to take a view on when would be the right time.
Q: What are you waiting for? Are you waiting to try and muster up more support?
A: No, we don't think there is more support. We have met everybody, so that story is over.
Q: The LICs of the world are onboard?
A: We have had three meetings with LIC and they seem to be quite onboard.
Q: If the minority vote goes against you -- and we have seen a fair degree of activism especially in the last couple of months -- is there a plan B?
A: We haven't made a plan B yet.
Q: But don't you think you may need to keep a plan B in place in case the minority vote goes against you?
A: No, I don't think we need a plan B. I don't think it will go against us.
Q: You are absolutely certain about that?
A: That is our judgement. That it can't go against us. It will be too perverse to go against us.
Q: So if not October, what is the earliest that we can actually see this go to vote?
A: I can't give you a date yet.
Q: Any particular reason why there is still some doubt on when this is actually going to go to vote?
A: No, but we have to see what the correct timing for doing this is going to be.
Q: Are you pushing back the plans as far as commissioning Gujarat is concerned?
A: No, that is carrying on as we had planned. In any case Maruti can continue to invest there and when the vote takes place after that we will just transfer all that to Suzuki and they will reimburse the money.
Q: But you are not reviewing your plans on commissioning Gujarat at this point in time. It is on track and on schedule?
A: No. The recent news report was strange news because we have said we should commission it by 2017 at least for the last year and half. So why suddenly somebody would say we postponed it by a year now, I am not sure. In any case earlier date was 2015. So if we postponed it is two years, not one year.
Q: Do you believe that there is a fear that you may be spreading yourself to thin in light commercial vehicles (LCVs), sport utility vehicle (SUVs)? You are of course the small car specialist, that is where your bulk of money comes in from.
A: SUV is very much a part of our car segment. So that is natural course of development for us
Q: Except that you had a disastrous launch, the relaunch in that segment with the Vitara?
A: Sorry, we have never been in the SUV segment.
Q: Why, the Vitara is an SUV?
A: That is a 100 percent imported SUV at a price the same on par with the Honda CRVs and how many do they sell. But the big domestic market for SUVs is over 500,000 today. It constitutes about 21 percent of the car market. So we are number one player in India. Can we afford not to be in 21 percent of the market and leave it to anybody who wants to get in the market? People are getting into it, the domestic and foreign players. So what is special about Hyundai or a Ford or a GM that they should get into the SUV market and we shouldn’t.
Q: So, how soon are we going to see the Maruti SUVs localised, priced for the Indian market out in the market?
A: The first SUV we will see in the first half of next year.
Q: And what kind of pricing are you looking at?
A: It will be in the same segment as the Duster. So it has to be priced competitively with the Duster.
Q: What kind of margins will you enjoy on those kind of products?
A: I don’t know at this point. A second SUV will happen one year after that which will be the compact SUV and that being in the same segment as the Honda Mobilio. We will have to price competitively that way. So pricing has to be competitive.
Q: Let me ask you about the light commercial vehicle (LCV) plans and how soon we are actually going to see you put that out into the market as well and what the strategy is going to be there?
A: The LCV is due again early next year, first half of next year but our marketing strategy there is still being evolved I don’t think we are going to launch the SUV across the country in one go. We are going to go a little bit gradually in spreading its coverage because it is a product and a segment, which we have never entered before.
The sale of LCVs is to a different class of customer. It requires the sales and service organisation a different mindset and we need to learn that.
So we don’t think we should in that area spread ourselves too thin by trying to cover all parts of India in one go.
Q: So you will set up specific dealers so on and so forth?
A: We will go slowly and keep acquiring knowledge and skills on how to sell this product and ensure that when we give the product to a customer he remains a happy customer after that. So it will take a little time to cover all of India. It is not something we are going to rush into.
Q: But again, what is the strategy as far as these new markets are concerned in terms of profitability?
A: We never do a product -- knowingly at least -- which is not profitable and the SUV will conform to our minimum standards of profitability, we will always look for that.
The Gypsy was also in a sense in the SUV segment. But it had a very limited market, it was four wheel drive, it was petrol.
The problem in India is that the SUV segment is totally diesel. We couldn’t enter this segment earlier because we didn’t have diesel options. So the reason we have delayed entry into the SUV is not that we didn’t recognise that this is a sector we should be in.
Suzuki is in the SUV sector the world over, but they couldn’t succeed in India because of the fuel issues. But now that the diesel issue has been sorted out and we have a diesel engine, we are entering the SUV segment. The only new segment is that LCV.
Q: On the LCV again, because it is already a business where there are a lot of entrenched players in the market. So you are not going to be the first mover in that sense. What kind of profitability can you expect there?
A: Again the same question of getting the minimum return on our investment. We won’t enter a segment if we didn’t think we could make a profit. So we will aim to get the kind of profit we are getting on other products but as I said we will go slowly in this segment.
So it may take a little time to get to the full profit levels but we don’t see any reason why once we have fully got the hang of this business, the SUV segment should not be as profitable as the car segment.
Maruti Suzuki stock price
On September 10, 2014, Maruti Suzuki India closed at Rs 2910.30, down Rs 0.65, or 0.02 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2963.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 1301.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 96.45 per share as per the quarter ended March 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 30.17. The latest book value of the company is Rs 694.45 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.19.
RELATED NEWS

Now  Digvijay Singh all praise for bete noire Narendra ModiAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

IPR policy by 2015: NirmalaNew Delhi, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 9, 2014 01:41 IST
IPR policy soon, says Minister
Special Correspondent
Nirmala Sitharaman, Minister of State for Commerce and Industry addresing a press conference in New Delhi on Monday. With her is Narendra Singh Tomar, Minister for Labour and Employment. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
TOPICS
patent, copyright and trademark
To address issues on Intellectual Property Rights regime
Following complaints raised by US companies on India's intellectual property rights (IPR) regime, the Modi Government has decided to come out with a policy framework on by early 2015. It has also at decided to disallow foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail, Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said here on Monday.
“We are clear that FDI will not be allowed in multi-brand retail trade in line with the position the BJP had articulated in its manifesto on the basis of which we won the elections,” Ms. Sitharaman said. She was addressing a press conference on the steps taken by the Modi government in its first 100 days.
The Minister, however, added that at the moment there was no move to reverse the notification by the UPA government to open up the multi-brand retail sector, allowing up to 51 per cent FDI.
On its IPR policy plans, the minister said, “India does not have an IPR policy. This is the first time Government will come out with an IPR policy… Developed nations are picking holes in India’s IPR regime because we do not have any policy.”
“India has a well established legal framework for IPR but it is important to spell out policy,” Industry Secretary Amitabh Kant said, adding that in August the Union Cabinet had approved of 1,033 additional staff for India’s Patent Office to clear pending applications.

Apex court asks CBI director to reply on averments against himApex court asks CBI director to reply on averments against him
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 8:  
The Supreme Court today said that averments made against CBI Director Ranjit Sinha, arising out of entry list at his residence, are “serious” in nature and directed him to respond to the allegations in “black and white“.
The apex court took serious objection to the director’s submission that he would not like to file an affidavit on the averments and would counter the allegations orally.
“The averments are serious and the CBI director can’t say he won’t file an affidavit,” a bench headed by Justice H L Dattu said.
Senior advocate Vikas Singh, appearing for Sinha, submitted that he doesn’t want to file an affidavit as it would impact the trial in 2G scam case and also said that the court should not hear the issue without knowing the source of information as the averments were made on the basis of privileged communication and highly secret CBI file notings.
The Bench, however, refused to accept his plea, saying that it is monitoring the 2G case and very serious allegations have been sought to be made against him.
The court said that if the CBI director doesn’t file an affidavit, then it will proceed with the case and non-filing of a response would also draw adverse inference against him.
“What prevents you to file an affidavit on merit?” the Bench asked, adding, “Whatever you want to tell us, tell us in black and white.”
The CBI director, thereafter, agreed to file an affidavit in a sealed envelope.
The Bench allowed the director to file the response within a week and posted the case for further hearing on September 15.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Muslim outfit in India offer Rs 1 cr reward for killing of ISIS  Taliban chiefsLucknow Shia Muslim outfit offers Rs 1 cr reward for killing of ISIS, Taliban, JuD chiefs
PTI | Lucknow | Published:  Sep 08 2014, 22:18  IST
Sep 08 2014, 22:18  IST
 

Coal India s near-term prospects hinge on price increasesUjjval Jauhari |  New Delhi Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:48 PM IST
Coal India's near-term prospects hinge on price increases
Govt is committed to raising production and enhancing efficiency but these benefits will take some time to accrue
Coal India had hit a 52-week high of Rs 423.85 on June 11 in anticipation of faster clearances and consequent rise in output. The scrip has since cooled and trades at Rs 373. The production and sales data till August, below target, also fails to impress.
Though the government might be doing its bit, production growth is not likely to come soon. With volumes growing marginally and below target, the fuel supply agreement (FSA)-based price increases will be important to drive performance and provide a trigger to the stock price. In this backdrop and given the consensus one-year target price of Rs 395, from analysts polled on Bloomberg since the declaration of results, the upside for the stock is limited.
For the first five months ending August, Coal India’s production and dispatches at 175.9 million tonnes and 194.9 mt, up 5.1 per cent and 3.4 per cent over a year before, respectively, came below the targeted 183.9 mt and 209.2 mt. The company has targeted sales volumes at 520 mt in 2015-15 but analysts estimate it to achieve only 495-500 mt, up five to six per cent over the dispatch of 471 mt achieved in FY14. If the output and dispatch targets are to be achieved, it would require a faster pick-up in the coming months.
The government has given adequate concessions industry to boost production but analysts believe evacuation of the coal is a bigger challenge. Analysts at HSBC say this is the most difficult part of a production increase. It is the rail network that can boost volumes and laying new tracks and networks at new sites is likely to take time. The analysts say, “We believe that in two to three years, Coal India’s production increase is likely to be much better than its track record of the past few years.”
Thus, volumes are not likely to move up in a hurry. Other possible dampeners for the stock are the proposed stake sale by the government and the outcome of the Supreme Court’s verdict on coal mine allocations. Analysts say it is too early to draw any inference on what the court’s decision will be but if there is a large-scale de-allocation of mines, they will be reviewing the impact on Coal India’s e-auction volumes, which command better returns than what is supplied under FSAs. The government is also contemplating sale of stake to garner funds. This can add further pressure on the stock. Further, if workers protesting against divestment go on strike, as has been the case during previous occasions, expect some impact on production.
Given these concerns and the fact that analysts are not looking at a sudden upsurge in production and sales volumes, price increases by Coal India, anticipated for long, are seen as the only trigger for the stock in the near term.
Long-term investors can accumulate the stock at declines, however, since the company will be a winner once policy decisions taken by the government start reaping results. Efforts to enhance efficiency, including by a break-up of the company, will add to shareholder gain.
Analysts at Prabhudas Lilladher maintain a positive stance on the stock.
 Advertisements

Gowda: 80% of works mentioned in budget onNEW DELHI, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 9, 2014 01:52 IST
‘80% of works mentioned in budget on’
Sandeep Dikshit
The Hindu Railway Minister Sadananda Gowda during an interaction with media on 100 days of achievements of Railway during his tenure in New Delhi on Monday. Photo: Rajeev Bhatt.
TOPICS
railway
The Railway Ministry has started work on 80 per cent of the budgetary pronouncements and hopes to initiate work on the remaining within a month.
Most of the work in progress outlined by Railway Minister D.V. Sadananda Gowda at a news conference here on Monday related to improving the basics such as cleanliness, safety, security and punctuality. The Minister revealed that a meeting once every fortnight with the top brass would be devoted to monitoring the progress made in implementing budgetary promises.
Work relating to restructuring of the Railway Board or the proposal about merging the Railway budget with the Union budget is being handled by Prime Minister Narendra Modi along with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, Mr. Gowda said in response to a question from The Hindu.
Railway Board Chairman Arunendra Sinha said one set of studies for the proposed Ahmadabad-Mumbai bullet train had been completed and the submission of a business potential study was on the cards. “”It has been discussed, studies are being conducted,” he said.
Wooing private sector
As for inviting the private sector in a bigger way, Mr. Gowda said a model concession agreement should be ready in a month with a target of Rs. 6,000 crore during the year mainly in projects relating to first and last mile connectivity. The railways has received a poor response of four per cent against its previous budgetary expectations in this respect.
A ‘short duration’ committee on resource mobilisation will submit a report which will fine-tune the options before the railways.
There was some consternation at the press conference after some newspersons wanted to query the Minister on rape charges against his son. While officials wanted questions to be confined to the working of the Ministry, Mr. Gowda overruled them.
“I will answer,” said Mr. Gowda and proceeded to point out that he was not in a position to say anything because the issue was under investigation.

Sikka seeks staff view to improve operationsItika Sharma Punit |  Bangalore Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:46 AM IST
Sikka seeks staff view to improve operations
Vishal Sikka, the first non-founding chief executive officer (CEO) of India's second-largest information technology (IT) services company Infosys, is going all out to understand and overcome the challenges surrounding the company as well as to establish a strong bond with the 160,000-odd employees there.After spending time at several of the company's delivery locations in India over the past week and holding town hall discussions with employees, on Monday Sikka wrote to the company's staff seeki
Vishal Sikka, the first non-founding chief executive officer (CEO) of India's second-largest information technology (IT) services company Infosys, is going all out to understand and overcome the challenges surrounding the company as well as to establish a strong bond with the 160,000-odd employees there.
After spending time at several of the company's delivery locations in India over the past week and holding town hall discussions with employees, on Monday Sikka wrote to the company's staff seeking their views on how to improve Infosys.
"…we will launch a survey, across the whole company, to identify areas where you believe we can improve operationally. How we work. How we hire. How we develop software. How we engage with clients. Anything and everything that can help us deliver our absolute best to our clients who count on us to do so," Sikka who joined Infosys in August this year, wrote in the email.
According to company sources, Sikka had spoken about such a survey during his visit to Infosys' delivery centre in Pune last week. While he had told the teams in Pune that the survey would be launched last week itself, in Monday's email, he said it would be launched on September 10, 2014.
"Please participate and make your thoughts count. When we relentlessly execute, when we tirelessly look for better ways of doing things, our perspective gets wider, richer. And you can say it like you see it," he added in the email.
He encouraged employees to mention whatever they think is limiting the company and not refrained from sharing any opinions. "I invite you to clearly identify those bits of Infosys - those bits of us - that must change."
All the suggestions that are made through the survey would be taken into consideration, he said, adding the company is committed to decentralised work and empowering people. Experts believe such efforts from Sikka could, in certain ways, help Infosys tame its attrition level, which was at an all-time high of 19.5 per cent in the April-June quarter.
 Advertisements

Gowdas son gets anticipatory bail in rape caseGowda’s son gets anticipatory bail in rape case
Sudipto Mondal , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, September 08, 2014
First Published: 18:29 IST(8/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:11 IST(9/9/2014)
Comments
A Bangalore court on Monday granted anticipatory bail to railway minister Sadananda Gowda's son, Karthik Gowda, who has been accused of rape and cheating by a Kannada actress.
The court, however, impounded his passport and restrained him from leaving the city. He has been ordered to cooperate with the investigation and report to the police on the 15th and 30th of every month until the investigation is completed.
The court also warned Karthik against trying to tamper with evidence or threaten the complainant.
Watch: Won't interfere in son's case, insists railway minister
In her August 27 complaint, the actress had accused Karthik of marrying and then deserting her. She filed the complaint on the same day that Karthik got engaged to the daughter of a wealthy, Bangalore-based businessman.
The case played out on live television as she hopped studios and granted interviews where she detailed their alleged relationship to the last intimate detail. She also released audios of her purported phone conversations with Karthik.
The grant of bail comes as a huge relief to Karthik who has been absconding ever since the sensational complaint was filed against him. The days following the complaint have been marked by intense speculation in the media about his whereabouts and his possible arrest.
The police had formed multiple teams to track him down and even managed to secure an arrest warrant from a local court on Friday.
A senior police officer told HT on the condition of anonymity, "We tried our best to nab him and our teams had visited different parts of the country in his pursuit. We are not too disappointed by the bail granted to him. At least now, he will be forced to respond to our summons."
When notices to Karthik went unanswered, the police also emailed a notice to Sadananda Gowda's yahoo account and served hard copies at his residences in Mangalore and Bangalore. Interestingly, the email to Sadananda Gowda, which was sent on September 2, ends with "sorry for the inconvenience".

Air Force station joins rescue operations in J-K  evacuates 310 flood victims to cityThe rescued flood victims at the Air Force Station in Chandigarh on Monday. (Source: Express photo)
Written by Tanbir Dhaliwal | Chandigarh | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:21 am
‘Will worship Indian Air Force from today’
“In place of God, I will worship the Indian Air Force from today,” said Devinder Giri, who was airlifted to Chandigarh after he was rescued from flood-ravaged Srinagar on Monday.
An assistant civil engineer working with Geo Miller, Giri was among 310 flood victims who were evacuated by ‘Mighty Jet’, a Chandigarh-based IL 76 squadron of the Air Force, which is involved in the relief and rescue operations in Kashmir.
They included retired Major General  S K Dhiman, a Korean tourist couple and Fateh Mohammad, a patient in urgent need of dialysis who was taken to a private hospital immediately after he landed in Chandigarh. As many as 14 Armymen and two Air Force men were also rescued.
Recalled Giri, “On Saturday night, the water level started rising rapidly. I rushed to the second floor of the house, water reached there too. There were many other people.”
He added, “With the help of some other men, I made a make-shift raft with a log and some other articles. We used this floating device to reach a four-storey house.”
There, they spent several hours on the rooftop from where they were rescued by Air Force helicopters early on Sunday morning and taken to the local Air Force station, before being flown to Chandigarh.
Giri’s life is saved, but he is worried about his boss. “My boss and his family were also stuck in the same building. When the chopper came, my boss rushed to the third floor to bring his wife and children. However, before he could come back, the aircraft got full and could not bear more load.”
Puran Singh, who is from Delhi, works as an assistant manager with the Central Bank of India in Jawahar Nagar, Srinagar.
“On Sunday morning, I found water everywhere on my floor (third floor of the building). People were shouting and screaming, everybody was panicked. The water level kept rising. I rushed to the fourth floor,” Singh said.
He added, “Later, in  the morning, we saw a helicopter flying near our building. I borrowed a red dupatta from a woman and started waving, we got picked up. I am really thankful to the Air Force.’’
Mohammad Azhar from Muzaffarnagar, who makes aluminium doors in Srinagar, said the conditions there were horrifying.
“I saw people and houses being washed away. Though the local administration was making announcements, I could not understand much because these were being made in the local language,” he said.
Though Azhar was rescued, all his savings were washed away. He has no money to go back to his hometown.
“We have requested the UT Home Secretary to provide some financial help to the rescued people,” said an Air Force official.
Most of the rescued people are from UP, Bihar and Delhi. “They were given continued…

Bharti Airtel to sell 3 500 mobile towers in...Bharti Airtel to sell 3,500 mobile towers in Africa
ET Bureau Sep 9, 2014, 04.29AM IST
Tags:
Africa
(Airtel will lease back the…)
KOLKATA: Sunil Mittal-led Bharti Airtel will sell more than 3,500 of its mobile towers in six African countries to tower operator Eaton Towers in its bid to reduce costs, exit non-core businesses and raise cash in the run-up to the upcoming spectrum auctions.
India's No. 1 mobile carrier will lease back the towers from Eaton under a 10-year pact, both companies said in a joint statement on Monday, although they did not disclose the size of the 3,500-plus towers sale deal. Two people familiar with the transaction, however, told ET that the deal size would be close to $900 million (about Rs 5,400 crore).
In a note to clients, analysts at Phillip Capital said "the sale and leaseback model implies Bharti Airtel will get cash, equivalent to replacement cost of the towers, which works out in the $700-900 million (range)," adding that money was being raised by India's leading mobile operator to "prepare for the upcoming auctions".
Malawi, Niger, Ghana, Burkina Faso, Uganda and Kenya are the countries where Airtel's towers, which are part of the agreement with Eaton, are located. The agreements are subject to statutory and regulatory approvals in these African countries. "We are strong proponents of telecoms infrastructure sharing, which results in industry-wide cost efficiencies, and this agreement (with Eaton) represents the next phase of Airtel's growth journey in Africa," Manoj Kohli , chairman, Bharti Airtel International Netherlands BV (BAIN), said in a statement.
Kohli added the tower deal would "allow Airtel to focus on core business and customers, enable it to deleverage through debt reduction and would also significantly reduce its ongoing capex on passive infrastructure". Eaton Towers CEO Alan Harper said this "transformational deal" would give the company the most diversified tower portfolio across Africa.
It would expand Eaton's Africa footprint to seven countries with over 5.000 towers. Airtel's latest tower deal is part of its plans to divest most of its 15,000-plus towers in Africa, in a process that could reportedly raise up to $2 billion.
The Airtel-Eaton tower deal is also in the run-up to a potential sale of Airtel's Nigerian tower assets in under three weeks that is tipped to rake in over $1 billion. American Tower Co (ATC) is reportedly the front runner to buy Airtel's 4,000-odd towers in Nigeria, followed by IHS Towers.
In July, Bharti Airtel had agreed to sell some 3,100 towers in four African markets to Helios Towers. That deal was in line with Bharti Airtel's earlier position to "hive off non-core assets", especially since the proceeds from that transaction were expected to help the telco cut debt at its loss-making African operations, which have been a drag on its finances after it entered Africa four years ago.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Marin Cilic wins US Open titleThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Kashmir floods: phones down  roads submerged; toll touches 200  rescue ops onPlay Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
“The Indian Army will not move back to the barracks till the last man is brought to safety,” said General Dalbir Singh, chief of the army staff.
 
Video footage shot from army helicopters showed entire villages completely under water while residents were seen waving from rooftops as vehicles and livestock were washed away by the floodwaters.
State-run BSNL launched an operation with the army and air force to re-establish mobile services through satellite network, though officials said it would take more than a week for full restoration.
Read: Govt fights hard to save lives
 
The army headquarters in Delhi used social media to help send messages from anxious people across the country seeking to know about their missing relatives. It forwarded all distress messages received on its website, Facebook page and Twitter handle to a WhatsApp group, that included senior Northern Command officers
 
National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) rescuers received over 450 distress messages through WhatsApp and other social media platforms apart from SMSes about people stranded in submerged areas.
Watch: Monsoon floods kill hundreds in India, Pakistan
"We are not able to communicate with our teams sent on the ground in flood-ravaged areas. We were able to rescue some people after getting these messages. We have asked our commanders and control rooms to streamline these messages," said NDRF chief OP Singh said.
 
Rescue efforts were hampered by rains in Srinagar on Monday. With large swathes of the state cut off, the army distributed 23,000 litres of drinking water, 85 tonnes of medicines and 600 kg of biscuits in flood-affected areas.

After bribe sting  AAP hopes to gain political ground againAfter bribe sting, AAP hopes to gain political ground
Darpan Singh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 09, 2014
First Published: 01:09 IST(9/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:02 IST(9/9/2014)
Comments
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) hopes the sting video purportedly showing a senior BJP leader trying to bribe an AAP MLA will help itself strengthen its position both on legal and political fronts.
On Tuesday, the Centre has to come clean before the Supreme Court on whether Delhi gets an alternative government or goes in for fresh elections.
The AAP will submit the raw footage to the court to add credence to its stance that no party had the numbers to form a government.
Read: Congress demands impartial inquiry into AAP’s sting
The AAP is also hoping to gain politically and stall the BJP’s efforts to somehow put together the required numbers. The party feels Delhi Lieutenant Governor (L-G) Najeeb Jung will be discredited if he still invites the BJP to form a government.
“If L-G even now invites the BJP, questions are bound to be asked,” AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal said.
“We have been accusing the BJP of trying to poach our MLAs but many found the allegations wild. Now we have given proof and there is credibility and the charges are increasingly becoming indefensible.
It has also put the BJP on the back foot. They are trying to distance themselves from their colleague caught on tape making poaching attempts,” said a party source.
Read: Dagar denies bid to bribe MLA, party puts him on notice
Relying on an internal assessment that it can better its 2013 tally of 28 seats, the AAP said it would sharpen its attack in the coming days.
“The MLA who was offered bribe will lodge a police complaint. We will move the Election Commission for action. We have more such videos that we are going to release very soon,” he said.
Kejriwal said on Monday that the Supreme Court deadline has made the BJP nervous, forcing it to intensify its efforts to capture Delhi at any cost.
“It is clear from the conversation in the video that the BJP was making attempts to poach five AAP MLAs. [BJP vice-president Sher Singh] Dagar is clearly seen saying that the BJP will make five MLAs resign from the assembly and will prove its majority in the existing assembly by bringing its total strength down,” said an AAP statement.
“Dagar is seen admitting that even the RSS is now agreeable to forming a government through such means, though earlier the Sangh was opposed to government formation through horse-trading. He also stated that Jagdish Mukhi is the RSS choice for chief ministership,” it said.

Supreme Court to decide fate of 218 coal blocks todayUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: The Supreme Court will on Tuesday decide the fate of 218 coal blocks allocated since 1993 to 2010 which it held as illegal in a previous judgement.
Just a day before the crucial hearing, Centre had on Monday filed an affidavit in the apex court in which it said that it will comply with the court's decision. It also mentioned that 40 of the allocated coal blocks are already producing coal while 6 are ready for production.
ALSO SEE Looking forward to September 9 SC judgement on coal blocks allocation, says Piyush Goyal
The affidavit filed by the Ministry of Coal incorporated the statements made by the Attorney General Mukul Rohtagi on September 1 that the Centre has "no objection" to the cancellation of allocations declared as illegal by the apex court and was also not insisting on any particular course of
The government also stated that "retention" of the 40 productive blocks and six ready to become operational may be considered by the court provided additional levy at the rate of Rs. 295 per tonne as suggested by Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) is imposed.
action.
The government also stated that "retention" of the 40 productive blocks and six ready to become operational may be considered by the court provided additional levy at the rate of Rs. 295 per tonne as suggested by Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) is imposed.

Delhi High Court order on e-rickshaws todayUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court will on Tuesday pass an order on whether to lift the ban on the plying of e-rickshaws in the capital till the law is amended to bring them under the ambit of the Motor Vehicles Act 1988 for regulating them on the roads. A division bench had listed the matter for orders after conclusion of arguments on a writ petition seeking its regulation.
The bench banned plying of e-rickshaws on the city roads on July 31, saying they were illegally running and were hazardous to other traffic as well as citizens.
The Centre then moved the court asking to review its order of banning e-rickshaws as thousands of people and their livelihood were being affected by the ban.
The Delhi HC will on Tuesday pass an order on whether to lift the ban on the plying of e-rickshaws till the law is amended to bring them under the Motor Vehicles Act.
The court has time and again asked the Centre as to how it could allow e-rickshaws to ply illegally. The Centre has argued that it came up with draft rules on plying of these battery-operated vehicles and these have been submitted to the Law Ministry.
Advocate Sugriv Dubey, appearing for social activist Shahnawaz who filed the petition to ban e-rickshaws, however, told the bench that due to the e-rickshaws, two major accidents have taken place and two people have died.
He said 137 cases have been registered against rash driving by e-rickshaw drivers.

Death of emotions  birth of emoticons!NEW DELHI, September 9, 2014
Updated: September 9, 2014 08:28 IST
Death of emotions, birth of emoticons!
Rana Siddiqui Zaman
Stickers and emoticons have worked well with the young and the old alike
TOPICS
Delhi
Smileys, expression stickers are part of communication today, but excess use may cause behavioural problems in future
On my father’s death recently, I received a ‘sad smiley’ in my message box from an acquaintance. Another one sent a broken heart.
Later, I was told by their friend, “They felt ‘awkward’ sharing your grief as they don’t know how to do it!”
Welcome to the new mode of greetings: ‘emoticons’, which may be in the form of ‘smileys’ or ‘expression stickers’, specific to certain apps, that are gradually replacing emotions on various mobile applications.
No age group is far removed from them, though they are more popular among the younger generation.
Agrees media academic Binny Yadav Ahuja: “Using symbols in SMS and social media communications is an ‘acceptable’ part of human communication today. This generation is so much hooked to the social media that they are using these symbols for expressing virtually every possible human emotion. They prefer using a ‘smiley’ to facial muscles to pass a smile, and text an angry monster rather than showing anger or frustration even while sitting next to a friend who they are sending it to! One of my students even confided in me that she had got so hooked to expressing through these symbols that she feels uncomfortable displaying simple feelings like happiness, pleasure, anger, crying, and love for someone or something.”
“The most comfortable part about using such symbols they say is that they can use them even with their parents showing anger, frustration, broken heart, love and hugs without indulging in a showdown, especially at a public place,” says Ms. Ahuja.
“I use a lot of smileys because each one is worth a thousand words,” says 22-year-old Vaibhav Verma, a first-year engineering student of PDM College of Technology and Management. However, he doesn't believe smileys are used to replace emotions.
“We don’t use them for those we are not close to. But only when is there less chance to talk. ”
But some parents like Sabiha Aasif have a different version. Says this mother of three grown-up children: “We are living in a materialistic world so even emotions are expressed materialistically. Creating smileys is a marketing gimmick to exploit children.”
She, however, adds with pride. “Thankfully, my children don’t use emoticons because we have brought them up in a way that they would rather cry in front of us than send a smiley with tears! ”
But the use of expressive stickers/smileys is not always bad. “Use of smileys is done to avoid long conversations. Their use has increased because these smileys have countless expressions to choose from; earlier we had only happiness and sadness to emote. If someone wants to say ‘I love you’, he/she rather uses a symbol of ‘I am thinking of you’ expression than shooting a red heart directly. It saves them some embarrassment and apprehension of rejection. Also, it is not always used as a fashion statement but also as ‘reciprocation’,” says Pranita Gaur, a professor of clinical psychology at Delhi University.
Dr. Gaur adds that with the older generation, these smileys have worked well. “At old age homes or with old patients, when their children send them smileys, they don’t understand and ask me their meaning. When I tell them, they feel very happy and gratified that their children at least remember them.”
Yet, warns this consultant with Shanti Mukund Hospital, Preet Vihar: “Those who use it excessively will forget to communicate with words and physical gestures when required.
For instance during marriages or death, they would feel awkward and would want to leave that ‘unsuitable’ space on the first given chance. It might lead to crippled communication skills or behavioural problems in future.”

Cilic beats Nishikori to claim US Open men s singles titleSep 09, 2014, 08.28 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Cilic beats Nishikori to claim US Open men's singles title
The big-serving Croatian overwhelmed a weary Nishikori in one hour, 54 minutes to clinch a ruthless victory and deny his 10th-seeded opponent's bid to become the first Asian man to win a grand slam.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cilic beats Nishikori to claim US Open men's singles title
The big-serving Croatian overwhelmed a weary Nishikori in one hour, 54 minutes to clinch a ruthless victory and deny his 10th-seeded opponent's bid to become the first Asian man to win a grand slam.
Post your opinion here
 
Croatia's Marin Cilic swept past Japan's Kei Nishikori 6-3 6-3 6-3 to win the US Open on Monday and reach the pinnacle of the sport one year after a doping ban kept him out of the year's final grand slam.
The big-serving Croatian overwhelmed a weary Nishikori in one hour, 54 minutes to clinch a ruthless victory and deny his 10th-seeded opponent's bid to become the first Asian man to win a grand slam.
With the win, 14th seed Cilic becomes the first Croatian to win a grand slam title since his coach Goran Ivanisevic celebrated a Wimbledon victory in 2001.
The final marked the first time since the 2005 Australian Open that at least one of tennis's big three of Novak Djokovic, Rafa Nadal and Roger Federer was not playing for the title.
 

Super Six: Top chart picks for today08:00 am
On CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Kunal Bothra, Meghana V Malkan and Shrikant Chouhan share, place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets.
Kunal Bothra of LKP
The first stock which looks very attractive on charts is Escorts . The stock is heading towards the upper end of its 10 month consolidation from Rs 105-106 levels as a support. The upper end is around Rs 135-140 band. It is heading towards that upper end of the band and the longer term charts are looking very good for Escorts. I believe a breakout on the longer term charts could be fairly possible in the next couple of days looking at the momentum and the volume built-up. I believe from a short-term perspective one could look at a target of at least Rs 155-160 but from a longer term perspective, the larger pattern of three-five years, which looks really attractive on Escorts gives a target of close to Rs 200-220 as well. So I believe from a short term perspective buy Escorts with a target of Rs 155 and keep a stoploss of Rs 126 on it.
The second stock which looks very attractive on daily as well as on the longer term time frame is Dishman Pharmaceuticals & Chemicals . The stock has been seeing some very good momentum over the last couple of days, it is trading at 52 week high, double bottom formation on the longer term time frame with a breakout of Rs 120-125 odd levels. I believe from a short term perspective one could look at a target of Rs 182-183, keep a stoploss of Rs 170 on Dishman Pharma.
Meghana V Malkan of malkansview.com
Buy  Bharat Petroleum Corporation (BPCL). The stock has responded well to the falling crude prices in yesterdays trading session. It has closed at its previous resistance with good volumes. Momentum is good across all timeframes hence a buy call with a stoploss of Rs 698 for targets of Rs 718-723.
Buy Tata Global Beverage . The stock has closed well above its previous resistance of Rs 160 with good volumes. The price has also begun tagging the upper band of the bollinger band in the daily charts. Momentum is also bullish on daily charts hence a buy call with a stoploss of Rs 160 for targets of Rs 173-178.
Shrikant Chouhan of Kotak Securities
My first pick is to buy State Bank of India . The stock has already absorbed selling pressure around Rs 2530-2535 levels and it closed above that. So with a stoploss at Rs 2530 we can take long positions in SBI as the stock can move to the levels of Rs 2630-2635 may be today or tomorrow.
Buy  Power Finance Corporation  (PFC). The stock is already out of its bullish consolidation of falling wedge. The stock can move to the next levels of Rs 285-280 in next one-two days of time but eventually the stock is going to move towards Rs 330-335 as per the overall formation. So with a stoploss at Rs 255 we can take long positions in PFC at current levels with a price target of Rs 285.
RELATED NEWS

Stocks in news: TCS  Apollo Tyres  Eicher Motors  AB ChemSep 09, 2014, 08.33 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Stocks in news: TCS, Apollo Tyres, Eicher Motors, AB Chem
TCS | Aditya Birla Chemicals | IRB Infrastructure | Apollo Tyres | Kingfisher Airlines | Deccan Cements | Gammon Infrastructure | Jayshree Chemicals | Eicher Motors | Motherson Sumi | Mindtree | SKS Microfinance and TVS Motor Company are stocks, which are in the news today.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Stocks in news: TCS, Apollo Tyres, Eicher Motors, AB Chem
TCS | Aditya Birla Chemicals | IRB Infrastructure | Apollo Tyres | Kingfisher Airlines | Deccan Cements | Gammon Infrastructure | Jayshree Chemicals | Eicher Motors | Motherson Sumi | Mindtree | SKS Microfinance and TVS Motor Company are stocks, which are in the news today.
Post your opinion here
Here are stocks that are in news today:
TCS concall:  TCS says
-No change to overall FY15 revenue growth outlook
-BFSI growth is healthy
-Still seeing softness in insurance segment
-Smaller verticals like media which did very well Q1 will moderate
-India will see growth in Q2FY15 like Q1
-Still in a watch mode for India
-Japan will contribute at lower end of USD 300-375 million guided range
-Japan contribution seen at USD 100 million in Q2
-Rupee depreciation will have positive impact of 10 bps to rupee revenue versus constant currency (CC) growth
-Pound depreciation to have negative impact of 80 bps to reported dollar revenue versus CC growth
-Negligible impact of currency on margins
-Q1 saw one-time negative impact of 79 bps due to change in depreciation policy
-Other income to be lower by Rs 300 crore Q-o-Q, includes Rs 50 crore impact due to forex
5 scrips to be added to NSE F&O w.e.f tomorrow
NSE says

Modi visit to expand  deepen US-India strategic partnershipThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

See stable growth momentum for key economies: OECDThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Buy SKS Microfinance Ltd with a target of Rs 365: Ashwani GujralThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar gains ground on yen  Japan shares test highsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Buy Ceat  Sell Apollo Tyres Today: Sanjeev BhasinThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

U.S. courts skeptical Arab allies in Islamic State fightThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bull s Eye: Buy Apollo Tyres  SKS Microfinance  Jindal PolySep 09, 2014, 08.49 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Bull's Eye: Buy Apollo Tyres, SKS Microfinance, Jindal Poly
Dharmesh Kant, IndiaNivesh Securities Private Limited advises buying SKS Microfinance for a target price of Rs 360 and Thomas Cook for a target price of Rs 160.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bull's Eye: Buy Apollo Tyres, SKS Microfinance, Jindal Poly
Dharmesh Kant, IndiaNivesh Securities Private Limited advises buying SKS Microfinance for a target price of Rs 360 and Thomas Cook for a target price of Rs 160.
Post your opinion here
Bull's Eye
Bull's Eye, CNBC-TV18's popular game show, where market experts come together to dish out trading strategies for you to make your week more exciting and compete with each other to see whose portfolio is the strongest.
On Bull's Eye this week - Manav Chopra, Dharmesh Kant and Krish Subramanyam are battling it out for the strongest portfolio. Let’s hear out their picks for today.
Manav Chopra, Nirmal Bang
Buy  DCW for a target price of Rs 34 and keep a stoploss at Rs 27.80
Buy  Tata Sponge Iron for a target price of Rs 1,080 and keep a stoploss at Rs 915
Buy  Gujarat Alkalies for a target price of Rs 245 and keep a stoploss at Rs 206
Buy  Apollo Tyres for a target price of Rs 240 and keep a stoploss at Rs 202
Disclosure: He doesn't hold any stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.
Dharmesh Kant, IndiaNivesh Securities Private Limited
Buy  SKS Microfinance for a target price of Rs 360 and keep a stoploss at Rs 327
Buy  Thomas Cook for a target price of Rs 160 and keep a stoploss at Rs 140
Short  Reliance Infrastructure for a target price of Rs 660 and keep a stoploss at Rs 703
Disclosure: He doesn't hold any stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.
Krish Subramanyam, Asit C Mehta Inv Intermediattes
Buy  Alembic for a target price of Rs 48 and keep a stoploss at Rs 42
Buy  Jindal Poly Films for a target price of Rs 307 and keep a stoploss at Rs 284
Buy  FDC for a target price of Rs 168 and keep a stoploss at Rs 154.90
Buy  RCF for a target price of Rs 59 and keep a stoploss at Rs 54
Disclosure: He doesn't hold any stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.
RELATED NEWS

Chambal Fertilisers restarts operation at urea plants at RajasthanSep 09, 2014, 08.58 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Chambal Fertilisers restarts operation at urea plants at Rajasthan
With reference to the earlier announcement dated August 26, 2014 regarding shutdown of one of the Company's Urea Plants at Gadepan, District Kota, Rajasthan, Chambal Fertilisers & Chemicals Ltd has now informed BSE that said plant has recommenced its operation on September 07, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Chambal Fertilisers restarts operation at urea plants at Rajasthan
With reference to the earlier announcement dated August 26, 2014 regarding shutdown of one of the Company's Urea Plants at Gadepan, District Kota, Rajasthan, Chambal Fertilisers & Chemicals Ltd has now informed BSE that said plant has recommenced its operation on September 07, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
With reference to the earlier announcement dated August 26, 2014 regarding shutdown of one of the Company's Urea Plants at Gadepan, District Kota, Rajasthan, Chambal Fertilisers & Chemicals Ltd has now informed BSE that said plant has recommenced its operation on September 07, 2014.Source : BSE

Sbi will be slightly down today considering the coal block deallocati...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Dear valanji   lpc mentioned you are into swiss glascoat ! may ...Platinum Member
521 Followers
FD    :   You might find it on the BSE website for free. Alternatively, if you are prepared to spend a rupee, you could telephone Mr. Jeevan Noronha of BSE on (022)2272 1233 / 34 and ask for his guidance. The Scheme is called Stock Lending.
Another way for investors in stock markets to optimise their returns is reading the BSE Notices / Circulars page every day. Daily, one of the Notices has a heading "Auction", which contains the list of shares short-delivered by Sellers. If you have these shares in your portfolio, you could offer them to the defaulting seller for a price 10 to 12% of the CMP and replenishing that qty. from market purchases and pocketing the difference. Try it once and it would soon give you the iceing on the cake.
Happy investing !   LINCOLN

Rcom to touch 115 to-dayCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Numbers to watch today...cmp_8174... ( 2 keys... 8212* n 8136*)... hgh...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Addicted to Facebook You are at risk of depressionAccording to new research, while the social networking site is there to help you stay in touch with your near and dear ones, there are consequences to its consistent use
Indo-Asian News Service | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:04 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 12:06 pm
Do you often feel you have wasted time on Facebook or termed it as a meaningless activity but still cannot let your eyes move away from the screen? You are at the risk of developing depression.
According to new research, while the social networking site is there to help you stay in touch with your near and dear ones, there are consequences to its consistent use, including a “lowered life satisfaction of basic psychological needs and dampened mood”.
“There is a link between a dampened mood and Facebook,” informed Austrian psychologists Christina Sagioglou and Tobias Greitmeyer.
During the three-phase study, they first analysed 123 German speaking active Facebook users.
Most of them showed a mood decline after spending time on Facebook, including a sense of growing loneliness.
In the second phase, 263 people volunteered through Amazon’s Mechanical Turk programme.
The findings once again displayed a mood decline in those visiting Facebook.
In the last phase, 101 active Facebook users were asked if logging into Facebook would make them happier or feel down.
Most of the participants reported feeling worse and lonelier when they logged off, Viral Global News reported.
The paper was published in the journal Computers in Human Behavior.

Kejriwal claims some BJP leaders poaching AAP MLAs  releases videoAAP chief Arvind Kejriwal said that he won't allow the party to form a government in Delhi using deceitful tactics. (File picture)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:54 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 2:27 am
On the eve of a Supreme Court Constitutional Bench hearing on whether fresh polls should be held in Delhi, the AAP released a sting operation video on Monday that purportedly shows Delhi BJP vice-president Sher Singh Dagar and his aide Raghubir Dahiya allegedly offering an apparent amount of Rs 4 crore to AAP MLA from Sangam Vihar, Dinesh Mohaniya, for his resignation.
In the purported sting video, Dagar is heard telling Mohaniya that they are also in touch with other MLAs. The release of the video comes just days after indications from the BJP that it may form a minority government in the national capital.
The meeting between Dagar, Dahiya, Mohaniya and AAP worker Vivek Yadav purportedly took place on September 7, at 2:30 pm, two days before the Supreme Court hearing. While Dagar and Dahiya can both be seen and heard in the video, Mohaniya and Yadav can only be heard.
“Aapko jo shanka hai wo bata do, jo requirement hai wo bata do, sab cheez bata do. Kal humein is par action lena hai (Tell us whatever doubts you have, requirements, tell us everything. We have to take action on this tomorrow),” Dagar purportedly says in the video.
In a purported reference to the money offered, Yadav says, “Paanch karenge na inka? (You will give him five?).”
Dagar purportedly replies: “Chaar ki baat hui thi na. (We had decided on four).”
Dahiya then says, “Nahi chaar ki baat hui thi Bhaisahab ka… 20 lakh unke (waving his arms at Yadav)… Agar chaar se badhaani hai to upar baat karlo (No, he had said four…20 lakh for him… If you want more than four, talk to higher authorities).”
Dahiya also purportedly assures Mohaniya that he would get a ticket for the repolls, with all his expenses paid for, and would be given chairmanship of a government-run board if he fails to win a seat.
“Usme yeh hua hai ki yeh jitne bhi vidhayak honge, sabko ticket denge, chunaav ka kharcha denge. By the way, jeet na pao to chairman bana denge, yeh sab clear ho jayegi (All the MLAs will get tickets and funds for fighting elections. By the way, if someone loses the polls, he will be made a chairman… it will be all clear,” he purportedly says.
The video begins with Dagar purportedly telling Mohaniya and Yadav that an agreement has to be reached by “tomorrow”, conveying the urgency of the situation. While the AAP members press for information on the other three or four persons that are to “resign”, the names are not revealed, but Dagar says that the four are all AAP members. Dagar also purportedly calls up the party high command to assure the AAP MLA.
Distancing themselves from Dagar, continued…

Hungary gets EU nod to give financial aid to Apollo TyresHungary gets EU nod to give $123.9 million aid to Apollo Tyres
Foo Yun Chee     Brussels   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 16:55 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Hungary secured European Union regulatory approval on Monday to grant 95.7 million euros ($123.9 million) in aid to Apollo Tyres to build a tyre plant in the north of the country.
Hungary is offering a direct grant of 48.2 million euros, an employment grant of 2.8 million euros and tax allowances of about 44.7 million euros to Apollo Tyres  for the new facility which will create 975 jobs.
The European Commission said the Hungarian support complies with EU state aid rules and would boost regional development.

L&T bags Rs 1 920 crore order in hydrocarbon businessL&T bags orders worth Rs 1,920 crore in hydrocarbon business
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 19:53 IST
Photo: Reuters
Larsen & Toubro (L&T) has bagged contracts worth Rs 1,920 crore in its hydrocarbon business in the offshore and onshore segments.
"L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering, a fully-owned subsidiary of L&T , has secured orders in the offshore and onshore segments worth Rs 1,920 crore from domestic oil and gas majors," a release issued in Mumbai said.
The company secured an offshore contract worth Rs 1,340 crore from Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC). The scope of the contract includes engineering, procurement, construction and installation of five wellhead platforms at the Mumbai High North field of ONGC.
The project, part of ONGC's strategy to re-develop phase-III of Mumbai High North field to enhance production from existing reservoirs, is scheduled to be completed by March 2016.
In the onshore segment, L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering (LTHE) has secured a contract of Rs 580 crore from a leading company engaged in hydrocarbon downstream processing.
LTHE will carry out EPC work of a dual service cryogenic storage tank facility, suitable for liquid ethane and liquefied natural gas and engineering work for the balance of the facilities to be installed at the client's manufacturing complex, the release added.

Rupee logs six-week high of 60.29 against dollarForex update: Rupee ends 10 paise up, logs six-week high of 60.29 against dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 18:40 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Indian rupee on Monday appreciated by ten paise to end at a nearly six-week high of 60.29 against the American currency tracking a solid rally in local shares and continued dollar selling by exporters and some banks.
Good inflows also helped the rupee even as the widely tracked dollar index was up 0.10 per cent against six major global rivals, forex dealers said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic currency commenced strong at 60.29 a dollar from last Friday's close of 60.39.
Rupee traded in a narrow range of 60.19 and 60.31, before concluding at its opening level of 60.29 - a rise of ten paise or 0.17 per cent. This is the strongest level since the the rupee had settled at 60.06 on July 30, 2014.
The benchmark S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Monday shot up by 293.15 points, or 1.08 per cent, to log new closing peak of 27,319.85.
FPIs/FIIs infused US $54.16 million last Friday, taking the total to US $710.33 million in the current month so far, as per Sebi data.
In forwards market on Monday, premium continued to close narrowly mixed in recent few days.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February edged down to 242-244 paise from 242.5-244.5 paise previously while far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 rose further to 498-500 paise from 495.5-497.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) fixed the reference rate for dollar at 60.2628 and for the euro at 77.9439.
The rupee bounced back with vengeance against the pound to 97.25 from last weekend's close of 98.48 and also recovered to 78.08 per euro crom 78.26.
It, however, remained firm to 57.29 per 100 Japanese yen from 57.41 previously.

Mere equality not enough  main goal is social harmony: Narendra ModiPress Trust of India | News Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 7:03 pm
On Monday Prime Minister Narendra Modi lauded the contribution of reformers from Kerala like Dalit icon Ayyankali and Sree Narayana Guru and said merely achieving social justice was not enough but there should be social harmony between various sections.
“Mere equality will not do. We have to move a step forward. The final destination is harmony in society. For that we have to have a constantly awakened society.
“To achieve harmony, one has to move together with equality and love for all. We have to take the feeling of self upliftment and that of all coming together to achieve harmony.Till then, harmony in society cannot be achieved,” the Prime Minister said.
He was addressing the 152nd birth anniversary of Ayyankali at a function organised by the Kerala Pulayar Maha Sabha (KPMS) that represents the interests of the most oppressed Scheduled Caste community in Kerala. Sree Narayana Guru belonged to the backward Ezhava caste that has a dominant influence in Kerala politics.
BJP leaders from Kerala and Delhi were present on the dais. Modi’s emphasis on the contribution of Kerala social reformers from Dalit and backward castes assumes significance as the BJP is trying to trying to make inroads in the state where its vote percentage went up significantly from 6.4 per cent to 10.3 per cent in the Lok Sabha polls.
“While the efforts of social reformers like Ayyankali and Narayana Guru contributed in ending social discrimination in the pre-Independence era in the 19th century, we should be grateful to leaders like BR Ambedkar who ensured that a system is created to give everybody equal rights in society,” Modi said.
The Prime Minister said that the conference organised by Ayyankali in 1913 on the question of upliftment of Dalits was as much a turning point as Mahatma Gandhi’s Dandi March in 1930.
Modi emphasised that while the country may have achieved equality in terms of providing opportunities to Dalits, there was a need to achieve harmony.
“If we are stuck with only equality, it will not help. For harmony, we will have to make extra efforts,” he said.
Modi said that reformers like Ayyankali and Narayana Guru have contributed immensely towards the upliftment of backward community people in Kerala, where the divisions along social fault lines had also invited an angry reaction from Swami Vivekananda.
The Prime Minister said the coming time is that of a journey to social harmony and achieving that goal was the responsibility of all, politicians, social reformers, teachers, etc.
He also praised the efforts of Mahatma Gandhi and Raja Rammohan Roy towards bringing about social change.
If we are stuck with only equality, it will not help. For harmony, we will have to make extra efforts

After Narendra Modi ignites China row  NDA govt beats retreatAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Modi s  expansionist  remarks not aimed at China: SwarajPrint
Responding to a question on Modi's "expansionist" remarks, Swaraj said "he never referred to any specific country. It was media's guess. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 8:02 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 9:03 pm
India Monday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s recent “expansionist” remarks in Japan did not refer to China.
Ahead of Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said India wants China to “understand and appreciate” its “sensitivities” regarding Arunachal Pradesh as New Delhi respects Beijing’s position on Tibet and Taiwan.
“We have a very good relationship with China. I must articulate that our relationship is that of cooperation and competition. But when Prime Minister Modi met President Xi in Fortaleza (Brazil), they had very good equation. I think the outcome of this visit will be substantial and solid,” said the minister who was presenting a report card on 100 days in office.
Responding to a question on Modi’s “expansionist” remarks, Swaraj said “he never referred to any specific country. It was media’s guess. He spoke about 18th century expansionism.”
Modi’s remarks of an “expansionist” mindset of some countries riled the Chinese official media which said the Indian leader is more “intimate with Tokyo emotionally”.
Referring to a meeting with her Chinese counterpart Wang Yi who had come here in June, Swaraj said “when they raised with us the issue of Tibet and Taiwan, we shared their sensitivities. So, we also want that they should understand and appreciate our sensitivities regarding Arunachal.”
On criticism that Modi’s recent visits to Nepal and Japan have not yielded any concrete results, the minister rejected it saying the loan from Japan was in trillions and not in billions like in the past, which was a big achievement. She also referred to the Power Trade Agreement with Nepal.
Swaraj noted that Modi was emerging as a popular leader across the world which was both “eager and enthusiastic” to engage with the government in India.
When they raised with us the issue of Tibet and Taiwan, we shared their sensitivities. So, we also want that they should understand and appreciate our sensitivities regarding Arunachal.

Amit Shah wonders why Soren accepts parties opposed to JharkhandPrint
PTI | Ranchi | Posted: September 8, 2014 9:28 pm
BJP president Amit Shah, on Monday, wondered why Jharkhand Chief Minister Hemant Soren was heading a coalition whose allies had earlier opposed formation of Jharkhand while his father Shibu Soren struggled for a separate state.
“(When) Hemant Soren’s father, Guruji (as the JMM president is known) struggled for the separate statehood, RJD’s Lalu Prasad opposed it and had said the state would be formed on his body,” Shah said while asking why the chief minister having alliance with parties that opposed Jharkhand’s creation.
Addressing a party workers meeting here, Shah further alleged that another ruling ally Congress had earlier put “Guruji” in front while ruling by remote control. Claiming that Jharkhand would bloom under Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Shah said Modi had opened up the path of development with innumerable initiatives and he had the capability to help mineral-rich Jharkhand race ahead of Gujarat and Maharastra.
“Unlike earlier days,” Shah said, “under Narendra Modi’s leadership all ministers concerned are discussing programmes for implementation,” he said and appealed to the people to give a 2/3rd majority to BJP in the upcoming Assembly elections. He said Modi had shown the world India’s firm stand in foreign affairs when he called off talks with Pakistan when the latter held talks to the separatists.

Small & mid-caps fall behind SensexJoydeep Ghosh & Tulemino Antao |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:50 PM IST
Small & mid-caps fall behind Sensex
Having run up at a much faster pace, these have seen a slowdown in their upswing
In recent weeks, stock markets have been hitting record highs, with the Sensex topping the 27,000 mark and the Nifty crossing 8,000. But the rise in the broader markets, the mid- and small-cap indices, since the beginning of July hasn’t been as good. This is because investors worry the growth in earnings in small-cap and mid-cap companies might be delayed.
“While the price-to-earnings valuation of both large-cap and mid-cap indices have shot up significantly, there are fears the earnings growth in the mid-cap sector will be delayed a bit. So, it is logical to expect investors who believe the pace of mid-cap earnings to be slower will prefer to under-weigh mid-caps at current levels,” says Nilesh Shah, managing director and chief executive, Axis Capital.
The consolidated trailing 12-month price-to-earnings multiple of the Sensex is 19.27, of the mid-cap index is 23.63 and the small-cap one is 30.62, according to Bloomberg data.
If one considers the period since the beginning of the year, the story is completely different. Since January, the Sensex has risen 29.05 per cent year-to-date, while the mid- and small-cap indices have risen 46.05 per cent and 66.65 per cent, respectively. By comparison, since the beginning of July, the Sensex is up 7.5 per cent, while the mid- and small-cap indices are up 4.42 per cent and 6.36 per cent, respectively. The fillip in the last two figures followed the mid- and small-cap indices rising 1.29 per cent and 2.11 per cent, respectively, on Monday.
Rakesh Arora, managing director and head of research, Macquarie Capital, says: “The small-cap and mid-cap indices had run up much faster than large caps. Now, there has been some correction because while there is a new government, there hasn’t been much change on the ground.” He says the mid- and small-cap segments might continue to be range-bound for some more time, adding these might see correction till there is more clarity on earnings, as well as changes on the ground. “Those in the mid- and small-cap segments are mostly industrials, which will grow only when things change at the ground level. Currently, the rally is being led by defensives,” he adds.
 
Though there hasn’t been a slowdown in inflows from foreign institutional investors, these have started moving into debt more aggressively. Between July and September 4, investment in equities was $3.73 billion, while for debt, this stood at $7.42 billion. For the January-June period, equities attracted $9.92 billion, while investment in debt was $10.41 billion.
Alex Mathews, head of research, Geojit BNP Paribas Financials, says the market seems to be in overbought territory, adding a slight correction might be due.
“The current trends indicate there is sector rotation on a daily basis. Further, the momentum in the broader markets seems to be slowing, as investors are turning cautious after some stocks surged about 100 per cent within a short period.” In case the benchmark indices start correcting, stocks in the broader market that have risen sharply could see profit-taking and remain range-bound, though news related to stock-specific action isn’t ruled out.
 Advertisements

SPIC to depend on internal accrualsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
SPIC to depend on internal accruals
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, September 8:  
Southern Petrochemical Industries Corporation will continue to depend on internal accruals and timely access to subsidy to meet its working capital requirement, according to Ashwin C Muthiah, Chairman, SPIC. Addressing shareholders at the AGM , he said urea production in the current year is looking up with better management of resources with the company fully prepaying its debts by March 2014 in line with the Corporate Debt Restructure finalised last year.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

Overflowing rivers in Telangana  AP keep officials alertOverflowing rivers in Telangana, AP keep officials alert
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, September 8:  
Overflowing rivers in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana are causing anxious moments for both the Governments, forcing the authorities to direct district administrators to evacuate people from low lying areas.
Rains in the past few days have flooded major rivers, particularly the Godavari, and water levels continue to rise at Bhadrachalam. The water level is now pegged at 56 feet. The local administration has taken steps to shift people from low lying areas and has set up relief camps.
Meanwhile, AP Chief Secretary IYR Krishna Rao has reviewed the flood situation with district collectors of East and West Godavari and has instructed senior officials to take necessary relief measures.
According to a statement, alert has been sounded at several locations beyond Rajahmundry as the flood water has inundated low lying areas. The crop loss due to flooding is likely to be estimated after the water level recedes.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Gulf Oil Corporation buoyed by Govts infra thrustHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Gulf Oil Corporation buoyed by Govt’s infra thrust
Amrita Nair-Ghaswalla
Tweet
Mumbai, September 8:  
The fillip to the infrastructure sector, which is a key focus area for the Narendra Modi-led Government, has also buoyed hope at Gulf Oil Corporation, a Hinduja Group company.
Speed up
With the Centre keen to speed up infrastructure development and investment, and the Prime Minister holding meetings with nine infrastructure ministries in July to identify key projects in sectors like road, railways and power, economic confidence appears to have returned, said an official.
Demand for tippers
“There are clear signs of the economy reviving. We are hopeful that some of the projects should take off very soon,” said Ravi Chawla, Managing Director, Gulf Oil Lubricants India.
“Iron ore production in Goa is expected to resume soon. When mining opens up completely, there would be an increase in demand for our services.
Mining runs more tippers, and the more tippers run, better lubricants are used,” said Chawla.
Tipper trucks have been making steady inroads in the country’s construction and mining sector.
With several infrastructural projects getting off the ground, the demand for tippers has also been on the rise.
Earlier, with the Government clamping down on illegal extractions and delaying mining approvals citing environmental norms, the company had to report an operating loss at its mining unit.
Scaled down
Officials said that since end 2012, operations of the mining and infrastructure division at Gulf Oil Corporation had to be scaled down.
Since June, the company has already secured some major contracts for iron ore mining and an infrastructural related contract.
Moreover, with the regulatory approvals for mining projects expected to be cleared on a fast track basis, officials said that more contracts would be announced soon.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Indian cement companies top global valuation chartKrishna Kant |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 10:49 PM IST
Indian cement companies top global valuation chart
Shree Cement is now the world's most expensive cement maker followed by Ultratech Cement
Indian cement makers are now the costliest in the world, with a price-to-earnings multiple nearly double that of their global peers and four times that of top Chinese cement makers. Currently, India’s cement makers are trading at about 33 times their net profits for the last four quarters, against the global average of 16.5 and 7.4 for Chinese companies. These cement makers also top the charts for the ratio of price to book value. At current share prices, these companies are valued at 3.7 times their book value, or net worth. The corresponding ratios for their global and Chinese peers are 1.2 and one, respectively, according to Bloomberg data.
This analysis is based on data for the top 30 listed cement companies---10 each from India, China and the rest of the world. The companies in this sample reported combined revenue of $169 billion and a net profit of $11 billion for the year ended June this year. In terms of revenue, these companies account for about two-thirds the global cement market, estimated at $234.6 billion in 2013, according to data from market research firm Transparency Market Research.
Many see further upsides in cement stocks. “Cement makers are likely to report strong earnings growth from the second half of this financial year and this will more-than-make-up for the current high valuations,” says Sanjay Singh, cement analyst at Centrum Broking. Among companies, the Shree Cement stock is the world’s most expensive cement counter, valued at 38 times its trailing 12-month net profit and more than six times its latest net worth. Shree Cement is followed by Ultratech Cement, trading at 33 times its trading earnings and 4.3 times its latest net worth.
By comparison, Lafarge SA, the world’s largest cement maker excluding China, is currently trading at 22.3 times its trailing earnings and on a par with its net worth. It peer Holcim is trading at 15.7 times its trailing earnings and 1.2 times its latest net worth.
The valuations are lower in China, the world’s largest cement market. In that country, the top cement maker by capacity, Anhui Conch, is trading at eight times its trailing annual net profit and 1.7 times its net worth. China National Building Material Company, the world’s second-largest building material supplier by revenue (after Holcim) is valued at just 3.6 times its trailing earnings; it is trading at a discount to its net worth.
Chinese companies are trading at a discount despite reporting some the best financial ratios in the sector. These companies reported an operating margin of 21.7 per cent, against 17.6 per cent in India and 17.1 per cent elsewhere. Also, they top the charts for return on equity, at 15 per cent, against 11.1 per cent for Indian companies and 5.3 per cent for others.
Brushing aside any fear of a bubble in cement stocks, analysts point to the growth opportunity. “Right now, valuations aren’t stretched. Earnings are at their low point in the cycle and if GDP (gross domestic product) growth and infrastructure investment takes off, there will be a dramatic surge in their earnings. This has led to a re-rating,” says Jinesh Gandhi, cement analyst at Motilal Oswal Securities.
Others say cement stocks have become a proxy for the infrastructure and real estate sectors, just as Bhel was a proxy for the power sector in the previous bull-run. “As there are few quality stocks in real estate and infrastructure, investors are piling on cement stocks to take advantage of the new government’s focus on these two sectors. This gives top cement makers some scarcity premium, leading to higher price multiples,” says Devang Mehta, senior vice-president and head (equity sales) at Anand Rathi Financial Services.
This is clear in the increasing heft of Indian cement makers in the global league table. Now, Indian cement makers account for 17.2 per cent of the entire sample with combined market capitalisation of $184 billion, nearly three times their revenue share and more than twice their profit share. By contrast, Chinese cement makers account for a fifth of the market cap, despite 28.2 per cent revenue share and 45 per cent share in net profits. At this rate, Indian cement makers might soon surpass their Chinese peers in terms of market capitalisation.
 Advertisements

NTPC may finally axe contract with Russian supplier for Barh projectAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

4th American With Ebola to Be Flown to US for CareAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

National Cong leaders missing from party candidates bypoll campaignsJyotiraditya Scindia (left) and Sachin Pilot (Right)
Written by Syed Khalique Ahmed | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:49 am
With only four days to go for bypolls to nine Assembly seats and Vadodara Lok Sabha seat, the national Congress leaders have been elusive during the electoral campaign. The bypolls to these seats are scheduled for September 13.
Party sources said that the contestants had asked the state party leaders to bring young leaders like Sachin Pilot and Jyotiraditya Scindia for the campaign. Party sources said that the messages were sent to Pilot and Scindia through AICC to spare some time for the bypolls in the state. “But we have not received any communication in this regard either from the AICC or Pilot and Scindia themselves,” said a senior party leader. Sources said that Rahul Gandhi was not coming for  bypoll campaign in the state.
Party sources said that the candidates had requested for young leaders who  could mobilise the young voters in favour of the party.
Young voters in the age group of 18 to 30 form about 23 per cent of the voters’ strength in the state and they play a decisive role in the outcome of the bypolls.
However, senior state party leaders are working hard to improve the performance of the candidates in the bypoll as all these seats were held by the BJP.  These seats became vacant after MLAs got elected to Lok Sabha in April 2014 General Elections and resigned from their Assembly seats.
State party spokesperson Manish Doshi said that AICC (Minority Celll) president Khurshid Saiyed was campaigning in Khambaliya on Wednesday. He was set to address public meetings at Mangrol, Kheda, Anand and other places as well.
State party president Arjun Modhwadia and the Leader of Opposition in the state Assembly Shankersinh Vaghela were also campaigning in different constituencies to mobilise voters in favour of party candidates, Doshi said.
Meanwhile, the party has deputed senior state party leaders to supervise the electioneering in each of the nine Assembly constituencies and Vadodara Lok Sabha constituency.
Former MP Jagdish hakore and senior party leader Sagar Raika have been deputed for Deesa, Ahmedabad City Congress president Naresh Raval for Maninagar, former MP Kunvarji Bavalia and senior leader Raghavji Patel for Tankara, state party chief Arjun Modhhwadia for Khambalia, former MP Soma Patel for Mangrol, sitting MLA Shaktisinh Gohil for Talaja, former central minister Bharatsinh Solanki for Anand, Leader of Opposition in the state Assembly Shankersinh Vaghela for Matar.

BJP hopes to ride high on Modi factorPrint
Narendra Modi and Purshottam Rupala
Written by Hiral Devrajbhai Dave , Tanvir A Siddiqui , Gopal B Kateshiya , with input from Aditi Raja | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:37 am
The BJP in Gujarat continues to ride high on the popularity of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Be it the bypoll to the Vadodara Lok Sabha seat, which Modi vacated in favour of Varanasi, or the nine Assembly seats – of MLAs who ran for Lok Sabha and are now MPs – the party has taken it upon itself to fight it as an issue of “prestige”.
As the party gets into the groove for campaigning, Modi’s shadow continues to loom large. While giving a speech in the bypoll-bound Maninagar Assembly constituency last week, BJP national vice-president Purshottam Rupala said, “This seat was represented by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. We have to retain it. It’s an issue of prestige. Look at the progress he has done in Gujarat. To support his work on the national level, we must win this seat.”
As Rupala spoke, behind him hung a poster with a huge Modi photograph and a smaller one of Suresh Patel, the Maninagar bypoll candidate. Rupala spoke for almost 30 minutes; Nearly 25 minutes were dedicated to Modi’s work in Gujarat and his current foreign tours. Chief Minister Anandiben Patel found mention only once, at the end of the speech. Modi has been an MLA from Maninagar since 2002.
Three months into the chief minister’s shoes, Anandiben Patel is leading the campaign from the front for the September 13 by-election, but Modi continues to reign supreme in her thoughts and deeds. Patel, in her speech at Jam Khambhaliya in Devbhoomi Dwarka district, said that the 10 victories will be a “birthday gift for Modi”,  who will be visiting Gujarat on his birthday on September 17, with Chinese President Xi Jinping.
At Talaja in Bhavnagar district, Patel explained at a public rally why Modi was still in the spotlight. “The results of the bypolls in Gujarat were likely to have an impact on the outcome of the impending Assembly elections in Congress-ruled states like Maharashtra, Haryana and Jammu and Kashmir,” she told the crowd.
The BJP, obviously, is confident about Maninagar Assembly and Vadodara LS seats, both vacated by Modi. Sitting corporator Suresh Patel has been fielded from Maninagar and deputy Mayor Ranjan Bhatt from Vadodara. The handbills distributed to voters present Suresh Patel as an engineering professional, who helps solve the drainage and water supply problems of the area. They also have photographs of  Anandiben Patel, State BJP president  R C Faldu, BJP national president Amit Shah and last, but not the least, Prime Minister Narendra Modi. A two-line appeal exhorts voters to keep alive the tradition of “development” started by Modi. Interestingly, film actor and local MP Paresh Rawal is expected to campaign for Suresh Patel in Isanpur ward on Tuesday.
Cautious about the quantum of lead estimate, Suresh Patel says it would be a good victory margin. Maninagar had been voting for the Congress till BJP’s Kamlesh Patel won in 1990 and went continued…

DC orders de-sealing of 6 booths at Krishna MarketSealing of booths was ordered in May. (Source: Express archives)
Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:26 am
Complying with the orders of Finance Secretary Sarvjit Singh, Chandigarh Deputy Commissioner-cum-Estate Officer Mohammad Shayin finally issued orders for de-sealing of six booths at Krishna Market in Sector 41 on Monday.
The staff of the Estate Office went to the market in the evening and except one, whose owner was not present, all booths were opened.
It was in May that the Deputy Commissioner had ordered sealing of the booths for various violations following a survey conducted by a team headed by the sub-divisional magistrate. The booth owners then moved an appeal with the Finance Secretary who is the Chief Administrator.
They stated that no notices were served to them before sealing of the booths. In one case, it was alleged that the booth was sealed because, instead of the original allottee, his son was present at the time of the survey.
On August 11, the Finance Secretary ordered that the booths should be de-sealed and further course of action taken as per law.
The de-sealing happened on a day Chandigarh Newsline reported how almost a month after the order was issued, the Deputy Commissioner was yet to initiate any action.
Sunil Jain, president of the Market Welfare Association, said, “The orders for opening the six booths were received today and the staff of the Estate Office opened the booths. Apart from these, there are two other booths which are sealed. The case of one of these booths is going on in the court while for the other, the owner has not appealed.”
The allotment of booths at the market has been under the scanner since a report submitted by former Additional Deputy Commissioner P S Shergill in 2011 highlighted irregularities. He had indicted several officials and politicians and talked of a booth mafia in the city. A survey by the Estate Office had revealed that, contrary to the conditions of allotment, many booths had changed hands or had been rented out. The allotment in such cases was cancelled.

Govt seeks general consent from states for CBI investigationCentre has asked some states to give their consent at the earliest for allowing CBI to investigate such cases.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 5:11 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 5:17 am
In a bid to overcome bottlenecks in its probe into the coal scam and hacking cases, the Centre has asked some states to give their consent at the earliest for allowing CBI to investigate such cases.
The Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) has convened a meeting tomorrow to discuss the issue of giving consent in cases relating to coal blocks allocation scam and hacking.
The department has sought general consent of various state governments in cases relating to allegation of gross irregularities in the allocations of coal blocks and in respect of offences under the Information Technology Act, 2000.
CBI can take up an investigation in the state after getting its consent, a mandatory provision as per Section 6 of the Delhi Special Police Establishment (DSPE) Act, 1946.
“However, different states have furnished different decisions or opinions in these cases. There is no uniformity in providing general consent in such cases. It is, therefore, requested that the concerned states may provide uniform consent in such cases,” said a DoPT note.
Tomorrow’s meeting of principal secretary (personnel or general administration department) will discuss this and other matters. Minister of State for Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions Jitendra Singh will address these officers.
The offences under the Information Technology Act includes tampering with computer source documents, hacking with computer system and publishing of information which is obscene in electronic form.
The Centre will also discuss with states the matter of setting up of additional special CBI courts.
Out of the 22 special CBI courts, 11 are functional. The governments of Gujarat, Jammu and Kashmir, Punjab, West Bengal and Andhra Pradesh have been requested to make functional the special CBI courts sanctioned to them.
Five courts have been sanctioned in Ahmedabad (Gujarat), two in Alipore and one in Asansol (West Bengal) and one each in Vishakhapatnam (Andhra Pradesh), Srinagar (J&K) and Patiala (Punjab).
These courts are in addition to 70 special courts sanctioned by the government to expedite CBI cases. Of these, 69 have started functioning in various states. One court in Bhubaneswar is yet to start its functioning, DoPT data said.
The matter related to fixed tenure for officers of all India services (Indian Administrative Service, Indian Police Service and Indian Forest Service) and unauthorised absence of IAS officers and overstay of IAS, IPS and IFoS officers will also be discussed during the meeting.

Novartis drags DRL to US court for patent violationNovartis has sued Dr Reddy’s Laboratories in a the United States' District Court for a patent infringement action on the drug Gleevec.
Posted: September 9, 2014 5:09 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 5:39 am
Switzerland-based Novartis AG and Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation (NPC) have sued Dr Reddy’s Laboratories in a the United States’ District Court for the District of Delaware for a patent infringement action on the drug Gleevec.
The action relates to an Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) filed by DRL with the United States Food and Drug Administration (US FDA) for approval to market generic versions of Novartis’ Gleevec, which is used as a targeted therapy for treating certain types of leukaemia. Gleevec is one of the best selling drugs of Novartis clocking sales revenues worth over $4 billion.
“Upon information and belief, this court also has personal jurisdiction over DRL Inc and DRL Ltd because they have been sued previously in this district, did not challenge this Court’s assertion of personal jurisdiction over them, and availed themselves of this forum by seeking affirmative relief in this jurisdiction by answering complaints and asserting counterclaims for the purpose of litigating a patent infringement dispute in at least fifteen cases since 2004,’’ the court said. This includes cases against Teijin Ltd, Genzyme Corporation, Pfizer Inc, Fresenius Kabi USA LLC, among others.
NPC holds an approved New Drug Application (NDA) for Gleevec tablets for 100 mg and 400 mg Imatinib mesylate, which was approved by the FDA on April 18, 2003. Novartis AG has two patents 051 and RE932 and NPC is an exclusive licensee to this drug.
In its letter dated July 16, DRL notified Novartis that it had submitted ANDA to the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act seeking approval to engage in the commercial manufacture, use, offer to sell or sale of tablets containing 100 mg and 400 mg of Imatinib mesylate. DRL stated that its drug are bioequivalent to Novartis’ 100 mg and 400 mg Imatinib mesylate Gleevec tablets. As said in the notice, DRL’s ANDA was submitted to obtain FDA approval to engage in the commercial manufacture, use and sale prior to the expiration of the 051 patent and the RE932 patents. DRL notified Novartis that its ANDA contained a “paragraph IV certification” and termed the 051 and RE932 patents are invalid, unenforceable or will not be infringed by the manufacture, use or sale.
“DRL had notice of the 051 patent and the RE932 patent at the time of its infringement. Novartis will be substantially and irreparably damaged and harmed if DRL’s infringement is not enjoined. Novartis does not have an adequate remedy at law,’’ the order said.

Mystery of the missing towersThe annual report of Reliance Communications (RCom) has left analysts puzzled about a decline in the number of towers. (Reuters)
Written by Dinesh Trivedi | Mumbai | Posted: September 9, 2014 5:05 am
The annual report of Reliance Communications (RCom) has left analysts puzzled about a decline in the number of towers the company has, reports Devangi Gandhi in Mumbai. Kotak Institutional Equities (KIE) said in a report on Monday that the reported number of towers for Reliance Infratel (RITL), the telecom infrastructure unit of RCom, at the end of FY14 stood at 43,379 versus 50,000 a year earlier and at the end of the previous two financial years. The firm’s annual reports say RITL’s tower base was between 48,000 and 50,000 over FY09-FY13. FE’s email request for a clarification on the fall in the number of towers was not answered till the time of going to press. The disclosures on RITL make for interesting reading.
KIE points out that although the Ebitda in FY14 grew 15.5% year-on-year on the back of a 10.2% y-o-y growth in revenue, the company ended up with a net loss of R110 crore compared with a profit of R800 crore in FY13. RCom’s revenue per tower works out to R18 lakh a year for FY14, nearly 2.2 times that of Bharti Infratel’s revenue per tower. “That RITL reported a net loss despite such healthy revenue per tower challenges out understanding of the telecom tower business,” KIE wrote.
The brokerage terms RCom’s breakup of standalone and consolidated financials “perplexing” given that despite a 50% y-o-y drop in adjusted standalone Ebitda, adjusted consolidated Ebitda gr-ew 4% y-o-y, implying a sharp 36% growth in subsidiary Ebi-tda on a 4% revenue growth.

Govt signals IPR recast ahead of Modis US visitThe government will in six months bring out a liberal and comprehensive IPR policy. (PTI)
New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 5:00 am
Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s scheduled visit to the US, the government has embarked on a process to make the country’s intellectual property rights (IPR) regime, decried by some of the largest US-based transnational firms as weak and restrictive, more robust.
The government will in six months bring out a liberal and comprehensive IPR policy that will address the concerns of the developed world while safeguarding India’s interests, senior government functionaries said here. The government will also facilitate the establishment of a think tank of experts to keep itself informed about the latest IPR issues as well as to help it handle them proactively, they said.
The move comes against the backdrop of India’s allegations that the US was taking a “unilateral measure” through the Special 301 process to create pressure on countries to accept IPR protection beyond the agreement on trade-related IPRs. In April, the Special 301 report (an annual review of the global state of IPR protection and enforcement) had classified India as a “priority watch list country”.
Separately, the European Union has been pitching for a special IPR dispensation for pharmaceutical companies from the bloc under the proposed India-EU free trade pact.
New Delhi had said the Special 301 process is an extraterritorial application of the domestic law of a country and is not tenable under the overall WTO regime.
The Special 301 report flagged concerns over Section 3(d) of India’s Patent Act and compulsory licensing. Section 3(d) does not allow a patent to be granted to inventions involving new forms of a known substance unless it differs significantly in properties with regard to efficacy.
The department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP), the nodal body administering the IPR regime consistent with India’s international commitments, will come out with a draft discussion paper within four months. This will be kept open on the DIPP website for suggestions from the general public and all stakeholders for another two months, following which the comprehensive policy will be announced.
The move comes at a time when the Modi government is carrying out a massive skilling exercise aimed at generating employment in the manufacturing sector to raise its share in the country’s GDP from around 16% to 25% by 2022. A strong IPR regime is considered complementary to this effort as many global companies, especially transnational pharma majors from the US and EU have long said that they could set up manufacturing and R&D facilities in India provided the IPR regime is strengthened.
“The IPR policy will not be restrictive or regressive but it will only give clarity and consistency without any overlap or contradictions. It is also to protect at an international level India’s IPR interests, our heritage, our achievements in pharma, especially generics, the advances we make in science and technology, as well as the patents we continued…

Karthik Gowda gets bailUpdated: September 9, 2014 07:41 IST
Karthik Gowda gets bail
PTI A file photo of Union Railway Minister Sadananda Gowda's son Karthik Gowda.
TOPICS
judiciary (system of justice)
The City Civil and Sessions Court on Monday granted advance bail to Karthik Gowda, son of Union Railway Minster D.V. Sadananda Gowda, charged with raping and cheating a Kannada film actor. Judge G.B. Mudigowder directed Karthik to produce a Rs. 2 lakh bond with two sureties.
In its order, the court directed Karthik to appear before the investigating officer whenever he is summoned and visit R.T. Nagar Police station on the 15th and 30th of every month till the investigation is completed. He was also directed to co-operate with the investigation and not tamper with evidence or influence witnesses. He is to surrender his passport to the police. The court said that bail will be cancelled if any of these conditions are violated.
Judge Mudigowder, in his 62-page judgment, has said that there is confusion as the complainant filed a compliant of rape after two months.
The complainant’s counsel said that they are going to challenge the order in the High Court on Wednesday.
The complaint told the media that this was not a setback for her, as she respected the court order and was sure of getting justice.
The judgement is a relief for the special team, which has fanned out in different directions looking for Karthik. “There is no need to track him down now. He will hopefully come to us at least now since there is no apprehension of arrest,” a senior police officer said.
As part of the procedure, Karthik has to appear before the jurisdictional police and cooperate with the investigation, which includes a medical test, a senior police officer said.

Nifty seen opening higher; may hit fresh record highsDow Jones
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open higher on Tuesday following positive trend seen in other Asian markets . Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to surpass its previous record high of 8180.20 hit on 08 September 2014.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 3 points higher at 8,193 indicating positive opening on the domestic market.
Nifty resumed its upside after a breather of couple of days and concluded at a new life high of 8,173 on a closing basis on Monday. In the immediate term the level of 8040 has now emerged as an important support.
"As long as this support is held there is a possibility that the present upside may stretch higher till 8227 - 8259 range. However, the index appears highly overstretched on the upside and thus we recommend a trailing stop loss of 8040 for all long positions," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"A move below 8040 would be the initial sign of weakness which will be confirmed only if the Nifty breaks 7920," added the report. The brokerage firm maintains a cautious view at these lofty levels.
Overnight, US stocks ended lower after a drop in energy shares, while the Nasdaq edged higher with Yahoo. The S&P 500's decline followed a record close on Friday
"Recent market momentum has been driven by accommodative Fed policy, including bond purchases and low interest rates ," Reuters reported.
Research from the San Francisco Federal Reserve indicated investors expect rates to stay low for longer than the central bank itself does, added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 25.94 points or 0.15 percent, to 17,111.42, the S&P 500 lost 6.18 points or 0.31 percent, to 2,001.53 and the Nasdaq Composite added 9.39 points or 0.2 percent, to 4,592.29.
Asian shares were trading mixed. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.46 per cent higher at 15,777 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.20 per cent lower at 2,321.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Morning Cues: Mkt may be rangebound with upward biasSep 09, 2014, 08.04 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Morning Cues: Mkt may be rangebound with upward bias
Major domestic indices hit historic highs after consolidating for the last two sessions.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Morning Cues: Mkt may be rangebound with upward bias
Major domestic indices hit historic highs after consolidating for the last two sessions.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The Nifty is likely to marginally open in the green with indicator SGX Nifty at 8193, up 3 points at 7:45 a.m.
In the US, stocks mostly declined, with energy producers leading losses on oil's drop to a multi-month low, as investors retreated after a fifth week of gains.
And in Europe, shares closed lower after weak trade data from China and concerns about the Scottish independence vote.
In the currency space, the dollar traded at 14-month highs against a basket of major currencies early on Tuesday, benefiting from a run in sterling and after a Federal Reserve study sparked more buying interest. Giving bulls a boost, a research from the San Francisco fed noted that investors are pricing in a lower trajectory for interest rate rises than members of the Fed itself.
In commodities, Brent crude slipped below USD 100 a barrel for the first time in more than a year as Chinese and US data pointed to slower-than-expected growth. Brent is currently trading above USD 100.
From precious metals space, gold hovered near its lowest in three months following a strong dollar, dimming the metal's appeal as a currency hedge.
In addition, Apple is to announce a big launch later today. The company is widely expected to launch two new iPhones and possibly an iWatch.
And back home, major indices hit historic highs yesterday after consolidating for the last 2 sessions as Sensex rallied nearly 300 points and the Nifty neared 8,200. ( Read more )
Metal and power stocks will be in focus as the Supreme Court hears the coal blocks allocation case today . Meanwhile, the government files its affidavit on coal block allocations in the SC while giving information on producing coal blocks. It also says the court can choose to exempt them by levying a penalty.
Besdies, Cipla  too will be in focus today as the company announces commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma.
In the meantime, TCS  continues to be the blue-eyed boy for the Tata Group, accounting for nearly 96 percent of the group's dividend income. While FY14 has been relatively flat for Tata Sons in terms of dividend received from its group companies, CNBC-TV18 reports that new businesses like real estate and insurance are on the verge of a breakout.
In other news, Supreme Court has granted a 15-day extension for Subrata Roy to stay at the Tihar jail outhouse and sell his assets to get bail. Bank of China has threatened to takeover Sahara's foreign hotels citing doubts over the transactions.
RELATED NEWS

 Dollar Jumps on Yen  Gives Japanese Stocks a LiftYou are here: Home Market
Dollar Sweeps Higher, Japan Shares Shy From Peaks
Reuters | Updated On: September 09, 2014 11:49 (IST)
European Shares Fall as Fed, Scotland Dominate
Sydney: The US dollar held on to broad-based gains in Asia on Tuesday in a boon for shares of Japanese exporters but a burden for oil, gold and stocks in the energy majors.
As the dollar finally broke to a six-year peak on the yen and a one-year top on the euro, Brent oil sank to 16-month lows while gold carved out a three-month trough.
A falling yen tends to be viewed as positive for Japanese exporters and corporate profits, and helped nudge the Nikkei to its highest close since January.
The broader Topix added 0.2 per cent but again failed to clear stiff resistance at this year's peak of 1,308.08. A break there would put it on ground last trod in July 2008.
According to Nomura Securities, a fall of 1 yen against the dollar boosts aggregate operating profits at Topix firms by 300 billion yen.
Markets elsewhere in the region were subdued, with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan down a slight 0.1 per cent.
Despite market concerns over China's economy, stocks there have been buoyed by talk of more stimulus and reform measures.
The CSI300 of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings edged higher on Tuesday having put in its best performance in a year last week with gains of almost 5 per cent.
Financial spreadbetters in Europe predicted opening losses of between 0.3 and 0.4 per cent for the FTSE 100, DAX and CAC 40.
On Wall Street, the Dow closed down 0.15 per cent, while the S&P 500 fell 0.31 per cent but the Nasdaq eked out a 0.2 per cent gain.
Energy led the decline, with the S&P energy index off 1.6 per cent and Exxon Mobil down 1.5 per cent.
Investors were eagerly awaiting the launch of new products by Apple later on Tuesday in a much-hyped event at Cupertino, California.
Apple has fed high expectations, with promises by executives that the company's best product pipeline in 25 years is being readied inside its secretive facilities.
Dollar Up, Pound Down
In currencies, the dollar index climbed as far as 84.496, bringing into view the July 2013 peak of 84.753. A break there will take it to highs not seen since July 2010.
Giving bulls encouragement was research from the San Francisco Fed which noted that investors are pricing in a lower trajectory for interest rates rises than members of the Fed itself are.
"The market's interpretation is that perhaps it had better re-price those expectations," said Emma Lawson, senior currency strategist at National Australia Bank.
As a result, yields on 10-year US Treasuries rose to 2.490 percent, up from a low of 2.3870 touched last Friday after the soft August payrolls report.
The greenback raced to a high of 106.33 yen, while the euro slumped to a low of $1.2868. Investors were already giving the common currency a wide berth after the European Central Bank surprised on Thursday with a fresh round of stimulus.
Sterling was nailed to 10-month lows after a second opinion poll found a marked increase in support for Scottish independence just 10 days before the country votes on whether to break away from the United Kingdom.
The TNS poll found support for independence had risen six points to 38 per cent, just a pip behind the 'No' camp at 39 per cent. That follows a YouGov poll that showed approval of independence at 51 per cent against the unity camp's 49 per cent, the first to find a majority for a 'Yes' vote.
The YouGov poll caused tremors in financial markets on Monday, knocking the pound lower and hurting stocks of companies with a large Scottish presence. Sterling was at a fresh trough of $1.6066 on Tuesday in Asia.
The gains for the dollar meant losses for commodities, with gold down at $1,255.40 an ounce after losing more than 1 per cent on Monday.
Brent crude oil eased another 24 cents to $99.96 per barrel, after slumping as far as $99.36 overnight, the lowest since May 2013. US crude managed a modest bounce of 25 cents to $92.91.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

CBI Chief should not meet accused alone: RaghavanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US Open: Marin Cilic humbles Kei Nishikori to win first grand slamCroatia's Marin Cilic reacts after beating Kei Nishikori of Japan to win his first grand slam title. (Source: AP)
Reuters | New York | Posted: September 9, 2014 8:45 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 8:59 am
Croatia’s Marin Cilic swept past Japan’s Kei Nishikori 6-3 6-3 6-3 to win the U.S. Open on Monday and reach the pinnacle of the sport one year after a doping ban kept him out of the year’s final grand slam.
The big-serving Croatian overwhelmed a weary Nishikori in one hour, 54 minutes to clinch a ruthless victory and deny his 10th-seeded opponent’s bid to become the first Asian man to win a grand slam.
With the win, 14th seed Cilic becomes the first Croatian to win one of the sport’s four grand slam championships since his coach Goran Ivanisevic celebrated a Wimbledon victory in 2001.
“This is all hard work in these last several years and especially this last year,” said Cilic. “My team has brought something special to me, especially Goran, we were working really hard but the most important thing he brought to me was enjoying tennis and always having fun.”
“I enjoyed my best tennis over here and played the best ever in my life.”
The final marked the first time since the 2005 Australian Open that at least one of tennis’s big three of Novak Djokovic, Rafa Nadal and Roger Federer was not playing for the title.
The two players walked onto the Arthur Ashe Stadium court under overcast skies and much more forgiving conditions than the sweltering heat they faced through much of the fortnight.
While both men were playing in their first grand slam final it was Nishikori who displayed more jitters as Cilic quickly found his range and unloaded on his helpless opponent by blasting 17 aces to Nishikori’s two.
Nishikori had his opportunities with nine break chances but could convert just one while Cilic was five of 11 and enjoyed a 38-19 edge in winners.
“It’s a really tough loss but I’m really happy coming to my first final,” said Nishikori, who appeared to run out of gas after beating three consecutive top-10 opponents and having to endure a pair of five-setters. “Sorry I couldn’t get a trophy today(on Monday) but for sure next time.
“It was a really fun two weeks here. I hope I can be coming back next year.”
‘PRETTY NERVOUS’
Cilic had Nishikori on the back foot from start to finish, speeding through the opening set in 33 minutes.
The 14th seed, using his huge wingspan to reach out and bash forehands across court and a booming serve to score easy points, again had an early break in the second and added another to go   up 5-2.
Nishikori mustered a fightback to score his only break of the match and close to 5-3 but the relentless Cilic broke right back for a 2-0 lead killing any momentum his reeling opponent was building.
With a maiden grand slam within sight, Cilic kept his foot on the gas and grabbed an early break in the third.
The only nerves Cilic would show came when he double continued…

DUSU election campaigners work against the clockNew Delhi, September 9, 2014
Updated: September 9, 2014 09:08 IST
DUSU election campaigners work against the clock
Vijetha S.N.
Tweet
Students’ associations have come up with innovative ideas to reach out to as many voters as possible. — PHOTO: MEETA AHLAWAT
As campaigning for DUSU elections reaches a feverish pitch, Vijetha S.N. finds how the students’ organisations are reaching out to 50 colleges in just a week
In politics numbers do not count as much as strategy does.
Having to cover 50 colleges across the city, which come under the Delhi University Students’ Union and with only a week to campaign, students’ associations have come up with innovative ideas to reach out to as many voters as possible.
“We are campaigning along the lines of the Sangh. We have about 600 students on the job, who will be campaigning full time until elections are over,” said Saket Bahuguna, State secretary of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad, the student wing of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS).
The “Sangh” here is divided into three units. “One group is inside the college which has to restrict itself to the premises .
There are other groups that are allowed to move into a bunch of colleges and the third group keeps an overall check. We have also divided our campaigning days in such a manner that all the colleges are covered,” he said, adding that the candidates themselves did not have the time to do anything more than wave to students while passing by them and it were the remaining 600 who were able to connect to students at the ground level.
The All India Students’ Association, affiliated to the CPI (ML), which does not have the resources of the ABVP or the Congress-affiliated National Students’ Union of India, has also divided its cadre into eight teams consisting of 10 to 12 members who have been trying to cover all the colleges.
“I covered 60 to 70 classrooms today,” said AISA State secretary Sunny Kumar, adding that their main strategy rests on merely talking to students.

See positive opening: Ventura SecuritiesLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See positive opening: Ventura Securities
According to Ventura Securities, the markets to open higher following positive trend seen in other Asian markets ahead of August F&O expiry.
Post your opinion here
 
Ventura Securities' market report:
Sensex, on Monday, increased by 293 points and closed at 27,320, mainly on account of broad based buying and crude dropping below $100 a barrel. Among the stocks, Hindalco, ONGC and State Bank of India were the ones which gained the most while among sector indices Oil & Gas, FMCG and Bankex ended on a positive note. Market breadth was positive with 2,074 advances against 956 declines.
Nifty was up by 87 points and closed at 8,174. Today we expect the markets to open higher following positive trend seen in other Asian markets ahead of August F&O expiry.
 
US markets ended flat with Dow Jones down by 0.2 percent and Nasdaq ended up by 0.2 percent, as China trade data fuelled concerns of a supply surplus. The pound weakened the most in more than a year against the dollar on concern Scotland will vote for independence. Today will see data releases on NFIB Small Business Index, JOLTS Job Openings and FOMC Member Tarullo Speaks.
 
Asian markets are trading mixed with Nikkei up by 0.2 percent and Hang Seng down by 0.2 percent. SGX Nifty is trading up by 2 points at 8,193. Indian ADRs ended on a negative note. Among financial ADRs, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank were down by 0.7 percent and 1.5 percent respectively. Among IT ADRs, Wipro was down by 0.5 percent and Infosys was up by 0.2 percent, Tata Motors was up by 0.6 percent.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

Karnataka Bank appoints B A Prabhakar as additional directorSep 09, 2014, 09.07 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Karnataka Bank appoints B A Prabhakar as additional director
Karnataka Bank has appointed Mr B A Prabhakar as an additional director.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Karnataka Bank appoints B A Prabhakar as additional director
Karnataka Bank has appointed Mr B A Prabhakar as an additional director.
Post your opinion here
 
Karnataka Bank Ltd has informed BSE regarding a Press Release dated September 08, 2014 titled "Karnataka Bank appoints Shri B A Prabhakar, former CMP of Andhra Bank as a Director".Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Nifty may gain at opening: Maximus SecuritiesLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty may gain at opening: Maximus Securities
According to Maximus Securities, trading of CNX Nifty futures on the Singapore stock exchange indicates that the Nifty could gain 26 points at the opening bell.
Post your opinion here
 
Maximus Securities' derivative report:
Nifty PCR-OI has increased to 1.27 from 1.15. Rise in the ratio may be due to increase in PE of 8100 and decrease in CE of 8100.
PE of 8100 and CE of 8200 are highest number of contracts traded.
Trading of CNX Nifty futures on the Singapore stock exchange indicates that the Nifty could gain 26 points at the opening bell. Chinese exports rose 9.4% in August from a year earlier, while imports slid 2.4 percent, according to a government report. Japan's economy shrank an annualised 7.1 percent in April-June from the previous quarter, revised down from a preliminary 6.8 percent contraction due to weaker-than-expected capital spending.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Rupee trades lower at 60.46 per dollarThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India  ASEAN Sign Pact On Services And InvestmentsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US Open Men s Final Results: Cilic Overpowers Nishikori to Lift First Grand SlamThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

M&M lines up three compact SUVs over next 2 yearsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Coal scam: SC to decide fate of 218 blocks todayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

AAP promises more sting clipsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US stocks settle mixed as oil prices slipThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cipla in focus after tie-up with S&D PharmaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sjvn today is the agm  as per my discussion with company officer who i...New Member
3 Followers
SJVN today is the AGM, as per my discussion with company officer who i know, the SJVN stock will toch Rs. 27 in a months time. Patience is the key, but this is guranted news, if one wants to make safe money then SJVN is the best bet.
9.28 AM Sep 9th  | Track

Even the mods did not encourage your request...take this as a lesson a...3 Followers
Dear lovestocks234 Ji,
Sometimes when we come across some new scrip we would always want to have views from other dear/senior boarders which would make us take the right decision.
Many people like me are not at all technically sound and we dont have that much time to study from scratch now.
so please take this positively and many a times such discussions help us to get hands on some under-valued scrip with high potential.
I hope i have not crossed any limits and not hurt you in any manner with my words.
Best regards.

Cry baby. what is the issue with you i am here to learn from senior b...New Member
3 Followers
ReddyM Sir and Emranga Sir, How do you find Country Club India and Modern Dairies. Modern Dairies had last yoy 9.44 Cr Profit against Market capital of 48 Cr. Bharat Forge is having promoter stake in it while International Finance Corporation has 20% of Public holding. I am observing both from few months now. Initially both were quite but from last week there is recent action in them.please provide your valuable inputs and comments.
In reply to : ReddyM message
8.47 AM Sep 9th

Markets open negative ahead of SC verdict on coal blockSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 09:30 AM IST
Markets open weak ahead of SC verdict on coal blocks
The main losers on the Sensex are Hindalco, Infosys, ICICI Bank and Tata Motors
Markets have started the trading session marginally weak ahead of ahead of the Supreme Court's decision on coal blocks allocations later today.
By 9:30, the Sensex was lower by 18 points at 27,300 mark and the Nifty dipped by 8 points at 8,165 levels.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 1162.98 crore on Monday, as per provisional data from the stock exchanges.
RUPEE
The rupee is weaker at 60.44/45 versus its Monday's close of 60.29/30. Dollar trades at 14-month highs against a basket of major currencies early on Tuesday.
The index of the dollar against six majors currently up 0.27%.
GLOBAL MARKETS
The U.S. dollar was holding broad-based gains in Asia on Tuesday in a boon for shares of Japanese exporters but a burden for oil, gold and stocks in the energy majors.
As the dollar finally broke to a six-year peak on the yen and a one-year top on the euro, Brent oil sank to 16-month lows while gold carved out a three-month trough.
A falling yen tends to be viewed as positive for Japanese exporters and corporate profits, and helped lift the Topix 0.2 percent to 1,301. That was within a whisker of this year's peak at 1,308.08 and a break there would put it on ground last trod in July 2008.
Markets elsewhere in the region were steady with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan down a slight 0.1%.
Despite market concerns over China's economy, stocks there have been buoyed by talk of more stimulus and reform measures.
SECTORS & STOCKS
BSE Metal index has slipped by almost 0.5% followed by counters like IT, Banks, Capital Goods and Consumer Durables, all dipping between 0.1-0.4%. However, BSE Healthcare, FMCG and Auto indices have gained between 0.1-0.3%.
The main losers on the Sensex are Hindalco, Infosys, ICICI Bank, Tata Motors, Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite and Bharti Airtel.
Metal stocks are in focus with the apex court scheduled to announce its decision on coal block allocations.
On the gaining side, Cipla, TCS, GAIL, Tata Power and NTPC have gained between 0.6-1.5%.
Drug maker Cipla has gained nearly 1.5% to Rs 572 on the BSE after the company on Monday announced commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices have gained between 0.3-0.4%.
The market breadth in BSE remains positive with 1,048 shares advancing and 568 shares declining.
 Advertisements

Rupee logs fifth straight weekly riseUpdated: September 5, 2014 18:08 IST
Rupee logs fifth straight weekly rise
PTI
market and exchange
The rupee on Friday fell back by three paise to end at 60.39 against the US dollar but managed to log its fifth straight weekly rise on account of recent gains.
The rupee commenced lower at 60.44 a dollar from previous close of 60.36 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market. It was then trapped in a limited range of 60.3775 and 60.5175 before finishing at 60.39 — a small loss of three paise or 0.05 per cent.
In previous two days, it had risen by 32 paise or 0.53 per cent. These gains helped the domestic currency register its fifth straight weekly gains as it appreciated by 11 paise.
In the preceding four weeks, it had gained 3 paise, 29 paise, 39 paise and 3 paise against the Greenback.

Microsoft launches Android -centered Nokia X2 smartphone at Rs 8 699Nokia X2 comes with 1.2GHz dual-core Snapdragon processor on-board, 1 GB RAM, 4.3-inch ClearBlack display, 5MP rear camera and 1,800 mAh battery.
PTI | Posted: September 5, 2014 9:27 pm
Beefing up its budget smartphone portfolio, Microsoft Devices today launched Nokia X2, priced at Rs 8,699, in India to compete more aggressively with the likes of Samsung as well as homegrown firms like Micromax.
The Nokia X2 was unveiled globally in June as a successor to its Android-centred Nokia X handsets.
Nokia X2 is representative of the evolution of the Nokia X family, delivering an enhanced experience across user interface, hardware and apps, Microsoft said in a statement.
In February this year, Nokia had announced the ‘Nokia X’ family of affordable smartphones, running Google’s Android apps, at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona.
It has four devices — Nokia X, Nokia X+, Nokia XL and Nokia X2 — under the Nokia X range. Microsoft also sells Asha and Lumia range of smartphones.
With a 1.2GHz dual-core Snapdragon processor on-board, the dual SIM handset will have a 4.3-inch ClearBlack display, 1GB RAM, 5MP rear and VGA front camera and 1,800 mAh battery.
Besides supporting Microsoft apps like Skype and Outlook, the handset will offer 15GB of free cloud storage on OneDrive.
“The enhancements on the Nokia X2 lead to a richer, faster and easier experience designed to introduce the ‘next billion’ people to the mobile Internet and cloud services,” Nokia India Sales (a subsidiary of Microsoft Mobile Oy) Head Mobile Phones Sari Harju said.
Microsoft Devices operates the handset business acquired from Nokia earlier this year for over USD 7.2 billion.
The roadmap ahead for the Nokia X family is, however, not clear.
Microsoft, in July, had said it plans to shift select products from the Android-powered range to Windows platform as it beefs up the affordable Lumia range.
The sub-Rs 10,000 smartphone category is a fiercely competed segment with international as well as homegrown players such as Micromax, Karbonn and Lava vying for a larger chunk of the market.
Microsoft estimates the affordable mobile devices market to be a “USD 50-billion annual opportunity”.
According to analysts, India is the fastest growing smartphone market globally with over 44 million smartphones sold last year.

Sensex extends losses  ends 59 points lowerUpdated: September 5, 2014 23:11 IST
Sensex extends losses, ends 59 points lower
PTI
economy, business and finance
The benchmark Sensex on Friday fell 59.23 points to end at 27,026.70, its second straight session of decline after logging new highs earlier this week, on losses in bluechips including HDFC, ICICI Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Tata Motors amid a weak global trend.
Domestic stock markets opened on a better note with the 30-scrip BSE Sensex touching the day’s high of 27,178.80 points in early trade. It later slipped below the 27,000-mark and touched day’s low of 26,920.56 before ending at 27,026.70, registering a drop of 59.23 points or 0.22 per cent.
Among Sensex 30 components, 17 stocks ended in the negative zone, while 13 closed higher.
On Thursday, the Sensex had lost 54.01 points. It had hit life high of 27,225.85 and closed at record peak of 27,139.94 both on Wednesday.
Brokers said emergence of selling in stocks that had recently witnessed gains and a weak trend in global markets, led to the fall in major indices today.
The 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange also shed 9.10 points, or 0.11 per cent, to end at 8,086.85. During the session, the Nifty shuttled between 8,122.70 and 8,049.85.
Yesterday, it had fallen by 18.65 points.
Among the sectoral indices, the BSE Auto index dropped 0.65 per cent, followed by FMCG 0.32 per cent and Banking index lost 0.30 per cent.
On the other hand, the BSE Realty index surged 1.15 per cent, followed by Capital Goods index 0.86 per cent, Metal index 0.69 per cent and IT index 0.51 per cent, among others.
The BSE Small-cap index advanced 1.25 per cent and Mid-cap index added 0.56 per cent, indicating continued retail investor interest.
Asian shares and the euro slipped Friday after European Central Bank unveiled fresh measures. Eyes are now on the release of US jobs data later on Friday, which could have a bearing on Fed policy.
Europe’s main stock markets also dipped in late morning trades today after data showed the 18-nation eurozone economy stagnated in the second quarter with zero growth.

Scottish Independence Supporters Lead Poll For First TimeScottish Independence Supporters Lead Poll For First Time
Reuters
Updated:
09/06/2014  6:59 pm EDT
A Scottish flag and a Union flag fly outside a Scottish memorabilia shop in Edinburgh, Scotland,  Thursday, Feb. 13, 2014.  (AP Photo/Scott Heppell) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
LONDON, Sept 6 (Reuters) - Supporters of Scottish  independence have taken their first opinion poll lead since the  referendum campaign began, according to a YouGov survey for the  Sunday Times newspaper.
With less than two weeks to go before the Sept. 18 vote, the  poll puts the "Yes" to independence campaign on 51 percent, with  the unionists on 49 percent, overturning a 22-point lead for the  unionist campaign in just a month, the Sunday Times said.
The paper announced the headline results in a news release  ahead of publication. No further details of the poll were  immediately available.
"The YouGov survey ... shows that the nationalists have  taken a two-point lead and are poised to triumph in the  referendum," the paper said.
After months of surveys showing nationalists heading for  defeat, recent polls have been showing the gap narrowing to the  extent that they raise the real prospect that secessionists led  by Alex Salmond's Scottish National Party (SNP) could achieve  their goal of breaking the 307-year-old union with England.
A previous YouGov poll on Sept. 1 put the lead for the "no"  to secession campaign at just six points, down from 14 points in  the middle of August and 22 points at the start of that month.
But the latest average of the polls, issued on Sept. 1 by   Strathclyde University Professor of Politics John Curtice, still  shows the unionist lead at 10 points.
The late showing by the independence camp has hit sterling  on the foreign exchanges and electrified Britain's political  class after its summer break.
A vote to break away would be followed by negotiations with  London on what to do about the currency, the national debt,  North Sea oil and the future of Britain's nuclear submarine base  in Scotland ahead of independence penciled in for March 24,  2016.
If Scots voted to leave the United Kingdom, Prime Minister  David Cameron would face calls to resign ahead of a national  election in May 2015 while the opposition Labor party's chances  of gaining a majority could be scuppered if it lost its Scottish  lawmakers.
Cameron, who is due to visit Queen Elizabeth in Scotland on  Sunday, has insisted he will not resign.
Nationalists accuse London of squandering Scotland's wealth  and say Scotland would be one of the world's richest countries  if it took control of its own destiny.
Unionists, including Britain's three main political parties,  say the United Kingdom is stronger if it stays together and that  Scottish independence would bring significant financial,  economic and political uncertainty.
Politicians from the "Better Together" unionist campaign  have been trying to tempt Scots with offers of greater  devolution.
This week, former Prime Minister Gordon Brown, himself a  Scot, promised Edinburgh more powers over its tax, social and  economic affairs if Scots voted against independence.
The Observer newspaper, in an advance extract of its Sunday  edition, said British ministers planned to make further concrete  offers in coming days to allow Scots to devise a federal future  for their country.
(Reporting by Stephen Addison; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
More:

French President s Popularity Hits Record Low After Tell-All MemoirFrench President Francois Hollande In Trouble Both In Public And Private
 | By                                                                SYLVIE CORBET
Updated:
09/06/2014 10:59 am EDT
French President Francois Hollande watches a flypast at the NATO summit at the Celtic Manor Resort in Newport, Wales on Friday, Sept. 5, 2014. (AP Photo/Jon Super) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
PARIS (AP) — Things can't get much worse for French President Francois Hollande: The economy is lagging; his new government is already under fire; and his private life has just been exposed in a ravaging book by the former first lady.
Adding to his concerns is the possibility that his chief rival — conservative Nicolas Sarkozy — will launch a political comeback this weekend.
The developments have helped push Hollande's popularity to new record lows. Three polls released in recent days show that he has lower approval ratings than every other French president in modern times.
This week, ex-partner Valerie Trierweiler described Hollande as a mean liar in a book released seven months after they broke up, amid reports that he was having an affair with French actress Julie Gayet.
Not only did Trierweiler spread intimate details of Hollande's infidelities, but she also depicted the Socialist leader as someone who despises the poor — a grave political sin for a left-wing leader who won election in 2012 on promises of social justice.
According to Trierweiler, Hollande once disdainfully referred to the poor as those with "no teeth" — a reference to people who can't afford dental care.
The expression shocked many and immediately became the top hashtag on Twitter in France, seized upon by Hollande's critics. Some right-wing activists dubbing themselves the "no teeth" movement held a small protest near the Elysee Palace on Friday evening.
A visibly indignant Hollande defended himself at a news conference, insisting that serving the poor is his "reason for being."
This new political storm comes just days after Hollande appointed a new Cabinet to silence ministers who had openly criticized his economic policy, and to send a pro-business signal to the European Union.
But with unemployment over 10 percent and no economic growth, the new government had no grace period.
A remark by new Economy Minister Emmanuel Macron that he would be open to rethinking France's 35-hour workweek caused big uproar in the French left.
A few days later, Labor Minister Francois Rebsamen said he wanted the country's unemployment services to better monitor jobseekers — causing uproar among unions.
And then Thursday, a junior minister of the new Cabinet, Thomas Thevenoud, was forced to quit because of problems with tax authorities, according to the prime minister's office.
Even once-popular Prime Minister Manuel Valls has seen his approval rating plummet to around 30 percent in recent weeks. He faces a confidence vote Sept. 16 at which dozens of Socialist parliament members who disapprove of Hollande's spending cuts could try to spread rebellion among leftist ranks.
Far right leader Marine Le Pen asked for dissolution of Parliament to organize new elections.
Another threat may come from the mainstream conservatives, meeting this weekend in Nice after a couple of years of division and tumult. Many are hoping that Sarkozy announces his candidacy for the party's top job, a first step toward a potential bid to regain the presidency in 2017 after losing it to Hollande in 2012.
Hollande insisted Friday he wouldn't let the avalanche of bad news get him down.
"I've been elected for 5 years by the French people. There is no poll... that may interrupt (my) term."
Emmanuel Riviere of the TNS-Sofres polling agency linked Hollande's unpopularity to larger malaise.
"France has difficulties projecting into the future, and has doubts about collective mechanisms that made France's greatness in the past years. And this lost confidence applies to the political class in general," he said. "Not one party has more than 30 percent of confidence. This is historic. It has never been seen before."
___
Oleg Cetinic contributed to this report.
Earlier on HuffPost:

Hawks Owner To Sell Team After Revelation Of Racially Charged EmailHawks Owner Bruce Levenson To Sell Team After Telling NBA About Racially Charged 2012 Email
 | By                                                                CHARLES ODUM
reddit
ATLANTA (AP) — Less than one month after the Clippers' sale ended Donald Sterling's ugly downfall, another NBA team is on the market following a racially charged disclosure from its owner.
Atlanta Hawks co-owner Bruce Levenson said Sunday he is selling his controlling interest in the team, thanks in part to an inflammatory email he wrote two years ago.
Levenson said he wrote the email in an attempt "to bridge Atlanta's racial sports divide." Instead, he offered his divisive comments, including his theory that Hawks black fans kept white fans away.
Levenson said he regrets the email sent to the team's co-owners and general manager Danny Ferry in 2012 as "inappropriate and offensive." In a statement released by the team, Levenson said he sent the email due to his concerns about low attendance and a need to attract suburban whites.
He says he later realized the email made it seem white fans were more important. He voluntarily reported the email to the NBA.
"I have said repeatedly that the NBA should have zero tolerance for racism, and I strongly believe that to be true," Levenson said in the statement. "That is why I voluntarily reported my inappropriate email to the NBA.
"After much long and difficult contemplation, I have decided that it is in the best interests of the team, the Atlanta community, and the NBA to sell my controlling interest in the Hawks franchise."
NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said Sunday the league will work with the Hawks' ownership group and CEO Steve Koonin, who now will oversee all team operations.
Silver said the league's independent investigation "regarding the circumstances of Mr. Levenson's comments" in the email was ongoing when he was told Saturday night of Levenson's plan to sell his share of the team.
Silver said he supported Levenson's decision.
"As Mr. Levenson acknowledged, the views he expressed are entirely unacceptable and are in stark contrast to the core principles of the National Basketball Association," Silver said. "He shared with me how truly remorseful he is for using those hurtful words and how apologetic he is to the entire NBA family — fans, players, team employees, business partners and fellow team owners — for having diverted attention away from our game.
"I commend Mr. Levenson for self-reporting to the league office, for being fully cooperative with the league and its independent investigator, and for putting the best interests of the Hawks, the Atlanta community, and the NBA first."
Sterling was forced to sell the Los Angeles Clippers after a recording surfaced in April of the owner scolding his girlfriend for bringing black men to Clippers games. Steve Ballmer officially became the team's new owner on Aug. 12.
In the email sent in August 2012, Levenson said "southern whites" were uncomfortable at games.
"My theory is that the black crowd scared away the whites and there are simply not enough affluent black fans to build a significant season ticket base," Levenson said in the email released Sunday by the Hawks.
"Please don't get me wrong. There was nothing threatening going on in the arena back then. I never felt uncomfortable, but I think southern whites simply were not comfortable being in an arena or at a bar where they were in the minority."
Levenson said Hawks crowds were 70 percent black, the team's cheerleaders were black and hip-hop music was played.
"Then I start looking around at other arenas," Levenson said. "It is completely different."
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Atlanta's population was 54 percent black and 38.4-percent white in 2010. For metro Atlanta, the ratio is 55.4 percent white and 32.4 percent black.
Levenson said he often heard fans say the area around Philips Arena in downtown Atlanta is dangerous.
"This was just racist garbage," Levenson said. "When I hear some people saying the arena is in the wrong place I think it is code for there are too many blacks at the games."
Though he said he disagreed with the conclusion, he said he told team executives to add white cheerleaders and music "familiar to a 40-year-old white guy."
Added Levenson in the email: "I have even (complained) that the kiss cam is too black."
Atlanta mayor Kasim Reed said the comments in Levenson's email were "reprehensible and offensive."
"The statements do not represent the city of Atlanta's history of diversity and inclusion, and we will be clear and deliberate in denouncing and repudiating them," Reed said. "I applaud the NBA's efforts to enforce a no-tolerance policy of discrimination. As a city, we will continue to stand behind the Atlanta Hawks organization as they work to find new ownership that reflects the values and ideals of a city that is too busy to hate."
The Rev. Al Sharpton released a statement encouraging Silver "to continue vetting all owners."
"The announcement by Bruce Levenson is welcomed and appropriate by those of us in the civil rights community, that raised the issue of Donald Sterling's need to be removed, and that other owners must be held accountable," Sharpton said.
Though the NBA investigation of the email was ongoing, Levenson apparently concluded he couldn't continue in his ownership role.
"If you're angry about what I wrote, you should be," Levenson said in Sunday's statement. "I'm angry at myself, too. It was inflammatory nonsense. We all may have subtle biases and preconceptions when it comes to race, but my role as a leader is to challenge them, not to validate or accommodate those who might hold them."
This is not Levenson's first effort to sell the team. In 2011, the Hawks' ownership group, headed by Levenson and Michael Gearon Jr., made an unsuccessful attempt to sell to California developer and pizza chain owner Alex Meruelo.
The group acquired the Hawks and the NHL Thrashers from Time Warner in 2004. The Thrashers were sold and moved to Winnipeg in 2011.
UPDATE: READ EMAIL BELOW:
— Jeff Zillgitt (@JeffZillgitt) September 7, 2014
Next portion on Levenson's email: pic.twitter.com/GDMGGDYfv0
— Jeff Zillgitt (@JeffZillgitt) September 7, 2014
Next portion of Levenson's email: pic.twitter.com/FDQ4hzajIK
— Jeff Zillgitt (@JeffZillgitt) September 7, 2014
Next portion of Levenson's email: pic.twitter.com/L93mYkNGel
— Jeff Zillgitt (@JeffZillgitt) September 7, 2014
Next portion of Levenson's email: pic.twitter.com/f5SlyLEDNa
— Jeff Zillgitt (@JeffZillgitt) September 7, 2014
Final portion of Levenson's email: pic.twitter.com/YhIxpe97Mn
— Jeff Zillgitt (@JeffZillgitt) September 7, 2014
More:

UK Offers Scotland More Autonomy Ahead Of VoteUK Offers Scotland More Autonomy Ahead Of Vote
Posted:
Updated:
09/07/2014  9:59 am EDT
The Saltire, the flag of Scotland flies above the Union flag at the site of the Auld Acquaintance cairn which is being constructed at a site on the banks of the River Sark in Gretna in Scotland, which is thought to be the historic border between Scotland and England, taken on August 17, 2014. A month to the day until Scotland votes on whether to split from Britain, opinion polls Monday showed the pro-independence camp gaining ground as First Minister Alex Salmond insisted his side had a 'spring  | ANDY BUCHANAN via Getty Images
reddit
LONDON (AP) — The British government plans to offer Scotland more financial autonomy in the coming days as polls predict a very close vote in the upcoming referendum on Scottish independence.
Chancellor George Osborne told BBC on Sunday that the government is finalizing plans to give Scotland "much greater" fiscal and tax autonomy and will unveil the proposals in the coming days.
He spoke after polls showed a tightening of the vote ahead of the landmark September 18 referendum on whether Scotland should become independent from Britain. The latest surveys show those who favor independence gaining ground despite British government warnings about possible pitfalls.
Osborne said the polls show how important every vote will be and reiterated that an independent Scotland would not be able to use the British pound.
He said Britain's three main political parties understand Scottish voters want more autonomy and that the new proposals would be substantive.
Scottish Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said the British government's "Better Together" campaign seemed to be "engulfed in panic" as the competition for votes tightens.
She said that if the British government was serious about giving Scotland more financial powers it would not have waited until two weeks before the referendum.
"There is no option of more powers short of independence on the ballot paper," she said. "There is no guarantee whatsoever that if Scotland votes 'No' we will get a single additional power for the Scottish Parliament."
More:

Statistical highlights of the Twenty20 international between India and EnglandUpdated: September 8, 2014 09:50 IST
Statistical highlights of the Twenty20 international between India and England
PTI
AP England's Eoin Morgan, center, celebrates with Moeen Ali after India's Ajinkya Rahane, right, was bowled by Moeen Al for 8 runs.
TOPICS
Twenty20
India had won seven matches in a row while chasing in T20Is between September 30, 2012 and April 4, 2014, before losing to England by three runs.
England (180 for seven) have recorded their highest total against India in England in T20Is — their highest ever is 200 for six at Durban on September 19, 2007. They have defended a total of 180 nine times in T20Is.
Ajinkya Rahane became the first Indian fielder to take four catches in an innings in T20Is, joining Darren Sammy (West Indies), Peter Borren (Netherlands), Correy Anderson (New Zealand) and Dinesh Chandimal (Sri Lanka).
Moeen Ali has posted his second duck in T20Is — his first was against Sri Lanka at Chittagong on March 27, 2014.
England's Moeen Ali leaves the field after being dismissed for a duck as teammate Alex Hales (R) looks on. Photo: Reuters
England have won all three games in T20Is against India in England — by 3 runs at Lord’s on June 14, 2009; by six wickets at Old Trafford, Manchester on August 31, 2011 and by 3 runs at Edgbaston, Birmingham on September 7, 2014.
England have won five games and lost three out of eight T20Is played against India — success % 62.50.
England have won both their games at Edgbaston in T20Is — their first win was by 28 runs vs South Africa on September 12, 2012.
Mohammed Shami (3/38) has recorded his best bowling performance in T20Is.
Eoin Morgan’s splendid 71 off 31 balls is a record by an England batsman against India in T20Is, eclipsing Alex Hales’ 56 off 35 balls at Pune on December 20, 2012. His first fifty against India is his sixth in T20Is.
England's Eoin Morgan hits a six. Photo: Reuters
Morgan’s superb strike rate of 229.03 is the highest by a batsman against India in T20Is, bettering Pakistan’s Mohammad Hafeez’s 211.53 during his 55 off 26 balls at Ahmedabad on December 28, 2012.
Morgan became the second captain to hit seven sixes in an innings in T20Is. Chris Gayle was the first skipper to record the feat, achieving the feat against India during his magnificent innings of 98 off 66 balls at Bridgetown on May 9, 2010.
Morgan became the fourth batsman to register seven sixes in an innings against India in T20Is, joining David Warner (Australia) at Bridgetown on May 7, 2010; Chris Gayle (WI) at Bridgetown on May 9, 2010 and Shane Watson (Australia) at Colombo (RPS) on September 28, 2012.
Morgan has become the second England batsman after Ravi Bopara to hit seven sixes in an innings in T20Is. Bopara, during his magnificent knock of 65 not out off 27 balls vs Australia at Hobart on January 29, 2014, had registered seven sixes.
Morgan became the second England captain to register a fifty in T20Is. Paul Collingwood was the first to accomplish the feat — once each vs West Indies, New Zealand and South Africa.
Morgan’s aforesaid knock is his first fifty in 14 T20Is in England.
Morgan has received his second Man of the Match award vs India — his fourth in T20Is.
Virat Kohli (66 off 41 balls) has established a record for most fifties (nine) for India in T20Is, eclipsing Yuvraj Singh’s tally of eight fifties.
India's Virat Kohli, right, takes a run. Photo: AP
Kohli, with 184 runs at an average of 30.66 in six matches, including a fifty, is the leading run-getter in India-England T20Is.
In his last six innings, Kohli has recorded five fifties in T20Is. His tally includes four consecutive fifties in chases in T20Is — 54 vs West Indies; 57 not out vs Bangladesh; 72 not out vs South Africa and 66 vs England.
Kohli is the leading run-getter for India in T20Is — 972 (ave.46.28) in 28 matches, eclipsing Yuvraj Singh’s tally of 968 (ave.31.22) in 40 matches.
India captain MS Dhoni, left, leaves the pitch with teammate Ambati Rayudu after India lost to England by 3 runs. Photo: AP
India have lost four matches in T20Is while chasing with MS Dhoni remaining unbeaten — the last occasion being — 22 vs New Zealand at Chennai on September 11, 2012.
Ravichandran Ashwin had conceded 17 runs in his first over — the most runs scored off an Indian bowler in the first over of a T20.
Mahendra Singh Dhoni leaves the field after his team lost the T20 international. Photo: Reuters

See Nifty at 10700 by Dec 2015; Bank Nifty to lead: JM Financial08:00 am
The stellar run of Indian indices is likely to continue, believes Gautam Shah, associate director and technical analyst, JM Financial. In an interview to CNBC-TV18 he says this bull market is here to stay and we are still in the first leg.  For September, 7850 seems to be the new base for the Nifty, but it could hit 10,700 by December 2015, he adds. He expects Nifty to find minor resistance at 8,250.
Going ahead, Nifty’s upmove will be led by Bank Nifty, which may hit 18,700-19,000 levels in the near-term. He sees 15,300-15,500 as support levels for the banking index.
Shah recommends retail investors to bet on midcap stocks via mutual funds because the space is moving with good momentum. On specific stocks, he is positive on oil and gas major ONGC .
Also Read: 8 Sensex blue-chips add Rs 52,277 cr in market valuation
Below is the verbatim transcript of Gautam Shah’s interview with CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy
Sonia: Record highs, 8140 has been crossed effortlessly and 27200 on the Sensex. In terms of the bull run are we still in the nascent stage you think or now we are somewhere in the middle of this bull run and you should start to weigh the pros and cons at this point?
A: The markets continue to be on a very strong wicket. How much of a cliché it might sound but the bull market is on and is here to stay. And the way the markets have reacted to some adverse news flow from global markets in the last couple of months, I think that is quite incredible. In fact if you look at the price action itself sometime in late July and early August there was this set-up on the charts which had turned a little weak and it is because of that we said last time that may be the market should see a period of correction.
But what really happened was very interesting because the Nifty just saw a 300 points correction from that level of 7,800 to 7,500 but if you look at the way the sectors and stocks behaved out of the index, it was completely a different story. The oil and gas index, the metals index and the capital goods index lost 10 percent each while the Nifty was in that range and it just lost about 300 points and you had a scenario wherein the Bank Nifty underperformed for as much as three months, mid May to mid August and obviously we have seen the way the reality in infrastructure sectors have behaved. So if you look at all of these factors, what we witnessed was really a running correction which is very typical of strong bull markets and we have seen something like this in that 2003-2007 period.
This market is clearly headed higher. The way it has taken out that 7840-7950 resistance in the last couple of weeks, that clearly suggests that this market just does not want to correct. Yes it is slightly overbought, I think a lot of technicians might argue looking at some of the divergences, but I don’t think that is important because in bull markets you have to give complete important to the price action and I think the price action has been extremely smooth as you pointed out.
Also when we look at technical studies I think the moving average is one study that works brilliantly in bull markets. You can see 2003-2007 examples and every correction in the last three and half months has stopped at the 50 exponential moving average. So this is something that has been working well and therefore we would like to monitor it and that is the reason I believe that till the Nifty is above 7800-7900 which is the new base for the month of September, I think this market is clearly headed higher. Yes there will be corrections from time-to-time, but that is purely going to be a minor one.
I think 8200-8250 is a minor resistance area which we have been working with in the last couple of weeks. We are almost there but the market will deal with it, but eventually in this leg of the run we see the Nifty moving towards 8600-8700 and there we will have to do a review of the step-up whether the market continues to move higher or whether we see another period of correction. The reason I say this is because October has historically seasonally been a little negative month for our markets. So keeping that in mind, the next two-three weeks looks pretty comfortable but as we get into October things might just turn a little negative.
Latha: When you say comfortable is there a level that the market should worry about?
A: You know bull markets do not have levels because you are trading in uncharted territory and you really don’t know where it is going to stop. I once again give you the example of 2003-2007 when the Sensex started off moving from 3000 levels, who thought that it is going to go all the way upto 21000 and it is going to terminate there. So it is very difficult to put a number to the current bull market. If I have to really stick my neck out for the next 12-18 months, the eventual target for this bull market could be about 10700 on the Nifty and we could be there by December 2015, but this is a target for investor clients.
For people who are trading this market on a regular basis, on a weekly basis, I think every small correction looks very damaging because even if the Nifty loses 100 points, you have a scenario where in suddenly you have so many stocks losing 10-15 percent. So from an investors perspective, you need to deal this market differently and from a trading angle you need to keep a close watch at support levels. Also I feel that this is really the first leg of this bull market.
The last time I mentioned that may be the market has completed the first leg, but I think the first leg of any bull market has a very fairly tale feeling to it because just about everything is perfect, the volumes are good, momentum is great, the news flow gets better as we have seen in the last one and half months. At least on the local front and there seems to be a herd mentality, there seems to be a herd which is active in the market and till the market does not really satisfy the appetite of people who want to go long in this market, I don’t think you will see a serious correction of 10 percent which has really not happened so far. And this move that we have seen so far from January to September, I think is very similar to that move that we saw in 2003 wherein the market doubled in about 8-10 months or may be 12 months.
At some point of time just about everybody is going to be satisfied right from the stronger hands to the weaker hands and once they are satisfied, you will see a 10 percent correction which has to happen at some point of time in the next three months. Then may be we start the next leg of the bull market which is going to be much more measured.
Sonia: So what are the stocks that could take the market to this 10700 level by December 2015?
A: I am very encouraged with the way the Bank Nifty has behaved in the recent past. Even last time I mentioned that since the Nifty is making higher highs and the Bank Nifty is not doing that, it was a little uncomfortable because in the past if you look at the correlation, they generally move hand in hand and whenever the Bank Nifty has led the Nifty higher it has always been a sustainable move.
For three months the Bank Nifty stayed in a 2000 point range and once it broke out above 15700 last month, I think that was a very positive sign because the Bank Nifty has behaved perfectly from January to mid May, it saw a phenomenal rise which all of us saw and all of us made money out of it. But thereafter this three months of underperformance has made the setup really strong. And now we feel that the banking index is really ready for the next big move up and our eventual target, investors target for the Bank Nifty is about 18700 to 19000. So there is serious money to be made in this particular index.
Within the index itself I think we like some of the private banks which have phenomenal setups and even though they are trading at 52 week highs, I think you really don’t know where they are going to stop because if the bull market is intact I think the private banks will continue to do well. And for the Bank Nifty itself I think you have good support around that 15300-15500 mark. So I would like to believe that the Bank Nifty will continue to lead this market higher.
Apart from this I really like the way the oil and gas index and the capital goods index have corrected. I just highlighted that these two indices saw a pretty substantial decline of 10-12 percent in July and August and now both these indices are really set for substantial upside. I think the oil and gas index has underperformed for a long time and the time has now come for this index to really take leadership once again. And if it does take leadership, it will really help the markets move substantially higher, so these three would probably be my best bets.
But if you have to look at something safe and absolutely steady, that would be the defensives because this has really become an evergreen space, it does well whether it is bad times or good times. So you want to have a substantial part of your portfolio in FMCG, healthcare and IT because even if the markets have to move to the targets that we are talking of, I think defensives will continue to do well.
RELATED NEWS

This NFL Fan Map Breaks Down America s Real Rooting Interestsreddit
It ain't easy being Gang Green.
With the 2014 NFL season kicking off, the Facebook Data Team created a county-by-county map of NFL fandom throughout the United States by counting up football fans' "Like" clicks for each of the 32 teams. The result is a kaleidoscopic topography of rooting interests suggesting that the Broncos might soon be ready to challenge the Cowboys for the title of "America's Team" and that the Raiders should probably just move back to Los Angeles.
Perhaps the most significant difference between the 2014 edition of this NFL fandom map and the one created by Facebook in 2013 is that the New York Jets no longer have control of a single county in the United States to call their own. In 2013, Nassau County on Long Island was the lone locale in the Empire State representing Rex Ryan's bunch.
CLICK HERE for larger version of map
More:

Morgan Stanley upgrades Marico to overweightMorgan Stanley upgrades Marico to overweight, cuts Dabur, Godrej Consumer
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 18:58 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Marico gained 1.1 per cent after Morgan Stanley upgraded the stock to "overweight" from "equal-weight".
Meanwhile, the financial services major downgraded Dabur India and Godrej Consumer Products to "equal-weight" from "overweight".
"Our stock selection criteria continue to favour earnings momentum and relative value," the investment bank said.
Marico is attractive at 18 per cent below Dabur and in line with its last 4 years' average price-to-earnings valuation, it added.
Shares of Marico closed at Rs 289.95 a piece, up 8.8 points (or 3.13 per cent) on Monday at the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
(Reuters)

Swift touches 4 mn mark in cumulative global salesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Swift touches 4 mn mark in cumulative global sales
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 8:  
Japan’s small car major Suzuki Motor Corporation has clocked four million milestone in total global sales of its successful premium hatchback Swift with about half-of-them coming from India.
According to information available on the company’s Web site, Swift, which was launched as a world strategic model in 2004, reached cumulative worldwide sales of four million units in August 2014 — nine years and nine months since the start of sales in 2004.
“Especially in India, ever since its launch in 2005, the Swift steadily increased its sales in line with the market expansion due to economic growth, such as by adding diesel variants and sedans. Of the four million units, units sold in India account for approximately half of them,” the company said.
At present the Swift is available in India priced between Rs 4.42 lakh and Rs 6.7 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi) in both petrol and diesel options.
The Swift was first produced and sold in Japan in November 2004. In the following year, production and distribution began in Hungary, India, and China.
Full-model change was made in 2010, and production and distribution also began in Thailand in March 2012.
Suzuki said out of the total global sales, 19 per cent were sold in Europe and 11 per cent in Japan.
In June 2008, the model crossed one million units in cumulative worldwide production and in January 2011, total global sales reached two million units.
Last year in January, Swift had reached the three million mark in cumulative worldwide sales.
The model is currently produced in eight countries worldwide and sold in more than 140 countries and regions around the world.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Nifty struggles to hit 8150; tyre stocks rally  midcaps upSep 08, 2014, 02.00 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty struggles to hit 8150; tyre stocks rally, midcaps up
ONGC, Bajaj Auto, Hindalco, HUL and HDFC Bank are top gainers in the Sensex while Maruti, M&M, Tata Motors and HDFC.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty struggles to hit 8150; tyre stocks rally, midcaps up
ONGC, Bajaj Auto, Hindalco, HUL and HDFC Bank are top gainers in the Sensex while Maruti, M&M, Tata Motors and HDFC.
Post your opinion here
13:00
Moneycontrol Bureau
1:30 pm FII view: In a very optimistic call, Jim Walker, MD, Asianomics expects the current bull run in Indian indices to continue till 2018. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, he says this is not the time to think about end of the bull run instead it is great time to buy into the market.  On specific sectors, Walker finds value in industrial and cyclical stocks. He says the industrial midcap space holds the best value right now.
"I think you might be talking about 2017-2018 before this bull run is finished. We do have a global economy that is looking for growth and turns in the business cycle and India is providing that. I do not think we could be thinking about the end of the bull run anytime soon," he adds.
Don't miss: ONGC, OIL surge 3-4%; BoA ML upgrades on oil reforms hopes
It's a strong day of trade on Dalal Street with the Nifty & Sensex scaling fresh highs. The Nifty is still trying hard to hit 8150. The 50-share index is up 47.85 points at 8134.70 while the Sensex is up 160.90 points at 27187.60. About 1905 shares have advanced, 888 shares declined, and 92 shares are unchanged.
ONGC, Bajaj Auto, Hindalco, HUL and HDFC Bank are top gainers in the Sensex while Maruti, M&M, Tata Motors and HDFC.
Tyre stocks like CEAT, Apollo Tyres and JK Tyres are on rampage today as rubber prices see sharpest fall in last 5 years. Rubber prices are down 25 percent since January average of Rs 169 per kg.
Gold prices were up by 0.27 percent to Rs 27,614 per 10 gram in futures trade as speculators enlarged positions amid a firming global trend. Analysts said the rise in gold prices at futures trade was mostly attributed to a firming trend overseas as speculators enlarged positions.
12:00

Bharti Airtel to sell  lease towers in AfricaBharti Airtel to sell over 3,500 African mobile phone masts
Devidutta Tripathy     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 14:40 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Bharti Airtel has agreed to sell more than 3,500 of its mobile phone masts in six African countries to telecommunications tower company Eaton Towers in a bid to cut costs, the companies said on Monday.
The telecommunications services company will lease back the towers from Eaton under a 10-year contract, the companies said in a statement. They did not disclose financial details of the deal.
In July, Bharti Airtel agreed to sell about 3,100 masts in four African countries to Helios Towers Africa. The sales are part of the Indian group's plan to divest most of its more than 15,000 towers in Africa in a process that sources have said could raise up to $2 billion.
(Reuters)

Asian Paints at new high  ASSOCHAM sees 20% industry growthSep 08, 2014, 04.10 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Asian Paints at new high, ASSOCHAM sees 20% industry growth
The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham), on September 4, said Indian paint industry is likely to surge from the current level of about Rs 40,600 crore to about Rs 62,000 crore by 2016 witnessing a breathtaking double-digit compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of about 20 percent.

Sunflag Iron surges 9%  Japanese company to buy 10% stakeSep 08, 2014, 02.34 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sunflag Iron surges 9%, Japanese company to buy 10% stake
A meeting of the board of directors of the company will be held on September 11, to issue and allotment of 1,80,21,945 equity shares to Daido Steel Company, Japan on preferential basis, amongst others, said the company in its filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sunflag Iron surges 9%, Japanese company to buy 10% stake
A meeting of the board of directors of the company will be held on September 11, to issue and allotment of 1,80,21,945 equity shares to Daido Steel Company, Japan on preferential basis, amongst others, said the company in its filing.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors accumulated Sunflag Iron and Steel Company on Monday on the news of funds infusion by Japanese company. The stock rallied as much as 9 percent to hit a 52-week high of Rs 33.70 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
A meeting of the board of directors of the company will be held on September 11, to issue and allotment of 1,80,21,945 equity shares to Daido Steel Company, Japan on preferential basis, amongst others, said the company in its filing.
Sunflag is engaged in business of manufacturing special alloy steel, stainless steel, micro alloyed steel, special carbon steel and bearing steel.
The Competition Commission of India, on August 27, had cleared the proposal of acquisition of 10 percent stake in company by Daido Steel Company.
"The overlap between products and vertical relationship between parties is insignificant and would not raise any competition concerns in India. Further, based on the total market value of the steel industry in India, the market shares of Daido and Sunflag are also insignificant," CCI explained.
In 2012, Sunflag entered a non-exclusive license agreement with Daido to use technology for speciality steel bars manufacturing and then again in 2013, it signed license agreement for manufacture of different types of speciality steel bars.
Daido and its group companies do not manufacture steel in India. It exports mechanical construction steel and stainless steel to its subsidiary Daido Kogyo India for sale in India.
At 14:27 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 32.45, up Rs 1.55, or 5.02 percent amid huge volumes.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Five minute walk every hour good for your heartPrint
Indo-Asian News Service | New York | Posted: September 8, 2014 3:46 pm
If you are working long hours at the desk, do make it a point to take a five minute walk every hour to reverse negative effects of prolonged sitting, says an Indian-origin researcher.
“We found that easy five minute walks can reverse harm caused to leg arteries during hours of prolonged sitting,” claimed Saurabh Thosar, a post-doctoral researcher from the Oregon Health and Science University.
When people sit, slack muscles do not contract to effectively pump blood to the heart.
Blood can pool in the legs and affect the endothelial function of arteries or the ability of blood vessels to expand from increased blood flow.
“We have shown that prolonged sitting impairs endothelial function, which is an early marker of cardio-vascular disease and that breaking sitting time prevents the decline in that function,” added Thosar, who led the study as a doctoral candidate from Indiana University’s school of public health.
The study involved 11 non-obese, healthy men between ages 20-35.
In one trial, they sat for three hours without moving their legs.
In the second trial, the men sat during a three-hour period but also walked on a treadmill for five minutes at a speed of two mph at the half hour, 1.5 and 2.5 hour marks respectively.
Researchers demonstrated that during a three-hour period, the flow mediated dilation, or the expansion of the arteries as a result of increased blood flow, of the main artery in the legs was impaired by as much as 50 percent after just one hour.
The participants who walked for five minutes each hour of sitting saw their arterial function stay the same – it did not drop throughout the three-hour period.
“Normally, a working adult sits for approximately eight hours a day. The impairment in endothelial function is significant after just one hour of sitting. It is interesting to see that light physical activity can help in preventing this impairment,” Thosar concluded.

Pound slides on Scotland vote jittersLast updated: September 8, 2014 9:15 pm
Pound slips on Scottish independence jitters
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4f8799e-3705-11e4-85be-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

‘Mary Kom’ scoops nearly Rs.30 crore in opening weekendPriyanka Chopra hopes the movie has a "wonderful run".
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 9:30 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 9:58 am
 
Bollywood film “Mary Kom” hit 1,800 screens in the country and raked in Rs.28.32 crore in the opening weekend with maximum collections from Delhi and Mumbai. The film is going housefull in Assam and Meghalaya, but the overall contribution to the box office earnings from the region is just one per cent, said trade experts. (Read review: Mary Kom )
About Manipur’s five-time World boxing champion M.C. Mary Kom , the film hit 72 cinemas in Assam and just two in Meghalaya. The footfall is overwhelming, but the total contribution is not much.
“The subject of the film is known and Mary is from the northeast, so naturally there are sentiments attached,” a distributor from Assam told IANS.
“There were many students who watched it on the first day itself. In both Assam and Meghalaya, the shows were houseful. Many were left inspired and clapped in the end of the film too,” he added.
The northeast region, made of eight states, also including Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura and Sikkim, has a handful of operational cinema halls.
“The Assam government is trying to pull the crowds by exempting entertainment tax on ‘ Mary Kom ‘. But only one percent contribution was made to the domestic box office collection,” said the distributor.
Assam’s Ashiq Zaman, a government official, was lucky to watch it on the first day and he found it “inspiring”, but he was not too convinced with Priyanka Chopra in the title role.
“Northeast states are hardly highlighted in mainstream cinema, so I wanted to see how they would present Manipur and its people. Priyanka has done well, but it was like watching Tom Hanks (Hollywood actor) playing Muhammad Ali (former African American boxer),” said Zaman.
“There were lot of Manipuri people in the audience. About 50 percent of the audience must have been Manipuri who are staying in Assam,” he added.
Meanwhile, producers are trying to release the film in Kom’s hometown, where around 60 to 70 films in Meitei language are made in a year. But Hindi films screenings are banned since early 2000 due to an insurgent groups’ diktat.
“Manipur release was initiated earlier, but there was no positive response as Hindi films are not screened there. However, all efforts are in the direction of getting a theatrical release in Manipur,” said a source from Viacom18 Motion Pictures.
Whether it releases in Manipur or not, the people in the state are certainly not going to miss it.
“Hindi movies are banned in Manipur, but there are so many CDs available in the market. If not theatre, people here will definitely get their hands continued…

Centre will not allow FDI in multi-brand retail: Nirmala SitharamanUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: The NDA government will not allow foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail, Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said on Monday.
"We are clear that FDI will not be allowed in multi-brand retail trade. We shall not entertain FDI in MBRT. There is no ambiguity. There is no confusion on this," she said while addressing a press conference to mark 100 days of the new government.
Sitharaman said her party, BJP, has clearly articulated its position on the MBRT and had won the elections on the basis of the manifesto.
Sitharaman said her party, BJP, has clearly articulated its position on the MBRT and had won the elections on the basis of the manifesto.
The UPA government had opened the multi-brand retail sector for foreign investment and allowed up to 51 per cent FDI in the sector. The BJP had opposed the policy.
The politically sensitive multi-brand retail segment in India employees millions and is dominated by mom-and-pop stores.
While the new government is against FDI in the sector, it has not yet initiated any move to scrap the policy of allowing FDI in multi-brand retail approved by the UPA government.
During the UPA regime, only one investment proposal of UK-based Tesco was cleared for the sector.

Motilal Oswal Financial ServicesRahul Shah
Motilal Oswal Financial Services
Rahul Shah is a Bachelor in commerce from the University of Mumbai with a Masters in Management Studies(Finance) from the K.J. Somaiya Institute of Management, Mumbai. At Motilal Oswal, in his capacity as Group leader -Equity Advisory Group., he has led the active equity investment team since 2007.
ABOUT Rahul Shah
Rahul Shah is a Bachelor in commerce from the University of Mumbai with a Masters in Management Studies(Finance) from the K.J. Somaiya Institute of Management, Mumbai. At Motilal Oswal, in his capacity as Group leader -Equity Advisory Group., he has led the active equity investment team since 2007.

Cipla announces commercial tie-up with UK s S&D PharmaCipla announces commercial tie-up with UK-based S&D Pharma
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 18:41 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Pharmaceutical firm Cipla on Monday announced commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
In a Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) filing, Cipla said this collaboration will enable it to focus on its core therapy areas, while S&D Pharma will be the key partner for generics.
Under the collaboration, Cipla will drive its respiratory product portfolio in both Czech Republic and Slovakia through a Cipla-owned sales force team, managed by Cipla commercial head, the company said in a statement.
S&D Pharma will physically distribute all products, including respiratory products , and this portfolio will increase over the next few years, it added.
Commenting on the announcement, Cipla, Europe Head, Frank Pieters said, "We are excited to partner with S&D Pharma and believe that this collaboration will enable us to drive access in the Czech Republic and Slovakia across therapy areas in the coming years."
"Through this collaboration we have secured a competitive and varied product pipeline  for the future and very much look forward to contributing to the future success of Cipla 's respiratory range," S&D Pharma CEO Daniel Straus said.
The company said that in the near future, after regulatory approvals, the Salmeterol-Fluticasone fixed combination inhaler will be launched in both markets under the name Fullhale.
"With Fullhale we will offer in Czech Republic and Slovakia an alternative which is effective and efficient and therefore brings many advantages into a market which suffers from limited resources," Cipla added.

Rupee logs six-week peak of 60.29 vs US dollar  up 10 paisePress Trust of India |  Mumbai Sep 08, 2014
Last Updated at 06:08 PM IST
Rupee logs six-week peak of 60.29 vs US dollar, up 10 paise
The Indian rupee today appreciated by ten paise to end at a nearly six-week high of 60.29 against the Greenback tracking a solid rally in local shares and continued dollar selling by exporters and some banks.
The Indian rupee today appreciated by ten paise to end at a nearly six-week high of 60.29 against the Greenback tracking a solid rally in local shares and continued dollar selling by exporters and some banks.
Good inflows also helped the rupee even as the widely tracked dollar index was up 0.10% against six major global rivals, forex dealers said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced strong at 60.29 a dollar from last Friday's close of 60.39.
Rupee traded in a narrow range of 60.19 and 60.31, before concluding at its opening level of 60.29 -- a rise of ten paise or 0.17%. This is the strongest level since the the rupee had settled at 60.06 on July 30, 2014.
The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex today shot up by 293.15 points, or 1.08%, to log new closing peak of 27,319.85.
FPIs/FIIs infused $54.16 million last Friday, taking the total to $710.33 million in the current month so far, as per Sebi data.
In forwards market today, premium continued to close narrowly mixed in recent few days.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February edged down to 242-244 paise from 242.5-244.5 paise previously while far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 rose further to 498-500 paise from 495.5-497.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 60.2628 and for the euro at 77.9439.
The rupee bounced back with vengeance against the pound to 97.25 from last weekend's close of 98.48 and also recovered to 78.08 per euro crom 78.26.
It, however, remained firm to 57.29 per 100 Japanese yen from 57.41 previously.
 Advertisements

Thousands of Gazans living in schoolsPalestinian children play outside a U.N. school in Gaza City where they live after their houses were destroyed by Israeli strikes. ( Source: AP )
AP | Gaza City | Posted: September 8, 2014 7:10 pm
Thousands of Palestinians in the Gaza Strip are still living in schools where they took refuge during seven weeks of fighting between Hamas and Israel that ended late last month. Israeli airstrikes have left much of the territory in ruins, and thousands of homes have been destroyed or severely damaged.
Reconstruction has yet to begin as a blockade imposed by Egypt and Israel on Gaza still holds, severely restricting the import of cement and other building materials. Israel fears militants could use such materials to build rockets and reinforce cross-border attack tunnels.
With a population of 1.8 million people, Gaza is a densely populated coastal strip of urban warrens and agricultural land that still bears the scars of previous rounds of fighting. The Islamic militant group Hamas seized power in the territory in 2007.
Rebuilding Gaza will take years, and some Palestinian officials say it could cost in excess of $6 billion. In one school in Gaza City, visited by The Associated Press, children played in a courtyard surrounded by classrooms now framed with hanging bedding and laundry.
With nearly 100,000 Palestinians in Gaza having no home to go back to, the U.N.-run schools are still housing thousands just one week before the school year is scheduled to begin, posing a challenge to authorities.

Aditya Birla Chemicals buys Jayshree Chemicals  unitAditya Birla Chemicals buys Jayshree Chemicals' unit for Rs 212 cr
Zeba Siddiqui     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 21:15 IST
Kumar Mangalam Birla, chairman of Aditya Birla Group.
Aditya Birla Chemicals (India) Ltd said on Monday it has acquired Jayshree Chemicals' caustic soda business for Rs 212 crore ($35.16 million).
Jayshree's facility, located in Odisha, has a capacity of about 57,000 tonnes per annum, Aditya Birla Chemicals said in a statement.
The company, part of the $40 billion Aditya Birla Group , expects the acquisition to increase its total caustic soda capacity to about 355,000 tonnes per annum, and plans to fund the deal through internal accruals and debt.
($1 = Rs 60.2900)

Uttarakhand to Kashmir  man s folly compounds nature s furyUttarakhand to Kashmir, man's folly compounds nature's fury
Krittivas Mukherjee , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 08, 2014
First Published: 19:57 IST(8/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:59 IST(9/9/2014)
Comments
Four days of torrential rains have unleashed a trail of destruction unseen for six decades in Kashmir, a disaster that is perhaps as much a man-made blunder in the pursuit of greater economic growth as a merciless act of nature.
Although the torrential downpour that triggered the deluge was unusual, the disaster also underlines how man's folly can compound nature's wrath in a region where the ecology is as fragile as the mountains are mighty.
  
Play Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Read: Digvijaya, Azad praise Modi's prompt act on J-K floods
As with two other major disasters to hit India since last year - the massive flooding in Uttarakhand and the landslides near Pune - much of the devastation in Kashmir was compounded by deforestation as well the floodplains being built over indiscriminately.
Deforestation has greatly reduced the water retaining capacity of the land in Kashmir, a problem that worsened during the height of militancy in the state. Over the years, the valley's lifeline, the Jhelum, has turned into a dumping site with dense human settlements, industries and business establishments coming up on its flood channels.
"What we are seeing is increased pressure on land and changes in land use pattern which is affecting the ecology," says K Srinivas, head of environment advocacy group Vasudha Foundation.
"This is a direct result of life style chances. And this is a pattern we are seeing in all the natural disasters."
This time, the majority of damage has been done by streams gushing down from deforested stretches such Sukh-Nag and Rambyar. What has worsened matters is the reduced rainwater-holding capacity of the area's major lakes - Dal, Nagin or Wular, which have been encroached upon and built over.
The rains have sent large parts of Srinagar under water - a city that does not have a proper piped sewerage system with the existing drainage disposing the sewage directly into the Jhelum.
"Two things are happening - one there is intensification of rainfall because of climate change, and this rain becomes deadlier in the Himalayas because of landslides. Second, we are seeing developmental activities undermining the drainage system," says Sunita Narain, head of Centre for Science and Environment.
"Srinagar's inter-linked lakes were designed like a large sponge - as an inlet and outlet for floodwaters. That system has been completely undermined."
It is a trend evident in every major so-called natural disaster in India.
In Uttarakhand, where some 6,000 people were killed in massive flooding and landslides last year, mountain riverbanks got built over with roads, hotels and businesses. Small hydropower dams also took their toll on the fragile ecology.
In Malin village near Pune, where landslides killed more than 100 people in August, experts say the disaster may have been man-made, caused by deforestation to make way for farming.
Last year, a report warned India to stop viewing natural disasters as standalone acts of god or of nature and to recognise that the country's development policies are increasing the number of deaths and amount of devastation in such calamities.
The Kashmir flooding makes the point. Again.

After 10 years of waiting  Neil Patrick Harris marries David BurtkaAfter 10 years of waiting, Neil Patrick Harris marries David Burtka
Soumya Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 08, 2014
First Published: 19:50 IST(8/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:06 IST(9/9/2014)
Comments
Hush-hush weddings (read hush-hush destination weddings) seem to be the latest fad with celebrities in Hollywood. Only two weeks ago we saw Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt marry without letting media get even the slightest whiff of the ceremony in France and now there is this.
Actor Neil Patrick Harris (L) and David Burtka (R) attend the IRIS, A Journey Through the World of Cinema by Cirque du Soleil premiere in Hollywood, California.
How I Met Your Mother star and theatre personality Neil Patrick Harris married long-time partner David Burtka this weekend in Italy.
Read: Neil Patrick Harris bats away rumours of split with beau on Instagram
Harris let the cat out of the bag by tweeting: "Guess what? David Burtka and I got married over the weekend. In Italy. Yup, we put the 'n' and 'd' in 'husband'".
Guess what? @DavidBurtka and I got married over the weekend. In Italy. Yup, we put the 'n' and 'd' in 'husband'. pic.twitter.com/R09ibF41rt
— Neil Patrick Harris (@ActuallyNPH) September 8, 2014
The two are parents to four-year-old twins Gideon and Harper.

Patriots Overpowered In OpenerMiami Dolphins Overpower New England Patriots For Rivalry Win
 | By                                                                TIM REYNOLDS
Updated:
09/08/2014  1:59 am EDT
MIAMI GARDENS, FL - SEPTEMBER 07:   Tom Brady #12 of the New England Patriots fumbles the ball under pressure from Cameron Wake #91, left, and Louis Delmas #25 of the Miami Dolphins during a game at Sun Life Stadium on September 7, 2014 in Miami Gardens, Florida.  (Photo by Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images) | Mike Ehrmann via Getty Images
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. (AP) — Joe Philbin prefers simple messages. Not even trailing New England by 10 points at halftime of the season opener could get the Miami coach to change his tone.
"The plays are there," Philbin simply said.
His team repeatedly proved him right.
Knowshon Moreno rushed for 134 yards and a big fourth-quarter touchdown, Ryan Tannehill threw for two scores and the Dolphins dominated New England after halftime in a 33-20 win on Sunday. The Dolphins outscored New England 23-0 and outgained the Patriots 222-67 in the second half, and that stat includes 37 meaningless yards on the game's final drive.
"We knew what was killing us," Dolphins receiver Mike Wallace said. "Ourselves."
Once Miami stopped beating Miami, New England had no answers. The Patriots lost their opener for the first time since 2003, and they don't hold at least a share of first in the AFC East for the first time since Week 3 of 2012.
"They took away everybody in the second half," Patriots quarterback Tom Brady said.
Brady threw a touchdown pass to Rob Gronkowski and Shane Vereen had a rushing touchdown for New England, which endured a most uncharacteristic freefall. The last time the Patriots were outscored by 23 points or more in the second half was Nov. 30, 2008 against Pittsburgh — 94 games ago.
"We need to do a better job than we did today," Patriots coach Bill Belichick said. "It's as simple as that."
Moreno now has 358 yards on the ground in his last two regular-season games against New England, the first being a 224-yard effort in Denver's loss at the Patriots last season.
That one, he tried to forget. This one, he'll savor.
"Did you see that man out there?" asked Dolphins center Samson Satele, one of five new starters on Miami's offensive line. "He's a crazy dude. You give him a little crease and away he goes."
Moreno rushed for 91 yards after halftime. The Patriots rushed for 28.
"An all-around great game," Moreno said.
For much of the first half, that was not the case.
Rookie linebacker Chris McCain had a blocked punt on the game's first series, setting up a Tannehill-to-Lamar Miller touchdown pass — the first time Miami's opening offensive sequence of a season resulted in a TD throw since Dan Marino and Mark Duper connected in 1992.
But the Dolphins would turn the ball over three straight times later in the half, New England would grab a 17-7 lead, and extended the margin to 20-10 at the break.
"We made a statement as a team," McCain said. "We had three or four turnovers and we were down, but we knew we could do something. We had to calm down, get our poise and come out and ball. We came back real well and shut them out in the second half. That's unheard of. With Tom Brady out there you expect about 35 points."
When the Patriots are up 10, you can expect a win as well. They were 16-1 in their last 17 games with a double-digit halftime lead. But on Sunday, an 89-degree day that felt like 99 when factoring in the humidity, New England wilted.
"They just played better," Gronkowski said.
Brady finished 29 of 56 passing for 249 yards. Tannehill completed 18 of 32 passes for 178 yards.
Tannehill hit Wallace for a 14-yard score midway through the third to tie the game, Caleb Sturgis added one of his four field goals to put the Dolphins on top, and then Miami sealed it late.
Helped by a roughing-the-passer penalty and a pair of third-down completions by Tannehill, the Dolphins went 85 yards in about 6 minutes to put the game away. Moreno barged in from the 4 with 3:36 remaining to push the lead to 30-20, and the outcome was academic from there.
"Nobody else gave us a shot," Dolphins defensive end Olivier Vernon said. "Just glad we got this win."
NOTES: Brady passed Warren Moon for No. 6 on the all-time NFL passing list. ... Miami lost starting LBs Danell Ellerbee (hip) and Koa Misi (ankle) in the first half, and those injuries came with another would-be starter in Phillip Wheeler already out. ... Dolphins DE Cameron Wake has had at least one sack in each of New England's last five trips to Miami.
___
AP NFL website: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
More:

Government to Come Out With IPR PolicyGovernment to Not Impose Anti-Dumping Duty on Solar Panels: Commerce Minister
New Delhi: Amidst developed nations like the US raising issues over India's intellectual property rights (IPR) regime, the government has said it will come out with a policy framework within a few months to make IPR more robust.
Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Monday said her ministry will soon have a think-tank that will enable it to handle the IPR issues more firmly.
"India does not have an IPR policy. This is the first time we are coming out with an IPR policy. IPR policy issues have been hanging for quite a long time," Ms Sitharaman told reporters in Delhi.
She said the policy will help in dealing with issues being raised by developed nations and protect interest of India on IPR related matters.
"It will give direction in terms of protecting IPR of India on which several issues are there. With the US we have (certain) issues... India has become a brand in terms of pharma... We are very strong in IPR and we certainly want to protect our interest," she added.
Developed nations are picking holes in India's IPR laws because it does not have any policy, Ms Sitharaman said. When asked about the timeline for the new policy, she said it may take about six months.
The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) will put the draft policy on the website for public comments before finalising the policy.
"India has a well-established legal framework for IPR but it's important to spell out policy. In the next 2-3 months, we will discuss and debate in country," DIPP Secretary Amitabh Kant said. On the proposed think-tank on IPR, the trade minister said, "We are going to have the benefit of experts, who will constantly keep us informed about developments on international IPR issues, flag off concerns."
During the recent times, the Obama administration has been strongly criticising India's investment climate and IPR laws, especially in the pharmaceuticals and the solar sectors. India has maintained that its IPR regime is fully compliant with WTO laws and it will not take part in any unilateral investigations by the US on the matter.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 22:16 (IST)

Wilful default: apex court verdict  a boost for banksBUSINESS lINE Deepak Narang, Executive Director of United Bank of India
Sends right message to defaulters, says United Bank Executive Director
Kolkata, September 8:  
Bankers are likely to be more assertive against wilful defaults in the days to come, says Deepak Narang, executive director of United Bank of India.
Narang, who had slapped a “wilful defaulter” case on UB group chairman Vijay Mallya and three other directors of Kingfisher on September 1, feels the court verdict has so far vindicated the powers granted to banks by the RBI to recover bad-debts.
“It’s a landmark judgement”, he told BusinessLine on Monday.
The case in point is UBI’s stand that only company officials, representing the board members, should take part in grievance redressal (over NPA) procedures.
Mallya opposed this stand and wanted his lawyers to handle the matter.
He was successful in thwarting a similar attempt by Punjab National Bank, which also lent money to the grounded airline. A Delhi High Court had ruled in favour of Mallya.
Empowered to act
But this time, a single-judge bench and then a Division Bench of Calcutta High Court ruled in favour of UBI. And, now the Supreme Court has rejected an appeal on the same grounds.
“We thought we were empowered to deny KFA’s appeal. Now our stand is vindicated,” Narang said.
He expects the judgement will be a shot in the arm for other banks trying to avoid legal hurdles in declaring entities “wilful defaulters” and summoning them for non-recovery of dues.
Taking a cue from UBI’s success, PNB has lodged a fresh appeal before a Division Bench of Delhi High Court.
Narang is all praise for the courts in disposing of the petitions from Mallya swiftly.
Praise for court
“For me the court has been a temple of justice,” he says elaborating that the single-judge bench took just six days to reach a conclusion and the division bench completed the hearing in about two weeks.
But didn’t he face political pressure? Narang says he did not. Moreover, the actions were not specifically against Mallya or Kingfisher.
The bank was in the news last fiscal for piling up bad debts. UBI is now working in ‘mission mode’ to bring down gross NPAs from 10.49 per cent to nine per cent of total advances by the end of this fiscal.
“We have served wilful defaulter notices against many others,” Narang says.
Drastic action against defaulters helps by sending the right message down the line, he says.
The move will get a further boost with the Centre planning to table a Bill against wilful defaults in the winter session of Parliament.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Koli gets reprieve at the eleventh hourNEW DELHI, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 9, 2014 01:56 IST
Koli gets reprieve at the eleventh hour
Krishnadas Rajagopal
PTI Surinder Koli was found guilty of serial rapes and murders between 2005 and 2006 at his employer's house in Nithari.
TOPICS
execution
The Supreme Court on Monday stayed the execution of the death sentence of Surinder Koli for killing children at his employer’s house in Nithari village in Noida in 2006.
The reprieve for Koli was packed with drama as the stay order came in the early hours of Monday. Lawyer Indira Jaising and her team of lawyers knocked on the doors of Chief Justice of India-designate H.L. Dattu’s official residence here in Lutyen's Delhi at 1.30 a.m. even as the city slept. They sought a fresh review into the death sentence.
Koli was due to be hanged at the Chaudhary Charan Singh district jail in Meerut in a few hours. Jail officials said Koli was spending his last hours reading the Bhagvad Gita and answered questions with a blank expression. But the hanging was not carried out on Monday; Ms. Jaising and her lawyer team prevailed.
“We approached Justice Dattu at 1.30 a.m. There was a sitting of a Bench of Justices Dattu and Anil R. Dave, which ordered that the execution be stayed for a week until Koli’s fresh review petition is heard by a Bench comprising three judges of the Supreme Court in an open courtroom where his counsel would be allowed to submit limited oral arguments on his behalf pleading for reversal of his death penalty,” Ms. Jaising told The Hindu on Monday morning.
A one-paragraph order was passed by the Bench staying its July 25 decision dismissing Koli’s review petition against his death penalty. On September 3, a Constitution Bench decided that death row convicts seeking judicial review should be given a public hearing, their counsel should be allowed to argue for 30 minutes and three judges should hear them. Till then, review petitions were usually heard by Supreme Court judges in their chambers. Relief was rare.
The September 3 judgment, authored by Justice Rohinton Nariman, argued that the death penalty was irreversible. Justice should be seen to be done, it said.
Justice Nariman upheld the highest principle of the Constitution – the right of a man to live. “The fundamental right to life and the irreversibility of the death sentence mandate that oral hearing be given at the review stage in death sentence cases, as a just, fair and reasonable procedure under Article 21 of the Indian Constitution,” he wrote in his majority judgment for a Bench led by Chief Justice R.M. Lodha, who concurred.
The judgment had come on a batch of petitions filed by eight men on death row who challenged the practice of Supreme Court judges hearing review petitions of death row convicts in their chambers and not in the public glare of open courtrooms. Koli became the first condemned man to reap the reprieve granted by the judgment.

Modi-Sharif meeting not ruled outIndia-Pakistan
Ms. Swaraj also expressed India’s disappointment in delay of the trial of Mumbai terror attack case in Pakistan
India does not have a closed mind on the question of Prime Minister Narendra Modi meeting his Pakistani counterpart, Nawaz Sharif, on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly in New York later this month, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said here on Monday.
“We do not have a preconceived approach towards it. We shall decide according to how the situation emerges,” Ms. Swaraj said.
The Minister said India’s engagement with China involves cooperation and competition, and expressed confidence that the forthcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jingping would yield “substantial and solid” results.
Presenting the track record of her Ministry at her first press conference, Ms. Swaraj said the National Democratic Alliance government’s diplomacy so far has been “strong, sensitive and proactive.”
She said Mr. Modi’s recent remarks in Japan about the dangers of “expansionism” did not refer to China.
The Minister, however, added that India wanted China to “understand and appreciate” its “sensitivities” regarding Arunachal Pradesh as New Delhi respected Beijing’s position on Tibet.
Ms. Swaraj blamed Pakistan for the recent collapse of bilateral engagements with it as it insisted on talking to Kashmiri separatists, but added that talks between the two countries could be revived.

iPhone 6: What does Apple have to reveal Tuesday to stay on topAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Green relief on cards for Noida home buyersAmrapali Group
(Relief is in sight for more…)
NEW DELHI: Relief is in sight for more than 30,000 apartment owners in Noida as the government has decided to re-designate the eco-sensitive zone around the Okhla bird Sanctuary , bringing it down to 100 metres on three sides where several real-estate projects were impacted because of a green tribunal's order.
On the fourth side, the sanctuary's north towards the DND flyway, the zone will extend up to 1.27 kilometres, said a senior official at the Ministry of Environment and Forests who didn't want to be named.
Homes in several completed buildings around the sanctuary couldn't be handed over to their owners because the National Green Tribunal had forbidden the Noida Authority from giving completion certificates to projects that fall within a 10-kilometre radius of the sanctuary.
The new stipulations are part of the draft proposals being readied by the MoEF based on the recommendations of a three-member committee that included forest officials from Delhi and Uttar Pradesh and the environment ministry. ET had reported on July 9 that the committee had suggested a smaller eco-sensitive zone for the sanctuary. The new draft notification has to be cleared by the law ministry before it can be made public.
"The minister will sign the notification soon," said the MoEF official. The suggestions of the committee are similar to those of the UP government. The delay in getting the apartments have cumulatively cost more than Rs 1,500 crore to buyers as well as builders as most home buyers have been shelling out loan installments even while they waited for possession, said Getamber Anand, managing director of ATS Infrastructure, a builder.
An equal number of apartments are close to completion but because of the ban, most developers had gone slow in their construction. "The decision removes the cloud of uncertainty that has been hanging over the fate of various real-estate projects near the sanctuary while seeking to strike a fair balance between the imperatives of urban housing development and ecological sustainability," said P Sahel, vice chairman of Lotus Greens Developers .
Shiv Priya, executive director at the Amrapali group , which was unable to hand over close to 5,000 ready apartments in Noida for many months, said the company is hoping buyers can move into their homes latest by March next year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

M&M lines up three compact SUVs over next 2 ...M&M lines up compact SUVs to take on Ford EcoSport and Renault Duster
Ketan Thakkar, ET Bureau Sep 9, 2014, 10.07AM IST
(Pawan Goenka, president…)
MUMBAI: Mahindra & Mahindra is lining up three major offerings in the compact sport-utility-vehicle segment for launch over the next 18-24 months, as it aims to reclaim space lost to the Ford EcoSport and Renault Duster over the past couple of years.
All the three vehicles will be less than four metres long, a segment that industry experts say is going to be a key driver of passenger vehicle sales and where M&M has only a limited presence. Mahindra is still the local leader in utility vehicle sales, but its market share has fallen to 42% at the end of the fiscal year through March 2014 from more than 55% two years earlier.
Renault meanwhile has grabbed about 9% of the market with the Duster, and Ford captured 8.68% with its sub-4-metre EcoSport. M&M's first compact SUV, the Quanto that failed to sustain the initial excitement, is getting ready for a major midlife facelift, said people with knowledge of the matter.
The project, codenamed U215, includes major design changes which are currently being worked on at M&M's design centre in Italy. The U215 will be positioned between the other two vehicles in the pipeline — M&M's first micro-SUV, dubbed S101, which will create a new entry point for the company and be pitted as an alternative to premium hatchbacks, and the probable Bolero replacement, codenamed U301.
The U301 may co-exist with the Bolero, a vehicle that still has acceptance in the hinterlands. M&M intends to do a Maruti in the compact SUV space, offering an alternative at every Rs 50,000-75,000 price points over the entry-level vehicle, a person close to the company told ETon condition of anonymity.
"All three sub-4 metre SUVs will have different characteristics catering to different segment of buyers. Design will be the key differentiator. The S101 compact SUV has a car-like appearance whereas the U215, the new Quanto, will assume a more rugged appearance than the boxy stance it had when launched," this person said.
According to him, the U301 will have the boldest features with a "Jeep Wrangler-like appearance". An M&M spokesman said the company cannot comment on specific product plans.
"As a general rule, we constantly work on refreshing all our products," he said. The MPV/SUV segment, which makes up for 22%-23% of the overall Indian passenger vehicle sales, is expected to grow in coming years. Industry experts say, the compact SUV market is expected to grow five times to make up almost half a million vehicle at the end of the decade and that the sub-4-meter space is expected to make up for a sizeable share of that. M&M has a strong band of loyal buyers and larger penetration in rural areas, but developing a sub-4-meter vehicle is extremely critical for it to regain its lost market share, said Gaurav Vangaal, senior analyst, forecasting, at consultancy firm IHS Automotive.
The urban sub-compact SUV segment, which did not exist a few years back, is expected to make up for a sizable 20-25% of compact UV space going ahead, he said. "M&M is there with its Quanto, but not with a proper sub-4-metre SUV, so it needs to prepare itself aggressively with more UVs in that space to protect its turf."
Pawan Goenka, president and executive director at Mahindra, has admitted in the past that the company wasn't quick enough to react to the compact SUV wave and that its answer to compact utility-vehicle space has been a year or two late. It seems the lineup of compact SUVs planned by the company is to not just take on existing rivals, but also react proactively to ensuing competition from the likes of Maruti Suzuki and the local units of Hyundai Motor and Honda Motor, who too have lined up sub-4-meter SUVs for launch in the coming two-three years.
  The person close to the company said the face-lifted Quanto will in fact be an interim model for M&M and has a potential of 24,000 units a year, before an all-new Quanto, now dubbed U321, hits the market in 2017.
The U321 is currently getting developed in the US and it will be a versatile platform that can deliver multiple products, from sub-4-metre to bigger 7-seat utility vehicles.
While M&M has seen its bread-andbutter utility vehicles Scorpio and Bolero as well as the XUV 500 selling in healthy numbers, its 'U platform' vehicles - the Quanto, Xylo and Genio - have been a major drag for it. It does not quite end there for M&M. Its R&D centres in India, the US and Italy are buzzing with projects. A face-lifted Scorpio and XUV should hit the market shortly.
It plans to revamp lifestyle offroader Thar, which now gets an underpinning of the U platform, a departure from the legendary MM540 base due to upcoming safety regulations. And, pickup truck Genio will be significantly enhanced in its upcoming facelift to take more abuses, which is very common in the Indian market.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Flipkart  Amazon to woo customers this Diwali! | Why e-Bay India is missingAmazon
(Online retailers have…)
BANGALORE: Online retailers, from biggies such as Flipkart and Amazon to niche players like FabFurnish and Bluestone, have lined up special catalogues, exclusive products, offers, contests and discounts to ensure a cracker of a Diwali season, with an eye on first-time shoppers.
Fashion portal Myntra will offer more than 5,000 new products across top brands like FCUK, UCB , Elle, SuperDry, Biba, FabIndia and Antony Moratto for the first time online, while online marketplace Snapdeal.com is working with brands across categories like fashion, electronics and home products to put together a special Diwali catalogue that will be out in the next few days.
Market leader Flipkart will put up exclusive products and offer heavy discounts while rival Amazon.in may introduce drone delivery in the country, as Diwali season is when most number of Indians try out online shopping for the first time. The four to five weeks until Diwali brings the largest sales spike for online sites.
"For online retailers, you can say that the financial cycle is Diwali to Diwali," said Saurabh Srivastava, director at advisory firm PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) India .
"Every project cycle and launch that an etailer works on during the year is geared only towards Diwali." Srivastava said sales jump during this season can be double the regular daily order size. Sandeep Komaravelly, senior vice president of marketing at Snapdeal, said that unlike offline, Diwali momentum does not taper off in online retail after the festival.
"New customers who have tried online shopping for the first time during the festival season continue to do so even afterwards," he said. No wonder then that portals big and small are going all out to woo new customers, backed by large marketing campaigns.
"For large e-tailers the marketing budgets will be as high as 10% of overall costs," said PwC's Srivastava. Even niche jewellery site Bluestone has set aside Rs 6 crore for advertisement and marketing for the festive season. It will launch a consultancy feature for Diwali that will suggest jewellery items based on the user's face, hair style and likes.
The typical Diwali shopping season starts from third week of September and goes on until Bhai Dooj, two days after Diwali. The online retail industry has grown rapidly in the past few years. While the overall industry was at $1 billion (Rs 6,000 crore) a couple of years ago, just the top three marketplaces in the country—Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon—are estimated to cross $4 billion (Rs 24,000 crore) in sales this fiscal.
Ganesh Subramanian, chief operating officer at Bangalore-based Myntra, which was acquired by Flipkart earlier this year, said it's setting up a special Diwali store on its site. The company has started a new warehouse in Gurgaon in time for the peak shopping period.
"We expect a lot of interest from tier-II and III cities and towns thanks to mobile. At least one out of two orders will be through mobile," he said. Myntra is targeting sales of Rs 2,000 crore this fiscal.
Flipkart plans a single-day big-bang sale a few days before Diwali with new and exclusive products at big discounts, said a person with direct knowledge of the site's Diwali plans. It will also launch exclusive brand partnerships—around one a week—as part of its Diwali line up.
"The company is expecting the largest sales in its seven years of existence," said the person who did not wish to be identified. Flipkart declined to participate in this story. Samir Kumar, director of category management at Amazon India, said the portal will have exclusive launches and innovative gifting options. Amazon could also do drone deliveries in India during the period, as reported earlier by ET. The company declined to speak on this.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi to meet Obama on Sept 29-30: US official | Sushma talks tough on Pak  USBarack Obama
(The meeting will mark Modi's first…)
WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama will meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the White House on September 29 and 30 during which the two leaders would discuss a wide range of bilateral and strategic issues including economic growth, a presidential spokesperson said today.
"President Obama looks forward to welcoming Prime Minister Narendra Modi of India to the White House on September 29-30," White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said.
Obama looks forward to working with Modi to fulfill the promise of the US-India strategic partnership for the benefit of both our citizens and the world, he added.
The meeting will mark Modi's first visit to the US since his party swept to victory in general elections.
"The two leaders will discuss a range of issues of mutual interest in order to expand and deepen the US-India strategic partnership," he said.
"They will discuss ways to accelerate economic growth, bolster security cooperation, and collaborate in activities that bring long-term benefits to both countries and the world," Earnest said.
"They will also focus on regional issues, including current developments in Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq, where India and the United States can work together with partners towards a positive outcome," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fifteen stocks in focus in Tuesday morning tradeYou are here: Home > Collections > Stocks
Fifteen stocks in focus in Tuesday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 9, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
Apollo Tyres
(Indian markets are expected…)
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Tuesday, tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets and SGX Nifty.
"The market is slowly moving up and it is good that all sectors are performing. Midcaps are also pitching in and that is why bull markets by their very nature find corrections difficult to come by because since everything is moving up," said Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com.
"Almost 90 per cent of the stocks theoretically move up when it is a bull market, so we are in sort of sweet phase where you will have very mild intraday type corrections and everyday some sector or the other will move up," he added.
Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
Lanco Infratech Ltd: The company which has interests in infrastructure, power and realty segments, retrenched 30 per cent of its 5,700 workforce during the last financial year due to slowdown in development of some of its projects amid subdued market conditions.
The company has seen its total borrowings growing by about 8 per cent during 2013-14 to Rs 36,705 crore (33,969 crore), and its staff strength coming down by 30 per cent to 4,000 people due to slowdown impacting the pace of project execution.
Oil & Gas stocks: A four-member panel of secretaries will submit its report on a new gas pricing mechanism by Wednesday, Oil Secretary Saurabh Chandra said today.
M&M Ltd: Mahindra & Mahindra is lining up three major offerings in the compact sport-utility-vehicle segment for launch over the next 18-24 months, as it aims to reclaim space lost to the Ford EcoSport and Renault Duster over the past couple of years.
Apollo Tyres Ltd: Apollo Tyres plans to set up a new plant in Hungary at an investment of 442.2 million euros (about Rs 3,450 crore) and the investment aid given by the country's government has been cleared by European Commission .
RIL , ONGC & BPCL: Reliance Industries, ONGC and Bharat Petroleum Corp (BPCL) walked away with the top honours at the annual PetroFed Oil & Gas Industry Awards here today.
Venus Remedies Ltd: The pharma major is eyeing $15 million revenue from its antibiotic 'meropenem' in a span of one year as it seeks to sell this drug in 50 countries including in regulated markets.
Elder Pharmaceuticals Ltd: Post-Torrent deal, a much leaner and better leveraged Elder Pharmaceuticals Ltd has set in motion a process to expand its footprint in the Rs 4,000-crore dermatology segment in a big way.
Bharti Airtel Ltd: Bharti Airtel is seeking compensation from the government for the company's interest cost on money borrowed to make initial payment for airwaves it won in a February auction but are yet to be allocated.
Neyveli Lignite Ltd: An early end to the six-day old indefinite strike by more than 10,000 contract labourers of Neyveli Lignite Corporation looked bleak with the first round of tripartite conciliatory talks held here on Monday ending in a deadlock.
Cipla Ltd: Pharmaceutical firm announced commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. In a BSE filing, Cipla said this collaboration will enable it to focus on its core therapy areas, while S&D Pharma will be the key partner for generics.
Financial Technologies Ltd: More than a month after Financial Technologies announced the sale of its 15% stake in Multi-Commodity Exchange (MCX) to Kotak Mahindra Bank, the commodity market regulator Forward Markets Commission (FMC) has turned the heat on India's largest commodity exchange by demanding specific details on the transaction timeline, two individuals familiar with the development told ET NOW.
Tata Motors Ltd: Tata Motors, launched the special edition Land Rover Freelander 2. The premium SUV carries a price tag of Rs. 44.41 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai) and will come to the Landrover showrooms in very limited numbers.
Thomas Cook Ltd: Thomas Cook India has gained majority shareholding in Sterling Holiday Resorts with further acquisition of over one crore shares for Rs 116.26 crore through off-market.
FEATURED ARTICLES

J&K floods: Over 200 dead  many areas cut off  states offer help; Army aims to restore connectivityUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Srinagar: The death toll in Jammu and Kashmir is now nearly 200 in the worst floods in six decades in the state. More than 23,000 people have been evacuated, but lakhs remain stranded. The valley is cut off as many roads have been washed away.
"Only my husband and I have been rescued. Both my sons are left behind. My house was destroyed. I was stuck on the terrace for three days," said a resident in Srinagar. "I am 60 years old and I have never seen such a situation here. This is really scary," another resident added.
The Army has deployed 215 columns for rescue and relief operations. Naval Diving Teams are also positioned on standby. The Army has said that it is aiming to restore connectivity to Srinagar in the next 4-5 days. Communication lines have been almost totally snapped.
Massive repair work is being carried out on the National Highway. "The houses have been destroyed because they were old. There are still many stuck there. My husband is still there. We were three families. We crossed one house at a time and reached the terrace," a Srinagar resident said.
The area in and around Srinagar's Dal Lake has also been completely flooded. A relief centre has been set up at the nearby Srinagar University. "Water level suddenly rose and entered our house. We had to take refuge in the University campus," said a survivor.
In the Jammu region, though, the Vaishno Devi yatra has resumed.
Meanwhile, help from states has also started pouring in for the flood-ravaged state. Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan has announced an aid of Rs 10 crore while Tamil Nadu has donated Rs 5 crore for flood relief. The United Nations too have offered to help both India and Pakistan.
Helpline numbers:
New Delhi J&K House (011)-24611210 and 24611108
Srinagar-0194-2452138

Diesel price may come down for first time in...Diesel price may come down for first time in 7 years; petrol price cut on cards
Rajeev Jayaswal, ET Bureau Sep 9, 2014, 09.52AM IST
Tags:
Brent crude
(India is considering a cut…)
NEW DELHI: India is considering a cut in diesel prices for the first time in seven years amid global crude price dropping below $100 a barrel for the first time in more than a year, a move that could take some of the sting out of inflation as a patchy monsoon threatens a rise in food prices.
That in turn could allow the central bank to ease up on its interest-rate stance at the next monetary policy announcement, boosting revival prospects. This comes as the government has been considering freeing up diesel prices, since subsidy has been narrowed by incremental, monthly price increases.
"If this downward trend in international oil prices continues and the rupee appreciates even marginally, there will be over-recovery from this month," said a senior executive at an oil PSU who didn't want to be named.
"We intend to pass this to customers," said the executive. "A price review is expected on September 15. But the decision regarding diesel price cut will be taken by the government because it is a regulated fuel."
The government is still evaluating the political situation in pollbound states before deregulating the fuel, government and industry officials said. Benchmark Brent crude fell Monday to a 14-month low of $99.59 per barrel, dropping below $100 for the first time since June last year because of sluggish demand from major importers, particularly China.
Meanwhile, the rupee has appreciated marginally against the dollar, which has almost aligned pump prices of diesel with market rates. According to the oil retail industry, pump prices of diesel have not been cut in the last seven years except for a marginal reduction on July 25, 2012, because of changes in distribution costs. Oil companies review petrol and diesel prices every fortnight.
While petrol prices change on the 15th and 30th of every month, the government has been raising diesel prices by 50 paise every month since January last year. The previous UPA government had decided to raise diesel rates in small monthly doses until pump prices were aligned with market rates and it could be deregulated. According to oil companies, a petrol price cut is imminent for the fourth time in a row.
"No decision has been taken on diesel price deregulation. The oil ministry has not yet circulated the Cabinet note to this effect," a senior government official said on condition of anonymity. The oil ministry is keeping a close watch on fuel price movements and is ready to present a draft cabinet note at short notice, officials said.
The government is hesitant to free diesel prices just before assembly elections in four states - Jammu & Kashmir, Maharashtra, Bihar and Jharkhand. "International petrol and diesel rates are highly volatile. Political prospects of the ruling BJP will be hampered in case their rates jump during assembly elections," one official said.
According to officials, a final decision on deregulation will be taken after consulting the finance ministry. The diesel subsidy used to be a major drag on the exchequer, having accounted for about 45-50 per cent of total fuel subsidies until January last year.
The UPA government's move to make a monthly increase narrowed the diesel subsidy to an estimated.`19,584 crore in the current financial year from Rs 62,837 crore in 2013-14. The expected move to free diesel prices from government control will also boost private investment in the fuel retail sector that was opened up in 2002.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Morning Bets:  BUY  or  SELL  ideas from experts for TuesdayYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
'BUY' or 'SELL' ideas from experts for Tuesday, 09 September 2014
ET Now Sep 9, 2014, 08.24AM IST
Tags:
Ambuja Cements
(ET Now spoke to various experts…)
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Tuesday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Greaves Cotton Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 146 and a stop loss of Rs 130
Bharti Infratel Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 315 and a stop loss of Rs 290
SKS Microfinance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 365 and a stop loss of Rs 330
Escorts Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 152 and a stop loss of Rs 130
Max India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 375 and a stop loss of Rs 357
HPCL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 525 and a stop loss of Rs 488
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Ambuja Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 229 and a stop loss of Rs 215
HDFC Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 890 and a stop loss of Rs 853
JSW Steel Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1375 and a stop loss of Rs 1314
Reliance Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1065 and a stop loss of Rs 1024
Reliance Infrastructure Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 665 and a stop loss of Rs 701
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Godrej Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 380 and a stop loss of Rs 346
Havells India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 304 and a stop loss of Rs 279
Tata Coffee Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1020 and a stop loss of Rs 928
Siemens Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 925 and a stop loss of Rs 875
GIPCL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 97 and a stop loss of Rs 82
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Colgate Palmolive Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1630 and a stop loss of Rs 1564
Siemens Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 950 and a stop loss of Rs 874
Vijay Bhambwani , Author and CEO at bsplindia.com
Ambuja Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 223 and a stop loss of Rs 216
Crompton Greaves Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 230 and a stop loss of Rs 223
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lenders to take charge of asset sale at Lanco InfraCommercial Operational Date
(The company, which has been…)
NEW DELHI: India's top lenders, impatient with the delays in cash-strapped Lanco Infratech's asset-disposal programme, are planning to take direct charge of the process to ensure they get what was owed to them, while providing fresh loans to get projects that have been stuck for various reasons moving again, according to an internal note.
The banks, which have an exposure of Rs 49,000 crore to Lanco, will set up a three-member committee to run asset divestment. The company, which has been looking to raise money to pare debt, recently found a buyer for its Udupi power project but hasn't met with much success other than that. The lenders in turn will give fresh loans to complete projects that have got stuck.
The bankers to Lanco, which has a market cap of less than Rs 2,000 crore, have decided that the "lead banker of project under construction may re-appraise the project within September 2014 and consider financing either 80:10:10 or convert part of the debt into equity upfront to ensure projects are completed and lenders can recoup their dues."
This means that banks will give fresh loans to the extent of 80% of the project cost. In addition, 10% will be given in the form of sub-debt that can be converted into equity any time before the commercial operational date (COD). Hence the promoters need to chip in only 10% of the project cost as equity, said a banker, requesting anonymity.
The measures were decided at a meeting headed by Punjab National Bank chairman and managing director KR Kamath last month in the Capital and attended by top officials of almost all leading banks and Lanco executives.
"Lenders expressed their concern that the overdue position of the company is very serious. It was also observed that other than Udupi, presently the company has no offer for any other asset to liquidate," according to the note on the proceedings that was reviewed by ET.
"Lenders felt that the company should expedite steps for monetising their assets to liquidate, and the company's contention that they are not able to find suitable buyer is not acceptable," the note said. Officials of SBI Caps, which is advising the company, told bankers at the meeting that, "Owing to environment factors, the Lanco group has suffered heavily and has been incurring losses for the last two years. Its cash flow is heavily strained and currently there are over dues to the tune of Rs 1,700 crore to the entire banking system," according to the note.
The company, which recently sold its Udupi power project to Adani Power for Rs 6,000 crore, is expecting a net cash flow of Rs 925 crore after adjustment of debt.
"Only Udupi sale alone will not be sufficient to improve the cash flow position of the group. The lenders need to explore what asset could be sold next at the earliest so that the debt burden on the group reduces," bankers observed at the meeting, according to the note. A Lanco spokesperson said the company had asked for loans in the 80:10:10 ratio to help ease the pressure on it.
"Our corporate debt restructuring (CDR) package has in itself a definitive programme of selling some of our assets and to that extent we too have engaged various investment bankers besides being in talks with strategic partners on some of the assets," the spokesperson told ET.
A mail sent to the leading banks including Punjab National Bank, ICICI Bank and State Bank of India did not elicit a response as of press time. The banks decided that monitoring institutions should expedite the release of priority loans and need-based, non-fund facilities to kickstart the operating cycle.
The company has sought the relaxation of pre-disbursement conditions for the release of undrawn priority loans of Rs 1,445 crore, the note revealed. In addition, it asked for sanction and disbursement of untied priority loans of .`402 crore, and a fresh bank guarantee limit of Rs 1,650 crore.
However, the Lanco spokesperson said, "Other than what was sanctioned under the CDR package, no further bank guarantee was sought by us in any forum since last two months." Lanco's official in the meeting said that the company has an order book of Rs 21,000 crore, including Rs 18,048 crore from the power sector.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Aditya Birla Chemicals buys Jayshree Chemicals  unit for $35mSep 09, 2014, 08.30 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Aditya Birla Chem buys Jayshree Chemicals' unit for $35mn
The company expects the acquisition to increase its total caustic soda capacity to about 355,000 tonnes per annum.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Aditya Birla Chem buys Jayshree Chemicals' unit for $35mn
The company expects the acquisition to increase its total caustic soda capacity to about 355,000 tonnes per annum.
Post your opinion here
 
Aditya Birla Chemicals (India) Limited  said on Monday it has acquired  Jayshree Chemicals Ltd's caustic soda business for 2.12 billion rupees (USD 35.16 million).
Jayshree's facility, located in the eastern Indian state of Odisha, has a capacity of about 57,000 tonnes per annum, Aditya Birla Chemicals said in a statement.
The company, part of the USD 40 billion Indian conglomerate Aditya Birla Group, expects the acquisition to increase its total caustic soda capacity to about 355,000 tonnes per annum, and plans to fund the deal through internal accruals and debt.
(USD 1 = Rs 60.2900)
Aditya Birla Ch stock price
On September 10, 2014, Aditya Birla Chemicals closed at Rs 292.75, down Rs 8.6, or 2.85 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 313.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 78.05.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 18.84 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 15.54. The latest book value of the company is Rs 182.55 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.60.
RELATED NEWS

Remains of Missing Nursing Student Holly Bobo Found  Tennessee Officials Say
Pre-market: Power  metal stocks in focus ahead of SC decision on coal blocksSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 08:39 AM IST
Pre-market: Power, metal stocks in focus ahead of SC decision on coal blocks
Power and metal stocks are likely to be in focus ahead of SC decision on coal block allocations
Markets are likely to open flat amid sluggish trades among major Asian markets. Further, power and metal stocks will be in focus as the Supreme Court is scheduled to annuounce its decision on coal block allocations.
Asian markets were trading in a very narrow range. Stocks in Japan rose led by exporters' shares after the yen weakened against the US dollar. The benchmark Nikkei was up 0.3%. Shanghai Composite and Hang seng were trading 0.1% higher. Straits Times was trading with marginal gains.
US markets ended mixed on Monday with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 ending with marginal losses weighed down by oil shares after crude prices softened while the tech-laden Nasdaq ended higher led by Yahoo.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 0.15% points at 17,111 and the S&P 500 ended down 0.31% at 2,001.53 and the Nasdaq ended up 0.2% at 4,592.29.
Stocks to watch:
Shares of metal and power companies will be in focus with the apex court scheduled to announce its decision on coal block allocations.
Eicher Motors, Motherson Sumi and TVS Motors will be in focus as these stocks will be included in the F&O segment from tomorrow, September 10.
Cipla will be in focus after the company entered into a commercial collaboration with S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Hungary secured European Union regulatory approval on Monday to grant 95.7 million euros ($123.9 million) in aid to Apollo Tyres to build a tyre plant in the north of the country.
Jayshree Chemicals has sold its chlor-alkali business for a consideration of Rs 212 crore.
 Advertisements

China s President Xi to make his first visit to IndiaUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Beijing: Chinese President Xi Jinping will make his first visit to India as head of state on a regional visit starting this week which will also take in Sri Lanka, the Maldives and Tajikistan, the Foreign Ministry said on Tuesday.
Xi will begin his trip in Tajikistan where he will attend a meeting of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation on Thursday and Friday, the ministry said.
China, Russia and four Central Asian nations - Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan - formed the group in 2001 as a regional security bloc to fight threats posed by radical Islam and drug trafficking from neighbouring Afghanistan.
Xi Jinping will make his first visit to India on a regional visit starting this week which will also take in Sri Lanka, the Maldives and Tajikistan.
After that Xi will travel to the Maldives, Sri Lanka and India, on a visit which ends on September 19, the ministry said, without giving exact dates for when he will be in each country.
The ministry provided no further details, though over the weekend it said that Xi had postponed a trip to Pakistan which had originally been part of his tour due to ongoing unrest in the country.
From economic parity in 1980, China's growth has outstripped India's fourfold and Beijing has sought to recycle some of its vast export surpluses into foreign investments in resources and infrastructure in South Asia to feed its industrial machine.
That rising economic presence in the Indian Ocean region has stoked concerns in New Delhi that China is creating a "string of pearls" that surrounds India and threatens its security.
While China and India have close economic and historical links, there is deep suspicion too, fuelled in part by a festering border dispute.
Asian great-power diplomacy has stirred to life since the rise to power of Indian nationalist Narendra Modi, who announced his intent to play an active role on the world stage by inviting regional leaders to his inauguration in May.
Although Modi seeks pragmatic economic engagement with China, in Tokyo earlier this month he criticised countries with an "expansionist" mindset, a coded jibe against Beijing's assertive behaviour in Southeast Asia.
Last week, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe began visits to Bangladesh and Sri Lanka.

Year s last  supermoon  tonightUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Boston: Sky watchers and others who spend time outdoors at night in the United States are in for a treat on Tuesday night in the form of an apparently larger-than-average, shinier full moon, the last of this summer's three "supermoons."
A "supermoon" occurs when the moon is full and at the point of its orbit that brings it closest to the Earth.
On Tuesday night, the moon will rise in the western sky shortly after sunset and officially be considered a "supermoon" at 9:38 p.m. ET, scientists said.
A "supermoon" occurs when the moon is full and at the point of its orbit that brings it closest to the Earth.
"Because the moon is at perigee, or the closest point of its orbit, it's going to be about 13 or 14 percent bigger, optically, and ... about 30 percent brighter," said Philip Erikson, principal research scientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Haystack Observatory outside Boston.
Tuesday's full moon will also be a harvest moon, the term for the full moon closest to the autumn equinox, which falls on Sept. 23. The harvest moon comes at a time in the lunar cycle when moonrise does not occur significantly later night after night - a change welcome in an agrarian era when farmers worked late into the night trying to harvest their crops before frost set in.
Because of the moon's low angle of rise during the harvest phase, it will appear redder than usual at moonrise, scientists said.
"It's a good reason to look up, because it's a good, bright, full moon," said Amanda Thompson at the Boston Museum of Science's Hayden Planetarium. "You will be able to see the maria on the moon, which are the dark, smooth areas. Those are cooled-off lava flows."

Apple feels impact of iWatch before releaseSeptember 9, 2014 4:36 am
Apple iWatch makes an impact before release
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5e490408-37c5-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Actor Vishnu Manchu launches rural health schemeVishnu Manchu: Our vision is good health and healthy life for all.
Indo-Asian News Service | Tirupati | Posted: September 9, 2014 9:22 am
Actor Vishnu Manchu Monday announced here the launch of rural health scheme in five villages in Chandragiri mandal.
The aim is to enhance access to health services in the backward regions.
“Our vision is good health and healthy life for all,” Vishnu said in a statement.
“We want them to lead a healthy life so that they can focus on their livelihood. In fact, health, sanitation and hygiene are vital for economic productivity and these are areas which need attention right now in a rural setting,” he added.
Vishnu said that an important aspect of the services is to “record the medical diagnosis and treatment history of the beneficiaries”, which will help the doctors provide “better care in future”.
“So the data of thousands of villagers will be stored and can be retrieved by them whenever they want and also every year they can compare their health statistics,” he added.
Students of Sree Vidyanikethan, owned by Vishnu’s actor father Mohan Babu, will work as volunteers in the scheme as part of the institution’s social responsibility team ‘Army Green’.
By 2015, Vishnu hopes to cover ‘100 villages through the scheme’.

Neil Patrick Harris marries David Burtka in ItalyPress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: September 9, 2014 9:20 am
Neil Patrick Harris married his longtime partner David Burtka in a romantic Italian ceremony.
The ‘How I Met Your Mother’ star took to micro-blogging site Twitter and shared a picture of the happy couple exchanging vows. “Guess what? David Burtka and I got married over the weekend. In Italy. Yup, we put the ‘n’ and ‘d’ in ‘husband’,” Patrick Harris captioned the picture.
The 41-year-old actor came out as gay in 2006 and got engaged to actor and chef Burtka, 39, in September 2007.
The couple has been dating since 2004. They are fathers to twins Gideon and Harper, who were born via a surrogate mother in 2010.
Guess what? David Burtka and I got married over the weekend.

Express 5: Ground report from J&K; a tale of forcing conversionWe suggest that you go through these five exclusive stories from The Indian Express.
New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 9:14 am
We suggest that you go through these five exclusive stories from The Indian Express before you start your day:
1. J&K Floods:
The Jammu and Kashmir floods have severely disrupted the communication network across the state, with major service providers struggling to fix their infrastructure and restore services.
J&K phone shutdown magnifies damage as floods disrupt communication network across state , a report from ground zero by Sandeep Singh
2. EXPRESS EXCLUSIVE:
More than 12 years have passed since her husband and Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl was brutally killed by militants in Pakistan. But Mariane Pearl says she no longer thinks about his killers.
‘I don’t think about Danny’s killers, I look to women for hope’
3. FORCING CONVERSION:
A Dalit woman in Bihar’s Sitamarhi district has alleged that her husband was “forcibly” converted to Islam a fortnight ago, and now she and her teenage daughter were being pressured by him to change their faith.
Bihar Dalit woman accuses husband of forcing her to convert , special report by Santosh Singh
4. OPINION:
Criticism is good. It keeps people on their toes. But too often, we end up measuring what can be measured easily instead of what should be measured. So far, government has kept the scoreboard moving with singles.
Not just by hitting sixes , Opinion by Neelkanth Mishra
5. INDIA IN ENGLAND:
It was the last post-match presser of a long, long tour and, as has been the custom, captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni showed up to take a few questions. And there were many that he needed to answer after a puzzling last over of the T20 match.

Rent a cycle to ensure last mile connectivityNEW DELHI, September 9, 2014
Updated: September 9, 2014 09:53 IST
Rent a cycle to ensure last mile connectivity
Richa Pandey
Tweet
The empty bicycle-renting stand at the Vishwavidyalaya metro station.
For all those wondering why the bicycle-renting stand at the Vishwavidyalaya metro station has been closed for more than a month now, here’s some good news. The service hasn’t been terminated, but is only going through expansion and will soon have almost 200 bicycles produced by one of India’s largest cycle manufacturers.
“There were a lot of complaints from customers about the local bikes bought mainly from the Jhandewalan market. So, we decided to get the branded ones now,” said V.N. Chopra, who along with his team had first come up with the idea of this bicycle-renting service at the university station six years ago.
While Mr. Chopra is satisfied that it has been quite successful over the years, he seems to be concerned about the hurdles in the process of making bicycles a last mile connectivity transport. And these hurdles, he said, could only be done away with by introducing the public bicycle sharing scheme.
The PBS scheme is a software-driven and user-friendly service, which involves setting up primary cycle stands at metro stations and secondary stands within two-three km of the primary ones.
This will ensure that users can pick bicycles from the nearest stand and drop them at the secondary stations, fulfilling the idea of last mile connectivity.
The objective is that no bike should remain stuck with one customer and should be continuously in use making way for maximum utilisation of resources.
The scheme also promises to resolve the problems of thefts and fake identity cards by introducing unique identity cards for the registered users. These cards can also be used to pay for the service and every time a customer uses the card, a text message will be sent on the registered mobile number.
The scheme is expected to be a milestone in addressing environmental concerns and traffic issues.
“PBS is the future of urban transport in India. Many countries have introduced this scheme over the past six years and have benefitted from it. If good quality bikes are available and security is ensured, people will increasingly use them as a new public transport,” said Sanjeev Kumar Lohia, former OSD, Ministry of Urban Development. He was the first person to emphasise the idea of PBS in India.
While the idea is revolutionary and promises to deliver to the maximum extent, its implementation is taking time. “We have the software ready and new primary cycle shelters have also been set up at three Metro stations - Saket, Akshardham and Hauz Khas. But our secondary metro stations will require the approval of the Municipal Corporation of Delhi and the Delhi Development Authority,” said Mr. Chopra.
He also said that while these authorities have initiated the process it is mostly confined to surveys and research for now.
Lack of cycle tracks in the city is another problem. “Most of the space for cyclers has been encroached upon by other vehicles and cycle riders feel unsafe pedalling on overcrowded roads. There is a need to understand the importance of bicycle riding as a means of commuting and also a way to a healthier lifestyle,” said Mr. Lohia.
(The writer is an intern with The Hindu)

Rupee to Hold at 58-62 Per Dollar: Bank of AmericaDollar Sweeps to 14-month High, Kicks Oil Below $100
New Delhi:
The appreciation in the US dollar notwithstanding, the rupee is expected to trade in the 58-62 range supported by softening of global oil prices and curbs on gold imports, says a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report.
The rupee today closed at over 1-month high of 60.29/dollar, its highest level since July 30, when it ended at 60.06.
The global brokerage firm further said that the Reserve Bank of India would need to raise $40 billion by March 2016, just to maintain import cover at the present eight months.
It said the factors that are supporting the Indian rupee include softening of oil prices, the continuation of gold import curbs and rising FII equity inflows.
"We expect the RBI to hold Rs 58-62/USD for now even though the US Dollar has strengthened below 1.30/Euro," BofA-ML said in a research note, adding that rising FII equity inflows at $9.6 billion so far this fiscal has also led to a helping hand to the rupee.
"We continue to expect RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan to buy FX at Rs 58+/USD to guard against contagion," the report noted.
Dr Rajan has also said that RBI is preparing for any rate hikes by the US Federal Reserve by building an adequate level of foreign exchange.
"Any emerging market today is going to look at the currency volatility and say 'whatever money comes in, I'm going to be careful about it, I'm going to build some reserves..," he had said in Chicago last week.
According to the BofA-ML report, restrictions on gold imports is expected to contain the current account deficit at 1.7 per cent of GDP in FY15.
The rupee would price in the eventual liberalisation of gold imports and this in turn would push up the current account deficit to 2.4 per cent of GDP in FY16, especially if pent up demand leads to a jump in gold imports, it added.
According to BofA-ML gold price is expected to be at $1375/oz in 2015.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 17:21 (IST)

SAC Capital Ex-Portfolio Manager Martoma Gets 9 Years for Insider TradingTrump Entertainment Files for Bankruptcy, May Close Taj Mahal Casino
New York: The parents of Mathew Martoma, the former portfolio manager for SAC Capital Advisors, sat quietly through his insider trading trial this year. But moments after a federal judge sentenced Martoma on Monday to nine years in prison for carrying out one of the biggest insider trading schemes on record, his parents could contain themselves no more.
Speaking on the sidewalk outside the old federal courthouse in Lower Manhattan, Martoma's parents said he had been wrongly convicted. The couple asked why Martoma's former boss, Steven A. Cohen, the billionaire investor who founded SAC, was not also charged with insider trading if their son had done something wrong.
"He was framed," Lizzie Thomas said of her son, Mathew, who was convicted in February by a federal jury in Manhattan. His father, Bobbie Martoma, then added that his son had refused to cooperate with the federal authorities against Cohen because he did not want to violate the commandment against "bearing false witness." His parents both criticized the nine-year sentence meted out by Judge Paul G. Gardephe of U.S. District Court in Manhattan as being too severe. The couple suggested that Martoma was given a harsher penalty than most of the other 84 people who were convicted of or pleaded guilty in the insider trading investigation because of his Indian heritage. Martoma's parents are both immigrants from India.
Preet Bharara, the U.S. attorney for Manhattan, whose office indicted Martoma, 40, and prosecuted him, is also of Indian-American ancestry. The nine-year sentence was in line with the recommendation made to Gardephe by prosecutors working for Bharara.
The emotional response by Martoma's parents occurred after Gardephe said the stiff sentence was appropriate given the hundreds of millions of dollars at stake in the 2008 insider trading scheme that involved trades in shares of two drug companies. Gardephe said that while Martoma clearly was a good husband to his wife, Rosemary, a good father to his three children and a charitable person, there was also a darker side to his personality.
"The conduct at SAC was not aberrant conduct," Gardephe said, noting that before getting a job with Cohen's firm, Martoma was expelled from Harvard Law School for doctoring his transcript.
Gardephe, toward the conclusion of the nearly 90-minute proceeding, said, "The sums here are staggering, and the size of the punishment must be sufficient to deter others."
Martoma's lawyers had simply asked Gardephe to show mercy and sentence him to a term of no more than two to three years in prison. Lou Colasuonno, a spokesman for Martoma and his lawyers, issued a statement that said Martoma and his family "are devastated by the outcome" and plan to appeal. Martoma was silent during much of the sentencing hearing, allowing his lawyer Richard M. Strassberg, a partner with Goodwin Procter, to do most of the talking. Rosemary Martoma, seated in the front row, could be seen wiping her eyes at times.
Martoma was also ordered to forfeit a $9.38 million bonus he earned while working at SAC in 2008. The forfeiture includes the luxury home in Boca Raton, Florida, that the couple bought in 2010 for about $2 million.
Hours before the sentencing hearing was scheduled to begin, Gardephe indicated some of his thinking about Martoma's illegal trades in shares of two drug companies, Elan and Wyeth. The judge said in a 25-page decision issued Monday morning that it was appropriate for him to consider all of the $275 million in profits and avoided losses made by Martoma and Cohen, his former boss.
Gardephe noted that while prosecutors did not name Cohen as a co-conspirator, the evidence at trial proved that Martoma "provided inside information to Cohen and this information was the basis for Mr. Cohen and SAC Capital's subsequent trades in Elan and Wyeth securities."
Martoma was convicted of using inside information about a clinical trial for an experimental Alzheimer's drug to help SAC make trades in shares of the two drug companies. The trades in Elan and Wyeth - in which SAC sold large positions before the release of negative information about the clinical trial - took place over a few days in July 2008.
Martoma had said that sentencing him to a long prison term would present an undue hardship on his wife, a nonpracticing physician, and their three children. Martoma and his lawyers had argued that it was unfair for him to receive a long prison sentence for what was essentially a single incident of insider trading.
Prosecutors countered that the number of trades was irrelevant because the improper trading helped SAC generate the $275 million in profits and avoid losses.
The nine-year sentence is two years shy of the 11-year sentence given to Raj Rajaratnam, co-founder of the former Galleon Group hedge fund, which remains the longest sentence anyone in the current insider trading investigation has received.
The sentencing of Martoma closed another chapter in the federal government's investigation of Cohen and his hedge fund, which lasted for more than seven years. SAC was one of the most successful hedge funds before the firm pleaded guilty to insider trading and was forced by the government to stop managing money for outside investors. Federal prosecutors never charged Cohen, 58, with any wrongdoing, but he still faces a civil regulatory action that could permanently bar him from working in the securities industry.
© 2014, The New York Times News Service
Story first published on: September 09, 2014 09:35 (IST)

Rolcon Engineering: Outcome of EGMSep 09, 2014, 09.27 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Rolcon Engineering: Outcome of EGM
Rolcon Engineering Company Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on September 04, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rolcon Engineering: Outcome of EGM
Rolcon Engineering Company Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on September 04, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Rolcon Engineering Company Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on September 04, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Indiabulls Infrastructure s AGM on Sept 30  2014Sep 09, 2014, 09.27 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indiabulls Infrastructure's AGM on Sept 30, 2014
Indiabulls Infrastructure and Power Ltd has informed BSE that the 4th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indiabulls Infrastructure's AGM on Sept 30, 2014
Indiabulls Infrastructure and Power Ltd has informed BSE that the 4th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Indiabulls Infrastructure and Power Ltd has informed BSE that the 4th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Here are some stock picks from Siddarth BhamreLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are some stock picks from Siddarth Bhamre
Watch the interview of Siddarth Bhamre of Angel Broking with Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his reading and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Post your opinion here

Recover land from China  Pak and I will garland you: Mulayam to Narendra ModiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rupee falls tracking broad dollar rallyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Kashmir Floods: 23 500 Rescued; How Defence Forces Won Hearts in J&K [PHOTOS]What do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
The Indian Army will not move back to the barracks till the last man is brought to safety."
1 of 4   The Armed Forces rescue people in the Kashmir floods Indian Army Twitter Account   Armed Forces rescue people in Kashmir floods Indian Army Twitter Account   Armed Forces rescue people in Kashmir floods Indian Army Twitter Account   Armed ...

Sensex  Nifty Struggle Ahead of Coal Case HearingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hindustan Organic Chemicals  AGM on Sept 24  2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Titagarh Wagons  workmen on strikeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian-origin fund manager sentenced to 9 yrs in jail in USThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ukraine claims to respect ceasefire  points to  terroristsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Japan mourns Nishikori loss but savours his fairytale runThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Keep it in your portfolio. do not sell. watch when it will cross 5 k. ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Is it possible stocks like irb can be gained 20 inr in a day that`s to...New Member
0 Follower
Which news will take it to 285 level today or Is Your statement based on Technical views.please advice....
In reply to : saurabh10000 message
11.12 AM Sep 9th

Short woth stop loss of 216Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Dear mr. subbu  i know my technical terms  ema is exponential moving a...New Member
0 Follower
Mr Dipankar, It is DMA (Daily moving  average) and not EMA. Further, 50 days  DMA is Rs 43/01  and not Rs 67/.
In reply to : dipankar_ghosh message
9.02 AM Sep 9th

Markets open weak ahead of SC verdict on coal blocksSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 09:30 AM IST
Markets open weak ahead of SC verdict on coal blocks
The main losers on the Sensex are Hindalco, Infosys, ICICI Bank and Tata Motors
Markets have started the trading session marginally weak ahead of ahead of the Supreme Court's decision on coal blocks allocations later today.
By 9:30, the Sensex was lower by 18 points at 27,300 mark and the Nifty dipped by 8 points at 8,165 levels.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 1162.98 crore on Monday, as per provisional data from the stock exchanges.
RUPEE
The rupee is weaker at 60.44/45 versus its Monday's close of 60.29/30. Dollar trades at 14-month highs against a basket of major currencies early on Tuesday.
The index of the dollar against six majors currently up 0.27%.
GLOBAL MARKETS
The U.S. dollar was holding broad-based gains in Asia on Tuesday in a boon for shares of Japanese exporters but a burden for oil, gold and stocks in the energy majors.
As the dollar finally broke to a six-year peak on the yen and a one-year top on the euro, Brent oil sank to 16-month lows while gold carved out a three-month trough.
A falling yen tends to be viewed as positive for Japanese exporters and corporate profits, and helped lift the Topix 0.2 percent to 1,301. That was within a whisker of this year's peak at 1,308.08 and a break there would put it on ground last trod in July 2008.
Markets elsewhere in the region were steady with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan down a slight 0.1%.
Despite market concerns over China's economy, stocks there have been buoyed by talk of more stimulus and reform measures.
SECTORS & STOCKS
BSE Metal index has slipped by almost 0.5% followed by counters like IT, Banks, Capital Goods and Consumer Durables, all dipping between 0.1-0.4%. However, BSE Healthcare, FMCG and Auto indices have gained between 0.1-0.3%.
The main losers on the Sensex are Hindalco, Infosys, ICICI Bank, Tata Motors, Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite and Bharti Airtel.
Metal stocks are in focus with the apex court scheduled to announce its decision on coal block allocations.
On the gaining side, Cipla, TCS, GAIL, Tata Power and NTPC have gained between 0.6-1.5%.
Drug maker Cipla has gained nearly 1.5% to Rs 572 on the BSE after the company on Monday announced commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices have gained between 0.3-0.4%.
The market breadth in BSE remains positive with 1,048 shares advancing and 568 shares declining.
 Advertisements

Cipla gains on collaboration with S&D PharmaSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 09:26 AM IST
Cipla gains on collaboration with S&D Pharma
Cipla has gained nearly 1.5% on commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia
Drug maker Cipla has gained nearly 1.5% to Rs 572 on the BSE after the company on Monday announced commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
 
In a Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) filing, Cipla said this collaboration will enable it to focus on its core therapy areas, while S&D Pharma will be the key partner for generics.
 
Under the collaboration, Cipla will drive its respiratory product portfolio in both Czech Republic and Slovakia through a Cipla-owned sales force team, managed by Cipla commercial head, the company said in a statement.
 
S&D Pharma will physically distribute all products, including respiratory products, and this portfolio will increase over the next few years, it added.
 
The stock opened at Rs 566, touched a high of Rs 573 and a low of Rs 566 on the BSE. A total of 18,030 shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.
 Advertisements

United Spirits board to probe loans to UB GroupUnited Spirits board to probe loans to UB Group on Mallya's wilful defaulter tag
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 14:25 IST
Vijay Mallya, United Breweries Group chairman (Photo: Reuters)
The Board of United Spirits Ltd, now controlled by Diageo , has ordered a probe into the loans given by United Spirits to UB Group companies as it posted a whopping net loss of Rs 4,488.77 crore for the financial year ended March 31, 2014.
While ordering the probe for a "detailed and expeditious enquiry on doubtful loans", the company said, "The Board has directed the Managing Director to engage independent advisors and specialists as required for the enquiry.
"Certain pre-existing loans/deposits/advances due to the company and its wholly owned subsidiaries from United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd which were in existence as on March 31, 2013, has been taken into consider atom in the consolidated annual accounts of the company drawn up as of that date.
Pursuant to a previous resolution passed by the Board on October 11, 2012, such dues (together with interest) aggregating to Rs 1337.40 crore were consolidated into, and recorded as, an unsecured loan by way of an agreement between the company and UBHL," the company said.
USL made provisions of Rs 1,012.75 crore in year ended March 31, 2014 on the account of ' doubtful loans ' and exceptional item of Rs 3,235.73 crore on sales of Scottish subsidiary, Whyte and Mackay.
For the quarter ended March 31, 2014, the company reported standalone net sales of Rs 1,916.95 as against Rs 1,866.18 crore in the corresponding period a year ago.
For the quarter ended March 31, 2014, USL's standalone net loss stood at Rs 5380.10 crore as against net profit of Rs 56.02 crore. The company had reported a net loss of Rs 105.03 crore in the fiscal ended March 31, 2013.
The probe comes after UB group chairman Vijay Mallya was declared a wilful defaulter by state-owned United Bank of India.
However, Mallya disagreed with the action of the lender and said he would pursue legal action.
"We were not given a hearing, we have not appeared before them, we disagree with their action and we shall pursue legal action ," Mallya told reporters after the annual general meeting of United Breweries yesterday.
World's largest spirits maker Diageo Plc announced on November 9, 2012 that it will acquire 53.4 per cent stake in United Spirits for Rs 11,166.5 crore in a multi-structured deal.

Subrata Roy seeks more time in Tihar outhouse to negotiate. Buyers hard to findPlatinum Member
269 Followers
I am quite sure that nothing will happen this way. Why a guy willing to pay Rs.10000 crores will come to jail guest house to negotiate with Mr.Roy.  International deals doesn`t happen this way. The investment bankers who got the mandate do the entire leg work, and they can appraise him on regular basis.  I am so surprised the way the negotiations are being held and handled.  At times I get a doubt whether he is looking for a bail out plan with out selling the hotel through some arrangement with people outside India?  Or it is just gimmick to dilute the seriousness of the issue at SC or waiting some favourable developments in the Apex court?

Pawar targets Shah at launch of poll campaignFrom left: NCP leaders Ajit Pawar, Dilip Walse-Patil, Chhagan Bhujbal, Praful Patel, Sharad Pawar and Sunil Tatkare break coconuts to launch the party’s campaign for Assembly elections, in Mumbai on Saturday. (Source: Express photo by Ganesh Shirsekar)
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 7, 2014 12:52 am | Updated: September 7, 2014 12:53 am
Nationalist Congress Party president Sharad Pawar Saturday trained guns on BJP president Amit Shah and said the leader who himself had a long list of cases pending in various courts should mind his language while making allegations against political rivals.
Pawar, who launched the NCP campaign for Maharashtra Assembly elections Saturday, chose to attack Shah who is likely to be the star campaigner for BJP. Shah has already pledged to “dislodge the Congress-NCP government”.
Pawar said: “I have seen reports that suggest the NDA government took the decision to appoint former chief justice of India P Sathasivam as the Governor of Kerala as a quid pro quo for helping Amit Shah.  It baffles me to see a former CJI readily accepting his appointment as governor. It is the CJI who administers the oath of office to state governors. And here we have a former CJI taking the charge as governor. It is shocking as it somewhere undermines the post of CJI.”
Referring to Shah’s attack on the NCP during his Mumbai visit earlier this week, Pawar said: “The all-India BJP president should show some restrain when speaking against political rivals. He himself has a long list of cases against him and is facing trials.”
On Thursday, Shah said at a BJP function in Mumbai: “The Congress-NCP government has a series of scams to the tune of Rs 11.88 lakh crores.” He had also criticised Sharad Pawar for “ignoring farmers at the cost of industrialists”.
Meanwhile, speaking at the launch of NCP campaign, Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar, who also addressed the gathering, warned NCP workers that anybody found working against the party’s interest would not be spared. He said there could not be any compromise on dedication for the party, adding: “All of us have to pledge to see our government returns to power in Maharashtra.”
‘Alliance is on’
Even as the NCP launched its poll campaign, its seat-sharing negotiations with the Congress remains inconclusive. NCP chief Sharad Pawar, however, indicated that if the NCP got seats on its terms a joint campaign with the Congress was possible. Stressing on “secular politics”, he said: “Assembly elections are not about becoming ministers or MLAs. We have to safeguard the secular politics and ensure welfare of Maharashtra.” Earlier, former Union minister Praful Patel said: “NCP expects more seats from Congress. We want this alliance. We have no intention to join hands with the BJP. If that were the case, we would have done this in 1999. But we believe in secular politics.” continued…

Shah on two-day visit to state  to chalk out plan for BJP expansionBJP president Amit Shah at Kolkata airport on Saturday. (Source: Express photo by Subham Dutta)
Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: September 7, 2014 3:13 am
Hoping to send a strong message to the ruling party in West Bengal ahead of the Assembly bypolls on two seats here, BJP national president Amit Shah arrived in Kolkata Saturday. In his two-day visit, his first here since taking charge as party chief, Shah will address the state committee members at BJP headquarters on Sunday and discuss the electoral strategy for the bypolls scheduled for September 13.
Later in the day, Shah will hold a public meeting in Bow Bazaar area in support of party’s Chowringhee Assembly seat candidate, Ritesh Tiwari.
Post the meetings, he will leave for Ranchi.
The BJP’s state unit expects Shah, who has taken the charge of Bengal after a turnaround performance for the party in UP during the LS polls, to help it consolidate on the gains recorded in Bengal as well.
Although BJP won only two Lok Sabha seats in Bengal, its vote share rose to 16.8 per cent from the last parliamentary elections. And Shah is expected to capitalise on that.
“He (Shah) has accepted Bengal as a challenge. (Chief Minister) Mamata Banerjee had said in a public meeting that we would not get even five seats here in 2016 Assembly elections. We have taken it seriously. The party has started working at all levels to expand our base here. And Amitji will chalk out the strategy for us,” a state committee member of the BJP said.
Even Shah had, during his recent visit to Kerala, made it clear that Bengal is on his radar where he hopes BJP will emerge as a viable option for the voters in the state polity.
On Saturday, attending Shah’s preliminary state committee meeting, BJP national general secretary (organisation) Ram Lal hinted at the aspects Shah would undertake when he chalks out the electoral plans for the state unit.
“The international border with Bangladesh is deliberately kept porous by the TMC government to increase its vote bank. The infiltrators are given shelter here. However, a nationalist party like the BJP will not accept this,” he said.
“We will not allow the state to turn into a state of infiltrators. We would do everything possible under the democratic framework to stop infiltration,” he added.
Referring to the repeated attacks on BJP workers, which the party claims were “state-sponsored”, Ram Lal directed workers to be “strong” and “fight” such attacks on them.

Schools in district cold to speech reveals reportStudents watch PM’s speech on Teachers’ Day at Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Urdu and Marathi Vidyalaya in Laxminagar near Parvati on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Pavan Khengre)
Written by Ardhra Nair | Pune | Posted: September 7, 2014 4:05 am | Updated: September 7, 2014 4:06 am
The review of attendance in schools in Pune district during Prime Minister’s Narendra Modi’s speech reveals that the response in the city and the district to the speech was apparently “cold.” Data shows that less than a third of the students and less than half the teachers in the district actually watched or listened to the speech in their schools. The report was given to Primary Education Department by the Zilla Parishad on Saturday evening, said an official of the Zilla Parishad.
As per statistics given by the education department, only 4,645 schools showed the speech on Teachers’ Day.
A total of 5,83,296 students watched the speech as per the ZP report whereas the number of students in the district is 17,96,270 as per Unified District Information System for Education (UDISE), 2013-14 data. About 23,745 teachers listened or watched the speech in their schools whereas the actual number of teachers is 56,296. Total number of schools as per the 2013-14 UDISE data is 6,996.
Talking about the poor response, Faizal Shaikh, chairman, Education Board, PCMC, said, “The poor response may be because of many reasons. Earlier, the speech was compulsory, and if it remained so, attendance would have been better. But when it was publicised it is not compulsory, attendance must have come down.”
It was announced on August 28 in a video conference meeting between the centre and the state secretaries that the PM’s speech on Teachers’ Day has to be shown to all the students in all the schools. It was later clarified by the Ministry of Human Resource Development that the speech was not mandatory in all schools. The school education department of Maharashtra had on Monday sent a report to the government on all schools in the state and their resources to telecast the speech scheduled between 3 pm and 4:45 pm on Friday. Another review has to be sent stating how many schools and how many students heard the speech.
“We will not ask any schools why they did not show the speech because as per the second directive, it was not compulsory. We are taking the review because the centre asked us to do so,” said Mushtaq Shaikh, District (Primary) Education Officer, ZP.

UT Police to honour 7 cops who were injured on dutyWritten by Japjeet Duggal | Chandigarh | Posted: September 7, 2014 3:47 am
Clockwise: Constable Sonia, Constable Deepak, Head Constable Mohinder Singh, Head constable
Om Parkash, Constable Devinder, Head Constable Paramjit Singh and ASI Balbir Singh
After the video of a constable who was injured on duty went viral on WhatsApp, UT Police got many calls from private organisations and NGOs offering to felicitate the constable who was in the video, the UT Police decided to honour all the seven traffic policemen who have suffered injuries on duty. Some of them have already been awarded while others are yet to get their Class I commendation certificates and cash rewards.
SSP Maneesh Chaudhry (Traffic) said, “These officers have risked their lives and need to be motivated so they feel proud of being in the police. The officers will be recognised during the traffic week along with their families so that the residents know that we have brave officers in our force”.
Talking to Newsline, the seven officers who were injured said that senior officers need to take a stronger stand for them. “The accused should be given strict punishment,” they said. Most of the accused in these cases are youngsters.
Constable Sonia
On New Year’s eve, Sonia was returning home from duty near JW Marriot Hotel. Around 1.45 am she was with a colleague near her residence in Manimajra. As she dropped her colleague, a car from Shastri Nagar Light Point hit Sonia’s Activa, she tried to stop the car. However, the driver did not stop and tried to flee after hitting her. She jumped on the other side of the road as the car driver tried to run over her. Meanwhile, her colleague called the PCR and the accused was nabbed. “It has been many months and I do not fear anymore,” she said.
Constable Deepak
On May 7, Deepak was deputed at Colony Number 5 light point when around 4.30 pm a car bearing a Punjab registration number came from Mohali side and stopped his car on the Zebra crossing. Deepak requested the car driver to show his driving licence. Instead, the accused sped away, dragging the constable on his car’s bonnet. A CTU bus driver saw and stopped his bus in front of the driver so that he stops. Deepak suffered a fracture in his leg. “I still fear that day. Now I do not go near the vehicle. I signal the vehicle to stop, if they don’t, I flash the registration number on PCR and traffic control room so that address of the accused can be found and a challan can be sent at his residence. Our seniors have also asked us to save ourselves first,” he said.
Head Constable Mohinder Singh
On May 28, Mohinder Singh was deputed for traffic duty at Sector 17 C. Around 9.15 am, an unknown person on a Motorcycle came from Fire Brigade Office side and was continued…

Disgraced Former BuzzFeed Editor Joins Conservative Websitereddit
Benny Johnson, the former BuzzFeed editor who was fired for plagiarism, is getting a second chance at a journalism career.
The National Review told Politico Playbook that Johnson will be joining their staff as the site's head of social media.
"Benny made a terrible mistake," said NRO chief Rich Lowry. "But he has owned up to it and learned from it. He's a talented journalist, with obviously a lot to contribute."
In a tweet, Johnson said that he is "honored to be joining the incredible team at @NRO."
Johnson was fired in July after two bloggers surfaced several damning accounts of plagiarism. In some cases, Johnson appeared to lift exact phrases from Wikipedia and Yahoo Answers.
BuzzFeed said they were "deeply embarrassed" about the incidents and apologized to readers. According to editor-in-chief Ben Smith, BuzzFeed found 41 examples of plagiarism in Johnson's work.
Before joining BuzzFeed, Johnson wrote for conservative websites 'The Blaze' and 'Breitbart News.' Johnson, a former College Republican and Mitt Romney 2008 campaign worker, has been outspoken about his right-leaning political views.
Here's a picture of him and Paul Ryan, via his Twitter account:
Who has better tunes? pic.twitter.com/qRBrxkWaav

Serena Williams makes it three in a row at US OpenNew York, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 8, 2014 07:20 IST
Serena Williams makes it three in a row at US Open
DPA
AP Serena Williams ended the Grand Slam season in style, winning her third consecutive US Open championship and 18th major title overall.
TOPICS
Serena Williams won the 18th Grand Slam title of her career on Sunday, beating Caroline Wozniacki 6-3, 6-3 to claim a third consecutive trophy at the US Open.
Williams joins Martina Navratilova and Chris Evert in the record books.
That pair of legends was on hand at the trophy ceremony to present Williams with an 18-carat gold bracelet to mark her achievement. The winner also collected 3 million dollars in prize money and 1 million dollars for winning the North American run-up series points race.
“It’s really a wonderful feeling,” said an emotional Williams. “It feels great.”
“I could not have imagined it working out any better,” she said. “I couldn’t have asked to set this record at a better place.” Williams described Wozniaki as “a great friend,” who “knows the struggles I’ve been through. We text every day.”
“Congratulations to Serena, she really deserved it today, She played better than me,” Wozniacki said.
“She’s such an inspiration on and off the court. You’re an unbelievable friend — and you definitely owe drinks later.”
Williams and Wozniacki got off to tentative starts on serve in the opening set, with a run of breaks finally halted as Williams took a 5-2 lead.
Woznaicki saved a set point in the eight game before Williams claimed the set 6-3. Wozniacki managed only one winner in the set, an ace in the fourth game.
Williams began to make a big impact on serve in the second set after starting with a break. Wozniacki served up her only love game of the afternoon for 3-4, with Williams then catching her flat-footed to take a 5-3 lead.
The top seed closed out the record-setting victory a game later when Wozniacki fired a backhand long on the first of two match points.
Williams then fell to the ground in joy and shock before starting her victory celebration.

Goldman Sachs raises NSE Nifty target to 9 000After sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Never-seen-before photos of Narendra Modi!on Sep 16, 2013 , 01:56 pm
38540 Views  |  4  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Narendra Modi's full name is Narendra Damodardas Modi. As a young teenager Modi used to run a tea stall with his brother.  Image courtesy: Procured via Google Search
Narendra Modi's full name is Narendra Damodardas Modi. As a young teenager Modi used to run a tea stall with his brother.  Image courtesy: Procured via Google Search

Jhalak  spl: Mouni Roy s HOT photosPhoto uploaded by Madhavi Jain
on Aug 25, 2014 , 01:03 pm
3463 Views  |  3  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Mouni comes from a middle-class Bengali family in Cooch Behar, West Bengal. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images
Mouni comes from a middle-class Bengali family in Cooch Behar, West Bengal. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images

Asha Bhosle s scandalous life in picsPhoto uploaded by Monika Rawal
on Sep 04, 2013 , 12:21 pm
4859 Views  |  1  Comment  |  
Report Abuse
When Asha Bhosle was around 15, she eloped with her neighbour,  a 31 year old Ganpatrao Bhosle. He was Lata's personal secretary. Image Source: Procured via Google Search.
When Asha Bhosle was around 15, she eloped with her neighbour,  a 31 year old Ganpatrao Bhosle. He was Lata's personal secretary. Image Source: Procured via Google Search.

Yao Ming Vows To Put An End To Elephant Tusk Tradereddit
Since retiring from the Houston Rockets in 2011, basketball player Yao Ming has set his sights on some impressive new goals -– this time without a net.
Ming, a native of Shanghai, China, has vowed to put an end to the ivory tusk trade in his home country to stave off the endangered African elephant’s path to extinction.
To bring his mission to the masses, Ming, 33, traveled to Africa with the WildAid foundation to document the poaching crisis for a new documentary, “The End of the Wild.”
In a recent interview with The Washington Post, the long-time animal rights activist opened up about his heartbreaking journey to Kenya and South Africa.
“Before that [journey], it was more of a number for me — how many tons of ivory, how much money comes out of this business. Sometimes the number is cold,” he said. “After you visit Africa, it is very unique. I felt that I built some kind of special connection with the animals.”
Ivory has long been used for lavish gifts, including jewelry, guns, and sculptures; in China, ivory carving dates back centuries.
But the ivory trade continues to decimate the world's elephant population . Demand for the rare material risen in China along with the country's growing wealthy class; the price of ivory has tripled in China over the last four years.
It’s estimated that each year, 30,000 elephants are killed for their ivory tusks, according to WildAid.
“ The Chinese hold the key to the elephants’ future ,” Iain Douglas-Hamilton, founder of Save the Elephants, told the New York Times last year. “If things continue the way they are, many countries could lose their elephants altogether.”
Ming originally partnered with WildAid in 2006 for a different animal-rights crisis. He campaigned with the group in China against the killing of an estimated 1.5 million sharks every week for shark fin soup, a delicacy, according to the Associated Press. Sales have since fallen between 50 and 70 percent, the Washington Post reports, thanks in part to a ban on serving shark fin soup at government banquets.
Now, Ming is hoping people in his home country will once again open their eyes to another animal cruelty. In addition to the documentary, his "Say No To Ivory" campaign has also involved television ads, billboards, and petitioning the Chinese government to ban ivory sales.
“China is a rising economic country. More and more people are living in better economic conditions now, but we have to balance our desires,” Ming told the Post. “If we don’t balance that, it is pretty obvious we cannot live alone on this planet. If there is a list of species going extinct, I am pretty sure we won’t be last on that list.”
More:

Pressure on Apple to wow the world on Sept 9Will Apple be able to wow the world on September 9?
Reuters     San Francisco   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 11:49 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
It has been four years since Apple introduced a completely new gadget and the pressure is on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its "special event" in Cupertino, California, on Tuesday.
Apple has fed the high expectations, with promises by executives that the company's best product pipeline in 25 years is being readied inside its secretive facilities. That is a high bar for a company whose hits include the modern, graphic-based personal computer, the smartphone, the iPod and the tablet PC.
Those now ubiquitous gadgets were created under the innovative and famously meticulous eye of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, who died in 2011. When Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook takes the stage on Tuesday, technology aficionados, investors and rivals will be watching closely to see whether Jobs' handpicked successor inherited the magic touch or whether Apple's winning streak is coming to an end.
"We think Apple's pipeline is finally going to satisfy those who have wondered if the company has any new products. The stock price has been rallying as investors are beginning to believe that Tim Cook all along was telling the truth that there is an incredible pipeline of products," said Michael Yoshikami, CEO of Destination Wealth Management.
In the last five years, the period beginning July 1 has been the most fruitful for holders of Apple shares, with an average price gain of about 22.5 percent, compared with 11 percent gains seen in the first half of the last five years.
Below are some of the key products and features to look out for at Apple's big event on Tuesday:
iWatch
Rumors of an Apple smartwatch go back several years, but Tuesday may finally be showtime. The watch, which will reportedly have a flexible screen and come in two sizes, will track its wearer's health and fitness, double as an electronic wallet and of course, display messages.
The watch is not likely to go on sale until sometime in 2015 and Apple may not even reveal its price on Tuesday. But with rivals such as Google Inc and Samsung Electronics Co already entering the smartwatch market, tech-watchers are anxious for Apple to show its cards.
"The market has been waiting for Apple's product as the real category-defining product," said FBN Securities analyst Shebly Seyfari.
iPhone 6
Smartphones are Apple's bread-and-butter, representing more than half of its revenue, and the company is expected to introduce a pair of new models with bigger screens, a sleeker design and wireless payment capabilities. The iPhone 6 will be available with 5.5-inch or 4.7-inch screens, a step up from the current models' 4-inch screens. There is also speculation that some phones will boast extra-tough screens made from scratch-resistant sapphire material.
Mobile Wallet
Apple has reportedly struck deals with major credit card providers Visa Inc, MasterCard Inc and American Express Co. The partnerships, as well as a special communication chip within the new iPhone and smartwatch, would allow consumers to use their gadgets at stores to buy everything from coffee to blue jeans - changing the shopping experience and extending Apple's reach from the Web to real-world commerce.
Health
Apple's launch of the "HealthKit" data service earlier this year made it clear that it sees its products helping consumers manage personal health information. By incorporating the HealthKit service into the iPhone 6, and by packing its smartwatch with sensors capable of monitoring physical movements and heart rates, Apple could lay the groundwork for a broader push into mobile healthcare.
One More Thing? Apple's Jobs was famous for surprising fans with unexpected products at the end of his presentations. Could Cook preserve the tradition with a peek at a long-awaited Apple television, a rumored bigger iPad or a completely unexpected product?

Help! In-laws controlling my moneyon Sep 03, 2014 , 10:27 am
807 Views
(8)
(16)
Okay no. It's not really happening to me but to my sister. So you can understand why it must be a big deal for me. 
She just got married a year back and she was so happy! But marriage clearly is not working out in her favour. My sister has lost all freedom. Whatever she earns goes to her in-laws. They demand all the money from her. She is just given a weekly allowance to survive on!
Even to buy new clothes she must spread her hands before other. And the funny part is it's her money! What should she do? I really want to help her out. Please suggest something.

Super snack: How to make mouth-watering Shahi Samosa at home1 inch grated piece or 1 tsp paste ginger
1 finely cut de-seeded green chilly
About ¼ tsp Garam masala
About ¼ tsp Mango powder
About ¼ tsp Red chilly powder
(Source: nishamadhulika.com)
METHOD
STEP 1: MAKING THE DOUGH FOR SAMOSAS
Add ghee, salt and carom seeds in maida. Mix all ingredients. Keep adding water to the mix till it transforms into a dough hard enough to make samosas.
I use ¾ cups of water for kneading.
Now cover the dough and keep it aside for fermenting for about ½ hour. Meanwhile let’s prepare stuffing for samosas.
STEP 2: STUFFING FOR SHAHI SAMOSA
Cut paneer into small chunks.
Peel potatoes and mash them.
Make 6-7 pieces from one cashew nut.
Heat oil in a pan.
Add cumin seeds in oil and allow it to crackle.
Add green chilly, ginger and green peas and sauté for 2 minutes.
Add coriander powder, paneer chunks, potatoes, cashew nuts, raisins, salt, red chilly powder, mango powder, garam masala and green coriander leaves. Mix all ingredients well.
Stuffing is ready; take it out it in a bowl.
(Source: nishamadhulika.com)
STEP 3: HOW TO MAKE SAMOSAS
Knead the dough until it becomes soft.
Take little amount of dough (lemon size) and roll it.
5-6 balls can be prepared from this much quantity of dough.
Take one ball and place it on rolling plate.
With help of rolling pin roll it into 8-9 inch diameter round roti.
Divide the roti from center into two equal halves.
Keep one part in your hand and put some water on the edges with help of a finger.
Fold the edges giving it a round shape.
(Source: nishamadhulika.com)
Fill stuffing in the cone, leaving ½ inch space from top.
Now again put some water all around the edges from inner side.
Give a plate or fold at the back side and stick both the sides nicely making sure the stuffing doesn’t pops out.
Keep the done samosa on a plate and prepare all samosas in a similar way.
Take oil for frying samosas in a pan and place it on flame for heating. When oil gets medium hot add 4-5 or as many as samosas as possible in the pan and fry on low-medium flame until they turn golden brown in color (it take 10-12 minutes for frying samosas of one continued…

US Open: Serena Williams romps home to 18th grand slamsports
US Open: Serena Williams romps home to 18th grand slam
Serena Williams returns a shot against Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark during their US Open final match at the Flushing Meadows.(Source: AP)
A complete view of Williams' celebration after she brought down Wozniacki in the women's singles final. (Source: AP Photo)
Serena Williams moments away from winning her 6th US Open, she beat good friend Caroline Wozniacki in the final at the Arthur Ashe Stadium in New York (Source: AP Photo)
Serena Williams is ecstatic after winning her 18th grand slam title. (Source: AP)
Serena reduced the final into a no-contest defeating her counterpart from Denmark 6-3 6-3, it was her third straight and sixth overall US Open crown. (Source: AP photo)
Martina Navratilova, left, and Chris Evert, right, pose for a photo with Serena Williams after she beat Caroline Wozniacki, of Denmark, in the championship match on Sunday, Sept. 7, 2014, in New York. (AP Photo)
Serena Williams, right, hugs Caroline Wozniacki, of Denmark, after winning the 2014 Women's singles at Flushing Meadows. (AP Photo)
Williams and Wozniacki share a lighter moment at the Flushing Meadows; both vacationed together this summer and the world number one said she exchanges text messages with the Dane daily. (Source: AP Photo)
Serena Williams lifts the championship trophy after defeating Wozniacki; with that victory she is now level with Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova for fourth place on the all-time list. (Source: AP Photo)
Serena Williams hugs the championship trophy after defeating  Caroline Wozniacki. (Source: AP Photo)
Serena Williams lays down on the court after her win. She is now behind only to Margaret Court, Steffi Graf and Helen Wills Moody in terms of grand slam victories.(Source: AP Photo)
Eva Longoria applauds as Serena Williams and Caroline Wozniacki, of Denmark, are introduced before the start of the championship match of the 2014 U.S. Open tennis tournament, Sunday, Sept. 7, 2014, in New York. (AP Photo)
Film maker Spike Lee watches play between Serena Williams, of the United States, and Caroline Wozniacki, of Denmark. (AP Photo)

Top Microsoft China executive "defects" to rival BaiduAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Sitharaman: Govt working on new policy on intellectual property rightsSitharaman: Govt working on new policy on intellectual property rights
Amiti Sen
Tweet
Commerce & Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman today said the Government would come out with a new policy on intellectual property with the aim of bringing in more clarity on existing laws and giving more protection to Indian industry.
According to Nirmala Sitharaman, the BJP Government is categorically against FDI in multi-brand retail. However, the Ministry does not feel the need to scrap the existing policy that permits 51 per cent foreign investment in the sector.
BJP against FDI in multi-brand retail, but won’t scrap policy, says Commerce Minister
New Delhi, Sept 8:  
The BJP Government is working on a new policy related to the country’s Intellectual Property regime.
The objective is to bring in more clarity in the existing laws and give more protection to the Indian industry, Commerce & Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said, addressing a press conference on Monday.
The Minister, however, did not clarify whether the concerns raised by the US and the EU on certain provisions of the Indian Patent Act that led to the rejection of patents filed by multinational pharmaceutical companies, would be taken into consideration.
“The DIPP will put up a consultation paper on its Web site and would invite comments from the public,” DIPP Secretary Amitabh Kant said.
On the issue of allowing FDI in multi-brand retail, Sitharaman said the BJP Government is categorically against it. However, she said the Ministry does not feel the need to scrap the existing policy that permits 51 per cent foreign investment in the sector.
“There is no conflict in our minds. We are clear that we do want FDI in multi-brand retail. It is just that we do not see there is a need for us to come out with any notification specifying this as we are not sitting on applications,” Sitharaman said.
The Minister said the Government’s policy on FDI in e-commerce was also the same. “We do not allow FDI in e-commerce as well, as the policy is the same as that for multi-brand retail,” she clarified.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Coal Block Auctions Likely by FY15 End: ReportChina Likely to Set Up Industrial Parks in India: Commerce Minister
New Delhi:
As the government awaits Supreme Court's decision on the mines allotted since 1993, Ministry of Power and Coal is firming up plans to commence the auction process by the end of current financial year (2014-15).
The apex court will continue the hearing on the fate of coal blocks allotted between 1993 and 2011 tomorrow. Last month, the Supreme Court had held that all 218 allocations made from 1993 to 2011 are illegal and arbitrary.
According to sources, the Ministry of Power and Coal is planning to auction the blocks, allocation of which may be scrapped by the apex court, by the end of the fiscal.
"The entire process of coal block auction will take at least 6 months," the source said.
The consequences of declaring the allocations illegal would be considered tomorrow taking into account the investments made by companies for various projects and the procedure to be adopted for cancellation.
Of the 218 allocations, 80 were already de-allocated prior to the verdict. Of the remaining 138, 40 are operational with clear licences, while six others are ready to start operations.
The government had urged SC to spare 46 coal blocks - 40 functional ones and six which are ready to start operations.
The apex court has asked Centre, the three Associations - Coal Producers Association, Sponge Iron Manufacturers Association and Independent Power Producers Association of India - and petitioners to file their affidavits.
When asked whether his ministry is prepared to hold auctions if the apex court cancels all the allotted mines, Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal said yesterday, "We are ready for every scenario."
However, he did not elaborate the timeline for coal block auctions.
SC, on August 25, held that all coal blocks allocated during the last 17 years since 1993 by various regimes at the Centre were done illegally and arbitrarily, bringing uncertainty to the fate of 218 block allocations and consequential investments to the tune of around Rs 2 lakh crore.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 18:34 (IST)
MORE FROM NDTV

Panel to Submit Report on New Gas Pricing Formula by WednesdayYou are here: Home Industries
Panel to Submit Report on New Gas Pricing Formula by Wednesday
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 18:59 (IST)
China Likely to Set Up Industrial Parks in India: Commerce Minister
New Delhi:
A four-member panel of secretaries will submit its report on a new gas pricing mechanism by Wednesday, Oil Secretary Saurabh Chandra said today.
The government had last month constituted a committee comprising of secretaries of power, fertilizer and expenditure with additional secretary in the oil ministry as its member secretary, to hold extensive consultations with stakeholders, primarily gas consumers and producers.
"We hope to get it (committee report) by the 10th (of September)," Chandra told reporters on sidelines of the PetroFed Awards function here.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs had on June 25 deferred by three months the implementation of a formula approved by the previous UPA government which would have doubled gas price to $8.4 per million British thermal unit.
The Rangarajan formula, approved by the UPA government, was to be implemented from April 1 but was deferred by three months as general elections were announced. The NDA government on June 25 postponed its implementation by a further three months pending a comprehensive review.
"The (Oil) Minister (Dharmendra Pradhan) has already made a statement on the floor of the Parliament that a new pricing formula will be announced by September 30 and we will stick to that," Chandra said.
Pradhan had told the Parliament last month that the NDA government decided to review the pricing formula keeping in mind public interest and recommendations of the Parliamentary Standing Committee.
Parliamentary Standing Committees on Finance as well as Petroleum had called for a review of the formula suggested by the Dr C Rangarajan headed panel, saying gas price should have some linkage with the cost of production.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 18:56 (IST)

Rupee to Hold at 58-62/Dollar: BofA-MLDollar Sweeps to 14-month High, Kicks Oil Below $100
New Delhi:
The appreciation in the US dollar notwithstanding, the rupee is expected to trade in the 58-62 range supported by softening of global oil prices and curbs on gold imports, says a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report.
The rupee today closed at over 1-month high of 60.29/dollar, its highest level since July 30, when it ended at 60.06.
The global brokerage firm further said that the Reserve Bank of India would need to raise $40 billion by March 2016, just to maintain import cover at the present eight months.
It said the factors that are supporting the Indian rupee include softening of oil prices, the continuation of gold import curbs and rising FII equity inflows.
"We expect the RBI to hold Rs 58-62/USD for now even though the US Dollar has strengthened below 1.30/Euro," BofA-ML said in a research note, adding that rising FII equity inflows at $9.6 billion so far this fiscal has also led to a helping hand to the rupee.
"We continue to expect RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan to buy FX at Rs 58+/USD to guard against contagion," the report noted.
Dr Rajan has also said that RBI is preparing for any rate hikes by the US Federal Reserve by building an adequate level of foreign exchange.
"Any emerging market today is going to look at the currency volatility and say 'whatever money comes in, I'm going to be careful about it, I'm going to build some reserves..," he had said in Chicago last week.
According to the BofA-ML report, restrictions on gold imports is expected to contain the current account deficit at 1.7 per cent of GDP in FY15.
The rupee would price in the eventual liberalisation of gold imports and this in turn would push up the current account deficit to 2.4 per cent of GDP in FY16, especially if pent up demand leads to a jump in gold imports, it added.
According to BofA-ML gold price is expected to be at $1375/oz in 2015.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 17:21 (IST)

Oil Ministry Yet to Move Cabinet for Diesel DeregulationYou are here: Home Economy
Oil Ministry Yet to Move Cabinet for Diesel Deregulation
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 19:41 (IST)
Government to Not Impose Anti-Dumping Duty on Solar Panels: Commerce Minister
As the fall in international oil rates brings domestic diesel retail price at par with cost, the Oil Ministry has not yet moved Cabinet for deregulation of the nation's most consumed fuel.
Under-recovery, or the gap between retail selling price and the cost of imports, this month dipped to an all-time low of 8 paise a litre, helped by the monthly increases and softening in international oil rates.
"No, we haven't done that," Oil Secretary Saurabh Chandra said when asked if his ministry has moved the Cabinet for freeing diesel prices from government control and giving powers to state retailers to revise rates in line with cost.
The NDA government has continued with the previous UPA regime policy of raising diesel rates by up to 50 paise a litre every month to bridge the gap between cost and retail prices.
He said the oil marketing companies review prices of diesel every month and will continue to follow the January 2013 policy of monthly increase.
In June 2010, the UPA government had freed petrol price from its control and rates have since them moved more or less in tandem with cost.
In January 2013, the UPA decided to deregulate diesel prices in stages through monthly 50 paise a litre increases. Rates were last raised on August 31 after which losses have dipped.
Rates have cumulatively risen by Rs 11.81 per litre in 19 instalments since January 2013.
Oil Ministry officials said once the under-recovery is eliminated, a proposal would be put to the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs for deregulation of diesel prices as was done for petrol.
Deregulation would empower state-owned oil firms to change rates in tandem with cost like they do for petrol.
 

SAT stays Sebi penalty on Satyam s Raju  4 othersSAT stays Sebi penalty on Satyam's Raju, 4 others; upholds ban
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 22:13 IST
The Securities Appellate Tribunal on Monday stayed the Rs 1,849-crore penalty that Sebi had slapped on the founder-chairman of Satyam, B Ramalinga Raju and four others, but upheld a ban on them from accessing the markets.
The tribunal posted the matter for further hearing in December, when it will decide whether to admit the pleas of the Raju brothers and others against Sebi order.
The tribunal asked Sebi to explain why such a large amount was imposed as part of a disgorgement order and to file an affidavit stating its position by November 7. The tribunal also asked Raju and four others named in the scam to file counter-affidavits by December 15.
The four others facing the prohibitory orders are Raju's brother B Rama Raju (the then managing director of Satyam), Vadlamani Srinivas (ex-chief financial officer), G Ramakrishna (ex-vice president) and VS Prabhakara Gupta (ex-head of internal audit).
Following the Sebi order, the Raju brothers had moved the SAT last Friday. Sebi on July 15 this year barred Ramalinga Raju and the four others from accessing the market for 14 years and asked them to return Rs 1,849 crore in unlawful gains with 12 per cent interest, in total a disgorgement amount of over Rs 3,000 crore. Sebi asked them to pay up within 45 days of the order, closing five-and-a-half year long probe into the country's biggest corporate fraud.

Thomas Cook India Gains Majority Holding in Sterling HolidayYou are here: Home Corporates
Thomas Cook India Gains Majority Holding in Sterling Holiday
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 22:11 (IST)
Trump Entertainment Files for Bankruptcy, May Close Taj Mahal Casino
New Delhi: Thomas Cook India has gained majority shareholding in Sterling Holiday Resorts with further acquisition of over one crore shares for Rs 116.26 crore through off-market.
Pursuant to a purchase of 11,863,334 paid-up equity shares in Sterling Holiday Resorts (India) Ltd at Rs 98 apiece in an off-market transaction by Thomas Cook Insurance Services (India) Ltd, Sterling Holiday Resorts India has become it's subsidiary, Thomas Cook India said in a filing to the BSE.
The share purchase was done on September 3 and September 5, 2014, it added.
Thomas Cook Insurance Services India Ltd (TCISIL) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Thomas Cook (India), the company said.
"TCISIL now holds approximately 53.48 per cent of Sterling Holiday Resorts India Ltd (SHRIL)," it added.
Travel Corporation (India) Ltd, another subsidiary of Thomas Cook India, owns approximately 1.67 per cent of the paid-up equity of SHRIL, it added.
Thomas Cook India group now holds nearly 55.14 per cent of the paid-up equity share capital of SHRIL, the company said.
Earlier as of June 30, 2014, Thomas Cook India group had a 41.94 per cent stake in Sterling Holiday Resorts.
Thomas Cook India's footprint currently extends to over 233 locations (including 22 airport counters) in 99 cities across India,Mauritius & Sri Lanka.
Shares in Thomas Cook India, on Monday, ended at Rs 144.35 apiece on the BSE, down 0.14 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 22:11 (IST)

Strike to Continue in Neyveli Lignite as Tripartite Talks FailYou are here: Home Corporates
Strike to Continue in Neyveli Lignite as Tripartite Talks Fail
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 23:41 (IST)
Trump Entertainment Files for Bankruptcy, May Close Taj Mahal Casino
Chennai: An early end to the six-day old indefinite strike by more than 10,000 contract labourers of Neyveli Lignite Corporation looked bleak with the first round of tripartite conciliatory talks held here on Monday ending in a deadlock.
The meeting convened by Central Labour Commissioner in Chennai and attended by representatives of NLC and trade unions, including All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC), which accounts for over 7,000 contract labourers, failed to reach any settlement, company and union officials said.
"The meeting held today has failed. NLC management insisted the contract labourers withdraw the strike. We have firmly said unless our demands are met, we will not end the strike", AITUC Cuddalore district general secretary A Sekar told reporters in Chennai.
The second round of talks would be held on September 11 in Puducherry, he said.
The labourers have been on strike since the midnight of September 2 pressing for various demands including regularisation of their service with AITUC spearheading the agitation.
NLC general manager Balaji said during the six-hour long meeting, the company informed that the ongoing strike was in contempt of court in view of the interim order by Madras High Court that restrained unions from going ahead with the stir.
"We will be forced to take some drastic measures," he told reporters without elaborating.
On September 5, Madras High Court had restrained nine unions from proceeding with the strike till October 7 but the trade unions chose to continue their agitation, saying they will file a petition in the court seeking vacation of the stay.
Trade unions maintained that they had been forced to go on the agitation as the company had failed to honour its assurance given before the Supreme Court on regularisation of the employees.
 

Counter-terrorism  growth likely to dominate Obama-Modi agendaheads of state
A White House statement emphasised that Mr. Obama looked forward to working with Mr. Modi to "fulfil the promise of the U.S.-India strategic partnership."
U.S. President Barack Obama on Monday hinted that his summit meeting with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi here at the end of the month may to large extent focus on counterterrorism and security cooperation policies, including within its ambit the rise of Islamic State in Syria and Iraq and prospects for regional stability after the U.S.’ Afghanistan drawdown in months ahead.
A White House statement emphasised that Mr. Obama looked forward to welcoming Mr. Modi to the Washington during September 29-30 and to working with him to “fulfil the promise of the U.S.-India strategic partnership.”
Administration officials here said that the two leaders would discuss a range of issues of mutual interest including ways to accelerate economic growth, bolster security cooperation, and collaborate in activities that bring long-term benefits to both countries and the world.
Highlighting the summit agenda’s focus on “current developments,” in Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq, the White House said that these where areas where India and the U.S. could work together with partners towards a “positive outcome.”
IS, a militant extremist outfit that has in recent months gained control of large swathes of territory in Syria and Iraq, has drawn citizens of numerous countries to its ranks, including from India and the U.S., sparking concerns about terror attacks abroad by radicalised returning nationals.
The summit meeting in the nation’s capital comes after the U.S. reversed a nine-year visa ban issued against Mr. Modi following this year’s Indian general election.
In days prior to his meeting with Mr. Obama, Mr. Modi will attend the United Nations General Assembly and then deliver a much-anticipated address to the Indian-American community here at Madison Square Garden stadium in New York City.

Govt signals IPR recast ahead of Modis US visitAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Bonds end flat ahead of tomorrows auctionAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Bonds gain; Fridays debt sale in focusAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Vishal Sikka thinks up new  design  for Infosys employeesAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Online sales of jewellery set to grow to Rs ...You are here: Home > Collections
Online sales of costume jewellery set to take off; to grow to Rs 4,200 crore within a year
Sutanuka Ghosal, ET Bureau Sep 9, 2014, 02.49AM IST
Tags:
All India Gem & Jewellery Trade Federation
(The market size for costume jewellery is…)
KOLKATA: The domestic online costume jewellery market, which is estimated to grow phenomenally within a year to Rs 4,200 crore from less than Rs 200 crore at present, has a new entrant.
Rebekkah Kumar, an MIT graduate and a former Microsoft techie, is eyeing the middle rung of the market with her private label Fourseven and has tied up with Flipkart and Amazon to sell her products, besides relying on her own e-commerce portal Fourseven.in.
"While most of the players are targeting either the high-end or low-end consumers, we are aiming at the mid-market segment. Prices of our products vary between Rs 500 and Rs 20,000," Kumar told ET. Kumar, 48, who was born and brought up in Louisville, Kentucky and moved with her family to India in 2006, added, "My years at Microsoft in Redmond helped me learn the basics of product and project management as well marketing, PR and branding. And I am applying my learnings at Microsoft to grow my business."
She started Fourseven, her first business venture, in April this year with an initial investment of Rs 50 lakh. "We aim to achieve a turnover of Rs 600 crore within next five-seven years," she said.
"Our brand name is an ode to India and her strength. 1947 is the year when India as a country stood up for what she wanted and claimed her independence. Our jewellery is a way for women to express that very same ideal — to be free, to be expressive and proud of who they are, and ultimately to be confident and happy," she said.
Fourseven has entered the market at a time when gold is losing its sheen among the Indian consumers, particularly the young generation. "In the past one year the costume jewellery business has grown 25-30% as gold became costlier due to government restrictions," said Rajesh Chheda . partner of Mumbai-based Tip Top Jewellery, which has two facilities, one in south Mumbai and another in Borivali.
"We expect more new players to enter this business and this will result in expansion of the market. The young generation is more comfortable with costume jewellery as it is pocket friendly. A large section of the middle class people are now embracing fashion jewellery rather than gold," he added.
The market size for costume jewellery is currently pegged at Rs 8,000 crore, of which online contributes nearly Rs 180 crore. This market is strong and growing and is estimated to grow to Rs 4,200 crore by 2015, said Chheda, who has been in this business for the past 24 years.
"We are talking to Snapdeal.com to sell our jewellery, apart from our own e-commerce platform," he said. The spectacular growth in costume jewellery poses a possible threat to the gold trade.
"It is true that costume jewellery is a major threat to us. We are advising jewellers to come up with 14-carat gold items to ward off this threat," said Haresh Soni, chairman of All India Gem & Jewellery Trade Federation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Aditya Birla Chem buys Jayshree Chemicals  unit for $35mnSep 09, 2014, 08.30 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Aditya Birla Chem buys Jayshree Chemicals' unit for $35mn
The company expects the acquisition to increase its total caustic soda capacity to about 355,000 tonnes per annum.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Aditya Birla Chem buys Jayshree Chemicals' unit for $35mn
The company expects the acquisition to increase its total caustic soda capacity to about 355,000 tonnes per annum.
Post your opinion here
 
Aditya Birla Chemicals (India) Limited  said on Monday it has acquired  Jayshree Chemicals Ltd's caustic soda business for 2.12 billion rupees (USD 35.16 million).
Jayshree's facility, located in the eastern Indian state of Odisha, has a capacity of about 57,000 tonnes per annum, Aditya Birla Chemicals said in a statement.
The company, part of the USD 40 billion Indian conglomerate Aditya Birla Group, expects the acquisition to increase its total caustic soda capacity to about 355,000 tonnes per annum, and plans to fund the deal through internal accruals and debt.
(USD 1 = Rs 60.2900)
Aditya Birla Ch stock price
On September 10, 2014, Aditya Birla Chemicals closed at Rs 292.75, down Rs 8.6, or 2.85 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 313.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 78.05.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 18.84 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 15.54. The latest book value of the company is Rs 182.55 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.60.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex opens marginally in the redSensex sheds 55 points on profit booking
Our Bureau
Realty, IT stocks major losers
Mumbai, Sept 9:  
Sensex dipped by 55 points on profit booking.
The benchmark index opened marginally lower at 27,316 against the previous close of 27,320. It made a high of 27,328 and low of 27,177 before closing at 27,265. Turnover on BSE was down at Rs 3,427 crore against Rs 3,602 crore logged in on Monday.
On NSE, Nifty was down 21 points at 8,153.
Ashok Leyland jumped five per cent to Rs 41 after the company said it has bagged orders worth about Rs 1,500 crore to supply buses under JNNURM-II scheme.
Cipla gained two per cent to Rs 575. The company on Monday said it has entered into a commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. The collaboration will enable Cipla to focus on its core therapy areas, while S&D Pharma will be the key partner for generics, it said.
Most aviation stocks gain on consistent fall in crude oil prices. SpiceJet was up four per cent at Rs 14 while Jet Airways was up three per cent at Rs 224.
The major gainers were Ashok Leyland (5%), NHPC (5%), Idea Cellular (5%), Bhushan Steel (5%), Jain Irrigation (5%) and Wockhardt (4%).
Prominent losers were Sobha (-4%), Unitech (-3%), Torrent Power (-3%), Nalco (-3%), GSPL (-3%) and Bata India (-2%).
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)

Emma Watson moving houseThe 24-year-old actress has been pictured clearing her belongings out of her London home with help from her partner, college rugby player Matthew Janney, reported Daily Mirror. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | London | Posted: September 9, 2014 9:26 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 9:27 am
“Harry Potter” actress Emma Watson is moving house. The 24-year-old actress has been pictured clearing her belongings out of her London home with help from her partner, college rugby player Matthew Janney, reported Daily Mirror.
Watson was seen piling a car with items including rugs and board games while a team of removal experts handled heavier items.
The snaps have fuelled rumours the actress is moving in with Janney, who she has been dating since last year.

Sensex rangebound  Nifty tests 8150; ICICI Bank top loserSensex rangebound, Nifty tests 8150 levels; ICICI Bank, Infosys top losers
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 9, 2014, 09.24AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex slipped nearly 50 points in trade on Tuesday tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets, led by losses in ICICI Bank, Infosys, HDFC Bank, RIL and Sesa Sterlite.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also started on a muted note and was trading close to its crucial psychological level of 8150, weighed down by losses in banks, consumer durable, realty and metal stocks.
At 09:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,280, down 39 points or 0.14 per cent. It touched a high of 27,319.30 and a low of 27,275.92 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,159.05 down 14 points or 0.18 per cent. It touched an intraday high of 8,164.15 and a low of 8153.65.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.22 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 0.27 per cent.
Cipla (up 1.5 per cent), TCS (up 0.8 per cent), NTPC (up 0.68 per cent), Tata Power (up 0.63 per cent) and GAIL (up 0.47 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Hindalco (down 1.3 per cent), Infosys (down 0.82 per cent), Bharti Airtel (down 0.64 per cent), Sesa Sterlite (down 0.63 per cent) and ICICI Bank (down 0.54 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

‘Mary Kom’ earns close to Rs.30 crore  but earnings from Northeast minimalPriyanka Chopra hopes the movie has a "wonderful run".
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 9:30 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 9:58 am
 
Bollywood film “Mary Kom” hit 1,800 screens in the country and raked in Rs.28.32 crore in the opening weekend with maximum collections from Delhi and Mumbai. The film is going housefull in Assam and Meghalaya, but the overall contribution to the box office earnings from the region is just one per cent, said trade experts. (Read review: Mary Kom )
About Manipur’s five-time World boxing champion M.C. Mary Kom , the film hit 72 cinemas in Assam and just two in Meghalaya. The footfall is overwhelming, but the total contribution is not much.
“The subject of the film is known and Mary is from the northeast, so naturally there are sentiments attached,” a distributor from Assam told IANS.
“There were many students who watched it on the first day itself. In both Assam and Meghalaya, the shows were houseful. Many were left inspired and clapped in the end of the film too,” he added.
The northeast region, made of eight states, also including Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura and Sikkim, has a handful of operational cinema halls.
“The Assam government is trying to pull the crowds by exempting entertainment tax on ‘ Mary Kom ‘. But only one percent contribution was made to the domestic box office collection,” said the distributor.
Assam’s Ashiq Zaman, a government official, was lucky to watch it on the first day and he found it “inspiring”, but he was not too convinced with Priyanka Chopra in the title role.
“Northeast states are hardly highlighted in mainstream cinema, so I wanted to see how they would present Manipur and its people. Priyanka has done well, but it was like watching Tom Hanks (Hollywood actor) playing Muhammad Ali (former African American boxer),” said Zaman.
“There were lot of Manipuri people in the audience. About 50 percent of the audience must have been Manipuri who are staying in Assam,” he added.
Meanwhile, producers are trying to release the film in Kom’s hometown, where around 60 to 70 films in Meitei language are made in a year. But Hindi films screenings are banned since early 2000 due to an insurgent groups’ diktat.
“Manipur release was initiated earlier, but there was no positive response as Hindi films are not screened there. However, all efforts are in the direction of getting a theatrical release in Manipur,” said a source from Viacom18 Motion Pictures.
Whether it releases in Manipur or not, the people in the state are certainly not going to miss it.
“Hindi movies are banned in Manipur, but there are so many CDs available in the market. If not theatre, people here will definitely get their hands continued…

Diesel price may come down for first time in 7 yrs as brent crude slips below $100Diesel price may come down for first time in 7 years; petrol price cut on cards
Rajeev Jayaswal, ET Bureau Sep 9, 2014, 09.52AM IST
Tags:
Brent crude
(India is considering a cut…)
NEW DELHI: India is considering a cut in diesel prices for the first time in seven years amid global crude price dropping below $100 a barrel for the first time in more than a year, a move that could take some of the sting out of inflation as a patchy monsoon threatens a rise in food prices.
That in turn could allow the central bank to ease up on its interest-rate stance at the next monetary policy announcement, boosting revival prospects. This comes as the government has been considering freeing up diesel prices, since subsidy has been narrowed by incremental, monthly price increases.
"If this downward trend in international oil prices continues and the rupee appreciates even marginally, there will be over-recovery from this month," said a senior executive at an oil PSU who didn't want to be named.
"We intend to pass this to customers," said the executive. "A price review is expected on September 15. But the decision regarding diesel price cut will be taken by the government because it is a regulated fuel."
The government is still evaluating the political situation in pollbound states before deregulating the fuel, government and industry officials said. Benchmark Brent crude fell Monday to a 14-month low of $99.59 per barrel, dropping below $100 for the first time since June last year because of sluggish demand from major importers, particularly China.
Meanwhile, the rupee has appreciated marginally against the dollar, which has almost aligned pump prices of diesel with market rates. According to the oil retail industry, pump prices of diesel have not been cut in the last seven years except for a marginal reduction on July 25, 2012, because of changes in distribution costs. Oil companies review petrol and diesel prices every fortnight.
While petrol prices change on the 15th and 30th of every month, the government has been raising diesel prices by 50 paise every month since January last year. The previous UPA government had decided to raise diesel rates in small monthly doses until pump prices were aligned with market rates and it could be deregulated. According to oil companies, a petrol price cut is imminent for the fourth time in a row.
"No decision has been taken on diesel price deregulation. The oil ministry has not yet circulated the Cabinet note to this effect," a senior government official said on condition of anonymity. The oil ministry is keeping a close watch on fuel price movements and is ready to present a draft cabinet note at short notice, officials said.
The government is hesitant to free diesel prices just before assembly elections in four states - Jammu & Kashmir, Maharashtra, Bihar and Jharkhand. "International petrol and diesel rates are highly volatile. Political prospects of the ruling BJP will be hampered in case their rates jump during assembly elections," one official said.
According to officials, a final decision on deregulation will be taken after consulting the finance ministry. The diesel subsidy used to be a major drag on the exchequer, having accounted for about 45-50 per cent of total fuel subsidies until January last year.
The UPA government's move to make a monthly increase narrowed the diesel subsidy to an estimated.`19,584 crore in the current financial year from Rs 62,837 crore in 2013-14. The expected move to free diesel prices from government control will also boost private investment in the fuel retail sector that was opened up in 2002.
FEATURED ARTICLES

M&M lines up three sub four-metres compact SUVs for for launch over two yearsM&M lines up compact SUVs to take on Ford EcoSport and Renault Duster
Ketan Thakkar, ET Bureau Sep 9, 2014, 10.07AM IST
(Pawan Goenka, president…)
MUMBAI: Mahindra & Mahindra is lining up three major offerings in the compact sport-utility-vehicle segment for launch over the next 18-24 months, as it aims to reclaim space lost to the Ford EcoSport and Renault Duster over the past couple of years.
All the three vehicles will be less than four metres long, a segment that industry experts say is going to be a key driver of passenger vehicle sales and where M&M has only a limited presence. Mahindra is still the local leader in utility vehicle sales, but its market share has fallen to 42% at the end of the fiscal year through March 2014 from more than 55% two years earlier.
Renault meanwhile has grabbed about 9% of the market with the Duster, and Ford captured 8.68% with its sub-4-metre EcoSport. M&M's first compact SUV, the Quanto that failed to sustain the initial excitement, is getting ready for a major midlife facelift, said people with knowledge of the matter.
The project, codenamed U215, includes major design changes which are currently being worked on at M&M's design centre in Italy. The U215 will be positioned between the other two vehicles in the pipeline — M&M's first micro-SUV, dubbed S101, which will create a new entry point for the company and be pitted as an alternative to premium hatchbacks, and the probable Bolero replacement, codenamed U301.
The U301 may co-exist with the Bolero, a vehicle that still has acceptance in the hinterlands. M&M intends to do a Maruti in the compact SUV space, offering an alternative at every Rs 50,000-75,000 price points over the entry-level vehicle, a person close to the company told ETon condition of anonymity.
"All three sub-4 metre SUVs will have different characteristics catering to different segment of buyers. Design will be the key differentiator. The S101 compact SUV has a car-like appearance whereas the U215, the new Quanto, will assume a more rugged appearance than the boxy stance it had when launched," this person said.
According to him, the U301 will have the boldest features with a "Jeep Wrangler-like appearance". An M&M spokesman said the company cannot comment on specific product plans.
"As a general rule, we constantly work on refreshing all our products," he said. The MPV/SUV segment, which makes up for 22%-23% of the overall Indian passenger vehicle sales, is expected to grow in coming years. Industry experts say, the compact SUV market is expected to grow five times to make up almost half a million vehicle at the end of the decade and that the sub-4-meter space is expected to make up for a sizeable share of that. M&M has a strong band of loyal buyers and larger penetration in rural areas, but developing a sub-4-meter vehicle is extremely critical for it to regain its lost market share, said Gaurav Vangaal, senior analyst, forecasting, at consultancy firm IHS Automotive.
The urban sub-compact SUV segment, which did not exist a few years back, is expected to make up for a sizable 20-25% of compact UV space going ahead, he said. "M&M is there with its Quanto, but not with a proper sub-4-metre SUV, so it needs to prepare itself aggressively with more UVs in that space to protect its turf."
Pawan Goenka, president and executive director at Mahindra, has admitted in the past that the company wasn't quick enough to react to the compact SUV wave and that its answer to compact utility-vehicle space has been a year or two late. It seems the lineup of compact SUVs planned by the company is to not just take on existing rivals, but also react proactively to ensuing competition from the likes of Maruti Suzuki and the local units of Hyundai Motor and Honda Motor, who too have lined up sub-4-meter SUVs for launch in the coming two-three years.
  The person close to the company said the face-lifted Quanto will in fact be an interim model for M&M and has a potential of 24,000 units a year, before an all-new Quanto, now dubbed U321, hits the market in 2017.
The U321 is currently getting developed in the US and it will be a versatile platform that can deliver multiple products, from sub-4-metre to bigger 7-seat utility vehicles.
While M&M has seen its bread-andbutter utility vehicles Scorpio and Bolero as well as the XUV 500 selling in healthy numbers, its 'U platform' vehicles - the Quanto, Xylo and Genio - have been a major drag for it. It does not quite end there for M&M. Its R&D centres in India, the US and Italy are buzzing with projects. A face-lifted Scorpio and XUV should hit the market shortly.
It plans to revamp lifestyle offroader Thar, which now gets an underpinning of the U platform, a departure from the legendary MM540 base due to upcoming safety regulations. And, pickup truck Genio will be significantly enhanced in its upcoming facelift to take more abuses, which is very common in the Indian market.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cipla rallies over 1% on tie-up plans UK s S&D Pharma; top Sensex gainerCipla rallies over 1% on tie-up plans UK's S&D Pharma; top Sensex gainer
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 9, 2014, 10.37AM IST
(Cipla said this collaboration…)
NEW DELHI: Cipla Ltd rallied as much as 1.6 per cent in trade on Tuesday, a day after the pharmaceutical firm announced commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
At 09:30 a.m.; Cipla was trading 1.3 per cent higher at Rs 570.65. It hit a low of Rs 566 and a high of Rs 572.80 in trade today. The stock is also top Sensex gainer in terms of percentage return.
In a BSE filing, Cipla said this collaboration will enable it to focus on its core therapy areas, while S&D Pharma will be the key partner for generics.
Under the collaboration, Cipla will be drive its respiratory product portfolio in both Czech Republic and Slovakia through a Cipla owned sales force team, managed by Cipla commercial head, the company said in a statement.
S&D Pharma will physically distribute all products, including respiratory products, and this portfolio will increase over the next few years, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Supreme Court to hear AAP petition against Presidents rule in DelhiNEW DELHI, September 9, 2014
Updated: September 10, 2014 00:04 IST
Expedite Delhi govt. formation, SC tells Centre
Krishnadas Rajagopal
PTI Aam Aadmi Party leader Arvind Kejriwal addresses a press conference in New Delhi on Monday. The AAP on Monday released footage purportedly showing BJP leaders inducing its party MLA with money to support the BJP in Delhi.
TOPICS
political parties
Otherwise, horse-trading will continue: Bench
The Supreme Court on Tuesday told the Centre that horse-trading would continue if steps were not taken soon to form a government in Delhi. “Things better be done at the earliest, otherwise horse-trading will continue,” a five-judge Constitution Bench led by Justice H.L. Dattu told the Centre.
The observation was made with reference to a footage released by the Aam Aadmi Party, the petitioner in the case, purportedly showing some Bharatiya Janata Party leaders inducing its party MLA with money and perks to support the BJP.
Additional Solicitor General P.S. Narasimha read out a letter dated September 4 from Delhi Lt-Governor Najeeb Jung to President Pranab Mukherjee, seeking his advice on inviting the BJP, the single largest party, to form the government in Delhi.
Mr. Narasimha said the process of forming a government was in the legislative domain and the court could intervene only if there was a question of legality involved. To this, Justice Dattu said the intention of the court was merely to “to have a government formed.” Mr. Narasimha replied that the process had begun. “I can assure you we are serious about it, but being a legislative process, we need to be given some time,” he said.
The Centre sought time till October-end, but the court refused and fixed the next date of hearing for October 10.
The petition filed by the AAP and Saurabh Bhardwaj, Transport Minister in the Arvind Kejriwal Cabinet, on February 20 sought the immediate dissolution of the Assembly and fresh elections.

High expectations from Modi govt key risk for mkt: JPMorganLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
High expectations from Modi govt key risk for mkt: JPMorgan
Bharat Iyer, JPMorgan says elevated expectations are the main risk now as recent correction in some of the investment-linked sectors can be linked to that.
Post your opinion here
 
Bharat Iyer, JPMorgan says comfortable global liquidity, lower global commodity prices and a historic electoral verdict have all been supportive for Indian equities this year so far.
However, elevated expectations are the main risk now as recent correction in some of the investment-linked sectors can be linked to that, he adds.

Mutual Funds surge led by positive market rallySep 09, 2014, 10.07 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mutual Funds surge led by positive market rally
Equity and debt Mutual Funds closed in a positive terrain as the market ended record closing high on Monday.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mutual Funds surge led by positive market rally
Equity and debt Mutual Funds closed in a positive terrain as the market ended record closing high on Monday.
Post your opinion here
 
Equity Mutual Funds advanced as the market ended record closing high on Monday. After a short pit-stop, the bulls have resumed their record-breaking sprint on Dalal Street. Equity funds across categories including sector space excelled registering few decline.
The Nifty managed to close above 8150-level, up 87.05 points or 1.08 percent at 8173.90 while the Sensex was up 293.15 points or 1.08 percent at 27319.85.
Analysts feel the bulls are here to stay for long. Gautam Shah of JM Financials dishes out aggressive targets for the Nifty. He expects the 50-share index to hit 10700 by December 2015 while Jim Walker of Asianomics says the bull run in India will go on till 2018.
In the fixed income space, all the funds in debt space too advanced registering with no declines. Ashutosh Raina, HDFC Bank said "The expectations of increase in FII limits in Indian bonds have ensured bonds trade in a narrow range. The 10-year bond is expected to trade in 8.40-8.70 percent range," he further added.
Here is the day’s performance and the gainers and losers across categories.
Equity diversified: Top gainers
*  Reliance Small Cap Fund (G) up 2.33%
*  DSP BlackRock Micro Cap Fund - Regular Plan (G) up 2.25%
*  ICICI Prudential Value Fund - Series 4 - Regular Plan (G) up 2.10%
Equity diversified: Top losers
*  Birla Sun Life Commodity Equities - Global Agri Plan - Retail Plan (G) down 0.31%
*  Birla Sun Life International Equity Fund - Plan A (G) down 0.12%
*  Tata Growing Economies Infrastructure Fund - Plan A (G) down 0.02%
Tax saving funds: Top gainers
*  SBI TAX Advantage Fund - Series I (G) up 1.64%
*  L&T Tax Advantage Fund (G) up 1.55%
*  Reliance Tax Saver (ELSS) Fund (G) up 1.46%
Tax saving funds: Top losers
*  No Losers
*  UTI Transportation and Logistics Fund (G) up 2.26%
*  Reliance Pharma Fund (G) up 1.63%
*  Sundaram Financial Services Opportunities - Retail Plan (G) up 1.50%
Sector funds: Top losers

China s President Xi Jinping to make first visit to IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian rupee down 17 paise to 60.46 against US dollarThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Amid high expectations  Apple to unveil new devices tonightThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cong to resurrect Nehruvian ideas to counter ModiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sensex down 45 pts in early trade; metal stocks bleed as coal hearing awaitedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Largest Super TankerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sensex down 36 points after weak start; Tyre stocks rally againThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Airtel to sell over 3 500 African telecom towers to EatonThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Retailers nifty ko dono taraf se thoko niche jaye ya upar reverse hota...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Will close at high. ur sell stoploss will trigger any time during the ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Stochastic show upmove  trend reversal is hapening as per todays low p...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

If it is long term plan or short term stay invested.... this is a temp...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Changing Kaya s positioning was a mistake  says Marico chairmanAjita Shashidhar      Follow @AjitaShashidhar    Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 11:54 IST
Marico Chairman Harsh Mariwala. (Photo: Nishikant Gamre)
Marico chairman Harsh Mariwala decided to de-merge his Rs 366.8 crore retail wellness brand, Kaya, from the flagship company last year. The decision, he says, has paid off. Marico Kaya Enterprises has finally made profits since its launch in 2002. In a conversation with Ajita Shashidhar, Mariwala talks about the Kaya strategy and the lessons learnt from the mistakes the company made in the past. Excerpts:
Q-What was the idea behind de-merging Kaya and listing it as a standalone entity?
A- You have to see holistically both from a Marico as well as Kaya point of view. In the initial phases Kaya was part of Marico and as Marico grew, Kaya also grew. We realised that the skills needed to manage a services business are different from the skills needed to manage an FMCG brand . The mindset in selling consumer goods with huge advertising budgets is very different from managing Kaya. At Kaya, we interact directly with customers, versus Marico where we don't meet the customers. We meet the trade and the supply chain is through the trade. Customer experience was very important for Kaya, it wasn't important for Marico. Cost consciousness, having an entrepreneurial kind of a drive because of the small business, is very important to Kaya. So, we realised that. At the same time, Marico had three different businesses -- the international business, domestic business and Kaya. So, we started seeing synergies between international and domestic businesses in terms of supply chain synergy, marketing synergy. At one level we said that we will blend, then Kaya was standing alone, not really fitting into Marico's structure. So, we decided to spin off Kaya into a separate subsidiary.
Also, since there was big brother Marico taking care of the financials, that much pressure wasn't there on Kaya in terms of taking care of financial performance. If we made them stand alone then there is nobody to support them. We felt that would energise the company from an employees' point of view. We also felt that if Kaya gets listed it will be an opportunity for Kaya employees to belong to a company which has a separate identity and image than Marico. All this has materialised over the last one year. We have been able to turnaround the business. We are getting extra visibility, at least in the capital markets. I think it has been a good decision. Separately, combining Marico's international and domestic business has paid off good dividends.
Q- Kaya, at the time of launch, was positioned as a dermatological-led skin 'cure' services brand. You then went on to reposition it as a skin care service brand wherein you offered regular skin management services such as facials and so on. Today, you have once again gone back to your original positioning of 'cure'. What has been the learning?
A- Looking back, the change in positioning was a mistake. We should have stuck to the positioning. If you look at my own history, I haven't changed positioning of anything. Parachute stands for nourishment, Saffola stands for heart care. Kaya wasn't doing well and in frustration I decided to change the positioning. When the business is not doing well, you tend to get certain ideas which you think will lead you to profitability, but you tend to overlook the fundamentals. We thought that by going to the care mode, we will get a lot more customers and they in turn will go into the cure mode. A lot of our advertising went towards pushing our skin care positioning and  'cure' suffered. Even the doctors in the clinic were not feeling belonged.
Changing the positioning was a wrong decision, but luckily it didn't happen for a very long time, so we could easily shift back to cure, which was our original DNA.
Q- Did the change in strategy lead to closing down of stores?
A- No, it didn't. The focus went back to investing in technology for 'cure' and marketing those newer initiatives. Now the 'care ' services continue but what gets promoted and invested is in the 'cure' part. So, the doctors are feeling far more energised, the business has become much stronger.
Q- What percentage of revenue comes from 'cure'?
A- Two years back the 'care' services contributed more than 60 per cent of the revenue, now it's the other way round. What happens in care is that you think you are offering better facials but the customer experience here is quite different from what you get in a conventional salon or spa. We don't really pamper them with a massage. Our services are more about safety and efficacy than pampering.
Q- What kind of investment have you made in technology after your shift back to the 'cure' positioning?
A- We have invested in laser hair removal, pigmentation through Q Switched machines, in skin-tightening and anti-ageing solutions, in platelet reducing plasma and so on.
Q-What's the way forward for Kaya?
A- We have 87 clinics in India and 26 outside, and the plan is to add another 10-15 clinics in India a year and two-three clinics a year overseas. We have prototyped what we call Kaya Skin Bar last year, we will scale that up too. Kaya Skin Bar is a product-only format. We have three stores in Bangalore. It is a smaller footprint than Kaya (150 sq.ft. to 300 sq.ft. of retail space. This will enable us to engage with our customers at multiple touch points. We also hope to scale up this model much faster as being a product-only model it provides you opportunity to look at franchisee as an option to scale. By the end of the year we are planning at least 10 Kaya Skin Bars.
Q- Are you looking to enter newer verticals under Kaya? You launched the fitness brand Kaya Life which you withdrew. What went wrong there?
A- There is lot of scale up to be done in Kaya itself. Kaya Life was more to do with lifestyle change, one needs to diet, exercise, unlike competition which had a more passive weight loss reduction model through machines. That actually gives short-term benefits and the consumer is also looking for quick solutions. For those who were willing to regulate their diet and exercise, it had good traction, but that was not critical mass. I had personally spent lot of energy in developing Kaya Life, but unfortunately it didn't work.
Q- What are your revenue goals?
A- We hope to grow by at least 20 per cent year on year.

6 reasons why Samsung should fear the Apple iPhone 66 reasons why Samsung should fear the Apple iPhone 6
By Bloomberg | 6 Sep, 2014, 09.29AM IST
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
The last few years will likely go down as a golden age for Samsung Electronics. While Apple defined the modern smart phone with its iPhone in 2007, Samsung has been growing far more rapidly.
Since 2010, Samsung's share of the smartphone market has quadrupled to 31 per cent, according to research firm IDC. Apple's share has barely budged in that same period, ending 2013 at about 15 per cent.
But Apple may finally have the right ingredients to reverse Samsung's fortunes. On Sept. 9, Apple is set to unveil not only a new phone, which some pundits are calling the iPhone 6, but also details of a long-awaited smartwatch that will work in concert with the new phone. Bloomberg News has reported several of the features expected to be packed into the next iPhone, including larger screen sizes and a payments system allowing customers to use the device to make purchases in stores. Put all of these pieces together, and you get some potentially profound changes that could sap the advantages of Samsung's hot-selling Galaxy line of products.
We don't know everything about the new iPhone, but we know this: It won't be a good day for Samsung. Here's why:
More Competition in Large Phones
Since the launch of the iPhone seven years ago, the device's screen size has only increased by half an inch. Meanwhile, the global appetite for large phones has been insatiable, and Samsung has been the main beneficiary . Devices with screens larger than 4.5 inches made up a third of the worldwide market last year, and IDC expects them to grow to 44 per cent this year.
Now, Apple is finally getting in on the action. The company plans to unveil models with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens, according to people familiar with Apple's plans.
"Samsung has had a few years with no real competition on larger form-factor phones, and that's where they've been able to run the table on Apple," says Gene Munster, an analyst at Piper Jaffray. "Now that competitive advantage is going to simply disappear."
Teresa Brewer , an Apple spokeswoman, declined to comment on possible new products.
Mobile Payment Lock-In
After years of experiments, Apple will announce a payments platform so that iPhone owners will be able to buy goods at brick-and-mortar stores with a quick flick of their iPhones. The company has inked deals with Visa, MasterCard and American Express for the iPhone 6, which contains a wireless chip that transmits data securely to an in-store reader.
Even in the rosiest scenario, you'll still want to keep your wallet with you. It will take many years for the majority of retailers to make the investments necessary to support digital payments, says Richard Crone, a payments-industry consultant.
Still, Apple has a better chance to change consumers' behavior than Google, which has struggled to convince hardware makers, mobile carriers and stores of Google Wallet's worthiness. Apple has 800 million credit and debit cards on file with customers who have purchased items through iTunes. Apple may have to do some convincing after security concerns over hacked celebrity accounts. If Apple executes well, it will be far more difficult for Samsung to wrest iPhone customers away.
An iWallet "would be the ultimate in stickiness," says Crone. "It would create a tremendous barrier to exit for Apple customers and more importantly, a tremendous barrier to entry for competitors."
Page 1 of 2

Apple fans queue up weeks before next iPhone launchApple fans queue up weeks before next iPhone launch
By Chidanand Rajghatta, TNN | 7 Sep, 2014, 06.02AM IST
It is the Apple of many a gearhead's eye, but people are going to extraordinary lengths to snag the latest iPhone in ... where else? the Big Apple. 
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
WASHINGTON: It is the Apple of many a gearhead's eye, but people are going to extraordinary lengths to snag the latest iPhone in ... where else? the Big Apple.
Some 10 days before its purported release, a queue began to be formed in the city that never sleeps to grab the first retail sale of iPhone 6. Half dozen loyalists, publicists, rent-a-place professional que-bodies have already lined up in front of the Apple store , attracting the attention of TV crews, tourists, and tech-troopers too busy to line up but awaiting first look at the gizmo.
Apple has only announced it will be hosting a "special event" on September 9 without specifying details, but the general assumption is it will be releasing the next-generation iPhone 6, and possibly one or two other gadgets and apps, including iWatch and iWallet. The Apple website features a countdown to the date with a teaser that reads, "Wish We Could Say More."
Even if Apple were to release iPhone 6 on Tuesday, it will be at least a week more before the gadget becomes available in retail stores.
Not that it fazes cousins Joseph Cruz and Brian Ceballo, who are professional iPhone que-ists. They have waited in line for the new version of iPhone for the last five years; this time they turned up last Sunday, ten days before the Apple event, and at least two, possibly three weeks before a retail release.
It's become a regular line of work after they discovered companies that were willing to sponsor them and pay them to advertise their product. This time their sponsors are BuyBackWorld, a NYC store that specializes in trade-ins of Apple products.
Things got even better for the cousins during the week when their first and second place in the queue was "bought" by the husband and wife team of Jason and Moon Ray, who arrived from Jackson, Mississippi on Monday, a day after the cousins beat them to the top of the queue.
Sponsored by a new telemedicine mobile app, Video Medicine, their goal is to "raise awareness about America's lacking access to affordable health care," Moon Ray, a model, told the local media.
But unhappy at losing out the first place to NYC locals, the Rays and their sponsors offered to buy the first two spots from the cousins, figuring that the first place position is key to PR. "I thought they were kidding around, so I just said $2,000," said Cruz, who is a music producer in his spare time.
Video Medicine wrote the cousins two checks for $1250 each and the duo switched places with the couple.
Which left Johan Wong, a genuine Apple head who flew in from Hong Kong later in the week, in fifth place. "It's not something normal people will do," he admitted to ABC News. "It's something we can check off our bucket list."
The early birders are a happy family for now, watching each others' back. They use the bathrooms at the 24-hour Apple store, shower at a nearby gym, and keep busy listening to music and watch life go by.
All for a piece of hysteria.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on Twitter Follow

Favouritism in govt decisions down; India improves global rankFavouritism in govt decisions down; India improves global rank
PTI  New Delhi, September 07, 2014
First Published: 22:34 IST(7/9/2014) | Last Updated: 22:57 IST(7/9/2014)
Comments
When it comes to favouritism shownby government officials to influential corporates, India's ranking has improved sharply to 49th place on a global list, but remains below that of China and many major economies. India's ranking has also improved significantly in terms of public trust in politicians, as also with regard to diversion of public funds and for the 'irregular payments and bribery' at government institutions, as per an annual study by the World Economic Forum (WEF).
India was ranked 94th last year, while China's position has improved by seven places to 22nd in the latest ranking of countries for 'favouritism shown by government officials'. Qatar has replaced Singapore as the top ranked country with least probability of such favouritism while Venezuela continues to remain the worst place on this front. The countries have been ranked on the basis of a survey of the extent to which "government officials show favouritism to well-connected firms and individuals when deciding upon policies and contracts". In the BRICS block of five major emerging economies, India's ranking is better than that of Russia (87th), South Africa (104th) and Brazil (108th) on this list.
India is also ranked better than countries like Mauritius, Spain, Israel, Thailand, Sri Lanka, Pakistan, Myanmar and Bangladesh, among others, on this list which forms part of the WEF's annual Global Competitiveness Report. Qatar is followed by New Zealand, Singapore, Finland, UAE, the Netherlands, Japan, Norway, Sweden and Switzerland in top 10. Among other major economies, the UK is ranked 17th and the US is at 47th place -- only two positions higher than India.
Those ranked better than India also include Luxembourg, Germany, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Australia, France, Indonesia, Bhutan, Macedonia and Morocco. According to the WEF methodology, the countries have been ranked on a scale of 1-7, where one means 'always show favouritism' and a score of 7 means 'never show favouritism'. India's score stands at 3.4, while top ranked Qatar has scored 5.6 points.
India had scored 2.79 last year. The report further shows that India is now ranked 50th in terms of public trust in politicians, up from 115th last year. Singapore is ranked the best on this front, followed by Qatar, UAE, Norway and Finland in the top-five. In terms of instances of 'diversion of public funds' also, India's ranking has moved up to 60th place, from 98th last year. This sub-ranking measures a country's score on how common is diversion of public funds to companies, individuals, or groups due to corruption.
In terms of overall 'undue influence', India is ranked 50th in the latest list, while in terms of 'irregular payments and bribes', India continues to rank low at 93rd place (up from 110th last year). For ethical behaviour of private institutions, India is ranked 88th (down from 86th a year ago), while its ranking is relatively better at 65th place in terms of ethics and corruption at public institutions. On overall global competitiveness front, India's rank has slipped 11 place to 71st position amid challenging economic conditions during most part of the last year, while Switzerland has retained its top spot. As per the report, the most problematic factors for doing business in India include access to financing, high tax rates, tough foreign currency regulations, inadequate supply of infrastructure and corruption.

Respite in northwest as fresh rain wave hammers central India Respite in northwest as fresh rain wave hammers central India   
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept. 7:  
The low-pressure area over northwest India has weakened this morning after its heavy torrents claimed more than a hundred lives in hilly Jammu and Kashmir.
The ‘low’ is currently positioned over Punjab, Rajasthan and Haryana, and is expected to further weaken.
SUCCESSOR LANDS
But a successor from the Bay of Bengal has checked into land over Odisha and Chhattisgarh and intensified a round into a well-marked low-pressure area.
India Met Department has forecast heavy to very heavy rain over Vidarbha; Marathawada; east Madhya Pradesh; Chhattisgarh; Odisha; and Telangana for the rest of today.
Heavy rain will lash Jammu and Kashmir; west Madhya Pradesh; Madhya Maharasthra; Konan-Goa; coastal Andhra Pradesh; coastal Karnataka; and Kerala.
As for tomorrow, heavy to very heavy rainfall is indicated over Marathawada; Maharashtra; Konkan-Goa; Chhattisgarh; west Madhya Pradesh; and Vidarbha.
It will be heavy over east Gujarat; Telangana; coastal Karnataka; and Kerala.
TARGET WEST M.P.
On Tuesday, the heavy to very heavy rainfall regime will be move into Konkan-Goa; Madhya Maharashtra; and east Gujarat.
Heavy rain will lash coastal Karnataka; Kerala; west Madhya Pradesh; and Marathawada.
Meanwhile, the US Climate Prediction Centre sees this ‘low’ turning aggressive mostly over west Madhya Pradesh, east Rajasthan and south Gujarat.
The west coast also would be in the reckoning here with Mumbai, Konkan-Goa and coastal Karnataka expected to witness another round of heavy rainfall.
Vidarbha, Chhattisgarh, Marathawada and Madhya Maharashtra may also receive varying amounts of moderate to heavy rainfall during the rest of the week.
STEERING NORTH
An extended forecast by both India Met Department and the US Centre indicates that the ‘low’ may get steered to the north from west Madhya Pradesh towards the Himalayan foothills.
This would cause it to traverse southwest Uttar Pradesh and Delhi and possibly interact with passing western disturbances to trigger showers over Punjab, north Rajasthan and western parts of Jammu and Kashmir during this week as well.
On their part, the east-moving western disturbances would roll down a wet cover over eastern Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Jharkhand and the hills of West Bengal.
India Met Department does not indicate formation of another rain-bearing ‘low’ in the Bay of Bengal for another week.
ANOTHER ‘LOW’?
But the US Climate Prediction Centre suspects that a system could still form in the Bay and bring showers to east and east-central India right until the 19{+t}{+h} of this month.
What lends credence to this view is that a low-pressure wave is being triggered in the South China Sea with a track to the west into Indo-china and possibly into the Bay.
The front-end of an upper level wave that support cloud formation over the seas has now exited the Bay and entered the South China Sea but with a tail wagging in the east of the Bay, as per the US Centre’s analysis.
The tail will keep this part of the Bay in suspended animation with respect to the formation of the next ‘low’ right until Tuesday next.
If the low-pressure wave from South China Sea were to enter this steaming cauldron, it could possibly cook up the next rain-bearing system here.
(This article was published on September 7, 2014)

Govt to double coal output to 1 bn tonnes in 4 years: GoyalComments
Unveiling a grand plan to ease the ongoing power shortages resulting from inadequate coal stocks, the government on Sunday announced that it would double India’s coal production on a war footing to one billion tonnes over the next four years.
“The government endeavours to ensure adequate coal for power plants... Coal India Ltd (CIL) has committed to an ambitious target of one billion tonnes of coal production by 2019 from the current levels of 500 million tonnes,” minister for power, coal and renewable energy Piyush Goyal said here.
Large parts of India are in the grips of long power outages, especially in the north and west, as several power plants have little coal left. In addition, a deficient monsoon has drastically reduced hydro power generation, increasing the burden on thermal power plants.
“There is a power crisis due to limited increase in coal production,” Goyal said, attributing the crisis to improper planning by the previous Congress-led UPA government.
In the four years from 2010, the previous government had expanded coal-based power generation capacity by 73% (from 84,198 mw to 1.45 lakh mw), Goyal said. However,  coal production had been augmented by only 6.1% (from 532 million tonnes a year to 565 million tonnes).
Out of the total domestic coal production of 565 million tonnes, CIL produces around 500 million tonnes. This will be doubled to one billion tonnes a year by 2019. CIL will invest Rs. 5,000 crore to buy 250 rakes for transporting coal.
The minister claimed his government has “averted a potential catastrophe” and saved the entire nation from a far bigger power crisis with a 21% increase in coal-based power generation during June to August 2014.
“If coal based electricity was at routine levels, especially given under-performance of hydro due to deficient monsoons this season, the entire nation would have been reeling under a power crisis... such a situation would have been disastrous,” Goyal said. He said this additional power output had brought coal stocks further
down at thermal plants that produced more.
He said once the Supreme Court’s decision on illegal coal mine allocation comes, the government will ensure quick action to get the process rolling.
The Supreme Court had recently ruled that all coal blocks allotted since 1993 by various regimes at the Centre have been illegal and arbitrary, bringing uncertainty to the fate of 218 block allocations and consequent investments to the tune of around Rs. 2 lakh crore.
Presently, 28 thermal power plants in the country have coal stocks for less than four days. Around 56 plants have stocks for  less than seven days.

Satyams Raju contests 1 849-cr fineComments
B Ramalinga Raju, founder and chairman of the erstwhile Satyam Computer Services, and four others have moved the Securities Appellate Tribunal against market regulator Secu­rities and Exchange Board of India’s order to pay in excess of Rs. 3,000 crore (Rs 1,849 cr fine and interest thereon), for making unlawful gains in one of India’s biggest corporate frauds.
The tribunal has listed all the five pleas for hearing on Monday.
A Sebi order can be challenged before the SAT within 45 days of it being passed. While Ramalinga Raju and Rama Raju filed their pleas on Friday, the others had filed their appeals a few days earlier.  
Sebi had, after a five-and-a-half year probe, in July barred Raju, his brother Rama Raju (then managing director of Satyam), Srinivas Vadlamani (then chief financial officer), G Ramakrishna (then vice-president) and VS Prabhakara Gupta (then head of internal audit), from the markets for 14 years, and imposed a joint fine of Rs. 1,849 crore plus 12% simple interest per year from January 7, 2009 —  the day the scam broke — totalling over Rs. 3,000 crore.

Cars that can talk to each other 2 years away from showroomUpdated: September 8, 2014 08:01 IST
‘Cars that can talk to each other 2 years away from showroom’
AP
Reuters Mary Barra, CEO, General Motors
TOPICS
new product
Cars that can talk to each other and almost drive themselves at freeway speeds are just two years away from the showroom, according to General Motors executives.
The company announced that the semi-autonomous system for freeways will be an option on an unidentified new 2017 Cadillac that goes on sale in the summer of 2016. In addition, another 2017 Cadillac, the CTS, will be equipped with radio transmitters and receivers that will let it communicate with other cars, sharing data such as location, speed and whether the driver is applying the brakes.
The announcements were made on Sunday at the opening of the Intelligent Transportation Society World Congress being held in Detroit this week.
The freeway system, dubbed “Super Cruise,” uses cameras and radar to keep the car in the centre of a lane and also stay a safe distance behind cars in front of it. The system will bring the car to a complete stop if traffic halts without driver action, and it can keep the car going in stop-and-go traffic.
Other automakers, such as Mercedes-Benz, now offer similar systems that work at low speeds, but GM says it’s the first to announce a system that operates at highway speeds. Others could have freeway systems in two years, though.
“If the mood strikes you on the high-speed road from Barstow, California, to Las Vegas, you can take a break from the wheel and pedals and let the car do the work,” CEO Mary Barra said.
But GM said the car still won’t drive itself, and the company is working on a system to monitor drivers to make sure they’re still paying attention. Details of that system weren’t released.
Although GM and others are taking steps toward self-driving cars, Jon Lauckner, the company’s chief technology officer, said such cars are years away because technology, legal and regulatory hurdles remain.
“At some point in time maybe there’s a driverless car,” he said. “But that point in time is into the future a good distance.”

Six new features expected in Apple iPhone 6You are here: Home  » Apple iPhone 6
Apple iPhone 6
Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are here! The latest iterations of Apple's flagship smartphone come with the iOS 8, bigger displays, faster processors and a whole host of new features. Apple has taken the wraps off its first wearable device, the Apple Watch. Track ET for a round-up on the latest on Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus...

Haryana govt halts Maruti s Rs 3 500 crore R&D hubHaryana government asks Maruti to stall construction of an upcoming R&D facility in Rohtak
Chanchal Pal Chauhan & Vikas Dhoot, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 08.58AM IST
Tags:
Haryana govt
(Maruti Suzuki has been compelled…)
NEW DELHI: In a setback to the government's "Make In India" drive, Maruti Suzuki has been compelled by the Haryana government to stop all construction work on a facility at Rohtak that was to develop and test cars for India and the world, the first such unit being set up outside Japan by the local auto maker's parent, Suzuki Motor.
The Rs 3,500-crore-plus R&D project was expected to be operational by next year, but is now on hold as the state government has initiated prosecution against the company for beginning construction without obtaining an environmental clearance and has appealed a Delhi High Court verdict asking it to refrain from taking action against Maruti.
When contacted, a Maruti spokesperson told ET: "As the matter is pending with the court, it will be inappropriate for us to comment in the matter." People with knowledge of the matter said the country's largest carmaker has suspended construction of the facility.
Maruti, which has decided to set up its next production hub in Gujarat instead of Haryana, is the latest victim of a policy conundrum introduced by Jayanthi Natarajan, the environment and forest minister in the previous Congress-led government, that forces industries to seek an environmental clearance for building any structure of over 20,000 square metres.
Industry has red-flagged the issue with the Prime Minister's Office as one of the biggest policy stumbling blocks for manufacturing investments of any reasonable scale, as it has forced thousands of firms across the country to put greenfield and brownfield investments on hold.
The policy muddle, without any reference to Maruti's problem, was highlighted at an August 9 meeting held by the PMO on making it easier to do business in India. Industry leaders present at the meeting had stressed that the requirement constitutes a misinterpretation of a clause from the environmental impact assessment (EIA) rules of 2006 which were aimed at keeping a check on building and township projects in the real-estate sector. Top government law officers have earlier opined that industrial projects don't require such a nod, and the current attorney general had argued the same in defence of Maruti in the Delhi High Court, days before he took on his government role.
"This essentially means that even a medium-size unit being built over six acres of land needs a prior environmental clearance before commencing construction. This introduces an additional delay of at least 18 months for investments to fructify into production and has turned into a big deterrent for investors already saddled by tardy land acquisition processes and the range of other local and environmental clearances needed to start business," said an official at a top auto firm, requesting anonymity.
Maruti, which has very large plants at Gurgaon and Manesar, is building a vehicle testing facility at its 600-acre Rohtak campus that is the largest of its kind in India and is even larger than its parent firm Suzuki's testing track in Japan. The campus also envisages technology development centres and fuel and emission laboratories, with an integrated two-wheeler plant planned by Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Ltd.
  Though Maruti has been obtaining all the required green clearances for air and water pollution and hazardous waste, it had moved an application for environmental clearance for the construction in February 2013 after the state insisted on this requirement. This was a 'without prejudice' application, meaning that the company was seeking a nod that it wasn't convinced was required.
In March 2014, the state government decided to initiate action against Maruti under the Environment Protection Act of 1986 for commencing construction without obtaining clearance.
The state also sought a commitment from Maruti in the form of a resolution from its board that such "violations will not be repeated", grimly warning the firm that the project "file will be closed" in the absence of such an undertaking.
On May 26, incidentally on the day the Narendra Modi government was sworn in, the Delhi High Court directed the Haryana "not to initiate any criminal action" against Maruti or its board members and officials, after submissions made by Mukul Rohatgi appearing on behalf of the company.
The court had also said that Maruti should obtain a post-facto environmental clearance for the construction of the project, though it said the firm couldn't have acted with malafide intent in not applying for the clearance as there was no "authoritative judgement on the issue".
The Haryana State Environmental Impact Assessment Authority has filed an appeal against this verdict. With a decision on the appeal awaited, Maruti still doesn't have the environmental clearance and is therefore, unable to carry out any further construction or operational activity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mahindra and Mahindra plans alliance with SsangyongMahindra and Mahindra planning alliances with global players like Ssangyong, Saab and Peugeot Citroen
Lijee Philip, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
europe
(M&M is working out a joint…)
MUMBAI: Mahindra & Mahindra is looking to strengthen its global presence even as its sales have been shrinking in the local market, and industry experts say alliances with global auto majors could play a key role.
The Mumbai-based company is working out a joint entry strategy in key markets with Korean unit Ssangyong Motor and exploring alliance opportunities with Swedish carmaker Saab and Peugeot Citroen of France, people in the know said.
M&M is considering riding piggyback on Ssangyong in Russia, which is the Korean unit's largest export market. In China, where Ssangyong just made its entry, M&M will make its presence felt after Ssangyong has settled in completely. In Chile, M&M and Ssangyong have independent strategies and don't intend to disturb that, said Executive Director Pawan Goenka.
While both brands have been successful in Africa, M&M is on a watch mode for the European markets. "Several years back, before we took over Ssangyong, the brand (Ssangyong) was strong in Europe. Then it lost some of its strength during the financial difficulties of the company. Now it is on a recovery path," said Goenka. And in another tough market, the US, Ssangyong has evinced interest and M&M still needs to firm up its plans.
M&M and Ssangyong are two independent brands and "we will cautiously address" both of them independently while taking advantage of possible synergies, said Goenka. The two companies are working on a coordinated global branding strategy, which will be put into action in four-six months.
An all-new product from Ssangyong, the X100 the compact SUV, will hit the market in January 2015. This will be the first platform to be launched by Ssangyong after it was acquired by M&M three years ago.
"There is an element of fatigue in the development work, however it could be a temporary blip," said Mahantesh Sabarad, deputy head research of SBICap Securities.
The company is trying to address that and the fill a gap in its product portfolio that is affecting sales. "There is a shift in consumer demand to compact SUVs, so our volumes are suffering a bit right now," said Goenka. It will launch three new platforms (two in the passenger segment and one in the commercial segment) in 2015. One of the engines will be a part of the family of engines jointly developed with Ssangyong.
While the two companies have yet to make any joint launch, for Goenka three years "is too short a time to jointly develop any product." Ssangyong was a small acquisition, according to Sabarad of SBICap Securities.
 
"With smaller risk, come smaller rewards. Now, M&M needs to go for a bigger risk and bigger reward." The market is abuzz with rumours of Mahindra looking at workable synergies with Saab and PSA Peugeot in brand and technology space.
"PSA are undoubtable technology leaders when it comes to diesel hybrids and are the inventors of the very promising hybrid air compressed technology. They have also developed two brilliant platforms for their future range of cars. So if Mahindra is able to acquire or participate in any of these powertrain technologies or platforms, they will be able to leapfrog into the future generation," said Gautam Sen, an automobile analyst based out of France.
M&M is always interested and looking at M&A opportunities in the automotive space, said Goenka. "While we meet CEOs of international auto companies, it does not mean that it is always to discuss a deal or will lead to an alliance or acquisition. Sometime it is just to discuss the state of the industry and to compare notes."
Responding to an email seeking comment, Jonathan Goodman, executive vice present of corporate communications at PSA Peugeot, said the company is "entirely focused" on its turnaround and "we have no comment to make on any rumours".
Incidentally, a diesel engine made under licence from Peugeot, called XDP4.90, was the mainstay of Mahindra for a long while during the 1980s and 1990s. So it wouldn't be the first time that Mahindra has turned to the French carmaker for technology. That technology agreement expired a long back and "we have moved on with our own engines and transmissions", said Goenka.
Recent international reports indicate that one of Saab's potential saviours could be Mahindra.
National Electric Vehicle Sweden, a Chinese-run company seeking to revive Saab, recently lost the right to use the brand's name as it negotiates with potential investors on a revival plan.
The Indian company was keen on acquiring Saab in 2012, only to be beaten by the current owner. Saab didn't respond to an email seeking comment.
"Saab was a highly respected brand in both Europe and the US, and had a small, but strong following," said Sen. "So, picking up Saab and using the brand could be a good way for Mahindra to make some headway into these markets. Even Ssangyong has had problems getting anywhere in Europe as many consumers believe that it is a Chinese brand. So re-branding (and redesigning) Ssangyong and Mahindra products into Saabs may work, if quality and design can come up to the expectations of the typically discerning Saab enthusiast," he said. "Having said that, relaunching a brand as specific as Saab would not be that easy either."
Goenka said despite the fall in sales for the past eight-nine months, M&M will continue to stay the course on product development and other investments.
"While there are many speculations that come about on Mahindra's acquisition interests, we are careful in finding the right opportunities. We take our time so as it brings value in the long run."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Volkswagen  Skoda set to rework strategy: Mahesh KodumudiMahesh Kodumudi
("We are rationalising our…)
MUMBAI: Sharing of car platforms and technology is common, especially among alliance partners like Volkswagen-Skoda and Renault-Nissan. But the concept hasn't delivered the desired result in India so far, because of a very thin line of differentiation between models, and the auto makers are correcting their strategies.
Renault and Nissan have already decided that they won't do any more cross badging from the Franco-Japanese alliance in India. The Volkswagen Group is following suit. VW is reworking on a product portfolio strategy, which clearly looks into deeper differentiation of products sold by Volkswagen and its Czech unit Skoda in India, along with entry-level cars from Audi, said Mahesh Kodumudi, managing director of Volkswagen India and the German group's chief representative in the country.
The aim is to avoid the brands of Skoda Volkswagen eating into each other's sales. The upcoming face-lifted versions of the Volkswagen Vento and Skoda Rapid, two models which look very similar at present, are expected to look significant different. The new Rapid is likely to take cues from Skoda's successful Octavia model and Volkswagen will add its own element of differentiation to the Vento.
Interestingly, Skoda has outsourced technical development responsibility to Mahindra Engineering Services and Volkswagen was in talks with Chennai-based Hinduja Tech, formerly Defiance Technologies, for the Vento facelift.
Apart from differentiating the product on appearance, price and brand pitch, the group that also comprises luxury brands such as Audi, Lamborghini and Porsche is carefully looking at timing of launches from associated companies to avoid cannibalisation.
According to Pradeep Saxena, executive director at marketing research firm TNS Automotive, having differentiated products is important but the difference has to be substantive enough for prospective customer to identify.
"More importantly, I feel the brands within the VW Group need to define the independent brand tenets clearly and effectively communicate it in the market. And the differentiated proposition is something that the customers should be looking for, whether it is fuel efficiency, style, durability or something else. Otherwise the strategy may not be effective."
Kodumudi does admit that the Rapid and Vento weren't articulated that well at the development stage. Differentiations between Skoda and VW products were discussed, but the group didn't analyse the differentiation that carefully, he said. "Going back in 2011, it was a growing market, people thought there was space for everybody to grow. But then we realised in the last two years that it was not the case. Going forward, that is the lesson learnt," he said.
"We are rationalising our brands much better now. We are doing much more homework and due diligence in the last one to one-andhalf year." Before the launch of the Rapid, Volkswagen Vento's sales were 2,800-3,000 units a month.
Post the Rapid's entry, the volume has come down to 2,000 units in fiscal 2013 and 1,600 in the following year ended in March 2014. Skoda Rapid sold around 1,600-1,700 units per month. Between April and July this year, the Vento posted just 800-900 units a month, whereas the Rapid averaged about 750, which is just 10-12% of the average sales by the mid-size segment leader, the Honda City.
In fiscal 2014, the combined sales of Vento (19,131) and Rapid (13,256) were 32,387 units, which was lower than the peak sales of Vento alone in fiscal 2012, when VW sold 34,067 units of the sedan. That means, even with combined volumes, VW as a group has lost out within a couple of years. But it's not the company's strategy alone to be blamed. The mid-size segment's size declined to 1,55,089 units in fiscal 2014 from 2,04,000 the previous year. Also, both models didn't have any major face-lifts. Honda has recently launched an all-new City.
  Kodumudi said pricing and brand positioning are two aspects of differentiation. "For future products, we are making sure we don't rebadge with some minor cosmetic changes. Badging of one as another and with prices overlapping each other is a sure recipe for cannibalisation," he said. "We will stop doing that."
They are exploring other options as well. For instance, if Skoda enters the entry-level small car market, then VW may not. That means, one may introduce a hatchback and the other use the same platform to bring a sedan. Because of Skoda's early entry, the Czech brand has managed to establish a premium positioning for itself. Globally Volkswagen is seen as a more premium brand than Skoda.
India probably is the only market, where VW and Skoda brand occupy the same position of premiumness. Saxena feels clearing the confusion between the brands is a minor hurdle, but clearly defining which competitive brands do they intend to take on and how will be more critical.
"It is not that Skoda has filled the premium position and there is no room for VW. Both can co-exist with differentiation," Kodumudi said. "The DNA of Skoda will be simply clever ideas with cues towards good design. VW is more about the innovation, built quality and durability."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alibaba s Jack Ma: The man behind the biggest IPO ever(Alibaba, a company started…)
By David Barboza
SHANGHAI: At the resplendent China World Hotel in Beijing, scores of cameras snapped as colorful confetti floated down from the ceiling. It was August 11, 2005, and this was the global coming-out party for Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce upstart.
After months of frantic negotiations, US Internet giant Yahoo had agreed to invest $1 billion in cash and create deeper business ties, in exchange for a 40 per cent stake in Alibaba. Alibaba's founder, Jack Ma, thin, energetic and standing just over 5 feet tall, was beaming.
He gushed that it was China's Valentine's Day and this was a beautiful match: "You'd be foolish if you said no." It was his coming-out party too; the partnership would pave the way for Alibaba to become an international juggernaut.
For days, Ma was almost giddy about a deal that provided his company with a huge infusion of money and unfettered access to Yahoo's search technology. He was particularly effusive that eBay and Meg Whitman, who was then its chief executive, had enticed Yahoo to make a competing offer by bidding so aggressively for Alibaba.
"Thank you, Meg Whitman," Ma joked at the time. "Thank you for making all of this possible." But Ma soon started having second thoughts about the partnership. He worried that he had sold the stake too cheaply and given up too much control.
Trying to buy back most, if not all, of Alibaba's shares, Ma started talks that dragged on for several years. With the relationship souring, Ma transferred ownership of Alibaba's fast-growing online payment service, Alipay, to an entity that he controlled.
He didn't get the permission of Alibaba's board. He just went ahead and did it. While Yahoo complained, Ma seemed to get everything he wanted, eventually. In 2011, he negotiated an agreement giving him and a handful of key lieutenants a majority stake in Alipay, one of the company's crown jewels.
A year later, Ma secured a plan for Yahoo to reduce its stake in Alibaba. When the Alibaba Group goes public later this month in an offering that could value the company at about $160 billion, investors will have little doubt about who is in control of the company.
Ma, 49, is the public face. He is the chief negotiator. He is the top strategist. He is the biggest individual investor, with a 9 per cent stake. Alibaba, a company started out of Ma's apartment in 1999, is now a technology colossus worth more than US stalwarts like eBay and Hewlett-Packard.
Under his leadership, Alibaba has become not just the dominant force in China's e-commerce but also a symbol of the country's breathtaking economic rise. The company has 250 million active buyers in China, and its orders account for more than 60 per cent of all package deliveries in China.
That success has helped make Jack Ma a kind of celebrity CEO, an executive comfortable hobnobbing with business moguls in Davos, leading tours of his company for China's political elite and promoting the "Wisdom of Jack Ma" in books and on DVDs. The initial public offering could make Ma, already one of China's richest men, worth more than $15 billion. He has already pledged to give away much of that wealth, which would instantly make him one of the world's major philanthropists.
(Ma and Alibaba declined to comment for this article, citing regulatory restrictions on public statements ahead of an IPO.) Ma has grown accustomed to doing things his way. He regularly strikes deals with close friends and buys companies in seemingly unrelated industries. At times, it is hard to determine whether an investment is personal or professional, because the boundaries between Ma's portfolio and Alibaba's holdings can blur.
Such activities are not always transparent, a potential red flag for new shareholders in a public company. Like many Chinese companies, Alibaba also operates behind a cloak of complicated ownership structures, which may limit dissenting shareholders' objections.
REBELLIOUS AND PRECOCIOUS
Ma grew up in the eastern Chinese city of Hangzhou, the middle of three children born to a pair of performers of pingtan, a traditional musical storytelling technique. Neighbors called him a troublesome and often rebellious young boy, but he may have just been precocious.
At 10, Ma Yun, as he is known in Chinese, took a liking to English and would ride his bicycle to the Hangzhou Hotel to practice with foreign tourists, an experience he said opened his mind to the outside world. His poor math skills almost prevented him from attending college.
But after passing the national college entrance exam on the third try, Ma gained admission to a local teachers' college, where he excelled and was elected president of the student union. When he graduated in 1988, he took a $14-a-month job teaching English at the Hangzhou Institute of Electronic Engineering and quickly became one of its most popular instructors.

Jammu and Kashmir floods: Massive rescue operations underwaypicture  others
Jammu and Kashmir floods: Massive rescue operations underway
The flood fury unleashed more death and destruction in Jammu and Kashmir, claiming the lives of nearly 150 people and leaving many marooned, even as relief efforts were intensified today, with the Prime Minister announcing Rs 1000 crore aid for the battered state.
This photograph released by the India Government Press Information Bureau shows Prime Minister Narendra Modi undertaking an aerial survey of the flood affected areas in Jammu and Kashmir state on Sunday.
The flooding, the worst in 50 years, has killed more than a hundred people across the Himalayan region. (Source: AP)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi being welcomed by J&K CM Omar Abdullah and Army Chief Lt Gen Dalbir Singh Suhag while Governor NN Vohra looks on at Technical Airport in Jammu on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi being welcomed by Army Chief Lt Gen Dalbir Singh Suhag while Governor NN Vohra looks on at Technical Airport in Jammu on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi holds a review meet with J&K Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and other administration officials at Technical Airport in Jammu. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi flanked by J&K CM Omar Abdullah, Governor N N Vohra and MoS PMO Jitendra Singh talks to the media after reviewing the situation of flood affected areas in Jammu and Kashmir on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
People wade through flood water following heavy rains in the heart of Srinagar on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Indian Air Force jawans evacuating flood-affected women and children at a village in Jammu on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
An Indian Air Force Helicopter carries flood affected people at a village in Jammu. (Source: PTI)
Men use a makeshift raft to evacuate an elderly man and his grand daughter from a flooded neighborhood in Srinagar on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Indian Army soldiers unloading food materials for flood-affected people from an IAF chopper at Pargawal village of Akhnoor sector of Jammu. (Source: PTI)
The photo released by the India Government Press Information Bureau shows people marooned in flooding waiting to be rescued by an Indian Air Force helicopter, foreground, in Jammu and Kashmir. (Source: AP Photo/India Government Press Information Bureau)
The photo released by the India Government Press Information Bureau shows people marooned in flooding waiting to be rescued by an Indian Air Force helicopter, foreground, in Jammu and Kashmir. (Source: AP Photo/India Government Press Information Bureau)

Alibaba could be valued at $163 billion in record listingYou are here: Home > Collections > Facebook
Alibaba could be valued at $163 billion in record listing
Bloomberg Sep 8, 2014, 09.22AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba
(Alibaba is seeking a valuation…)
NEW YORK/HONG KONG: Alibaba Group Holding, the e-commerce company whose fortunes surged along with China's economy, plans a historic US initial public offering that may also claim the global record.
Alibaba is seeking a valuation of as much as $162.7 billion, larger than 95% of the Standard & Poor's 500 Index, as it enters the IPO's final stages. At the high end of the proposed price range, Alibaba would be the third-most valuable Internet company traded in the US after Google and Facebook.The offering could raise as much as $21.1 billion, according to a September 5 regulatory filing.
Even at the high end, the valua tion falls below more optimistic estimates of Aliba ba's worth -anal ysts surveyed in July put its value at $187 billion, on average. That will give China's large st e-commerce company room to raise the IPO price as it builds de mand during meet ings with fund managers, said Henry Guo, an anaital. lyst at JG Capital.
"This is below Wall Street's expectations," said Guo, who is based in San Francisco. "They prefer a smoother start so that they can push up the prices."
Alibaba may temper its valuation, some analysts said in July, which could help it avoid the listing flop of Facebook. Those analysts forecast that Alibaba would value itself at about $154 billion, after applying a discount.
Facebook had a price tag of $104 billion at the time of its IPO in May 2012 and went on to lose half its market value as investors worried about slowing growth and the company's mobile strategy.The stock has since recovered.
While Alibaba's IPO is coming amid growth in China's e-commerce market, investors now must weigh the risks of buying shares in the Hangzhou-based company.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ONGC gains on Bank of America upgradeONGC rises over 2 per cent after Bank of America upgrade
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 18:55 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Oil and Natural Gas Corporation gained  more than 2 per cent after Bank of America Merrill Lynch upgraded the stock to "buy" from "neutral".
BofA said it expects more gains from oil reforms than earlier and raised target price to Rs 534 from Rs 466.
Shares of the scrip closed at Rs 454.80 a piece, up 12.3 points (or 2.78 per cent) on Monday at the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).

Suzuki Swift Crosses 4 Million Mark Globally  Half Sold in IndiaYou are here: Home Corporates
Suzuki Swift Crosses 4 Million Mark Globally, Half Sold in India
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 12:53 (IST)
Trump Entertainment Files for Bankruptcy, May Close Taj Mahal Casino
New Delhi:
Japan's small car major Suzuki Motor Corporation has clocked four million milestone in total global sales of its successful premium hatchback Swift with about half of them coming from India.
According to information available on the company's website, Swift, which was launched as a world strategic model in 2004, reached cumulative worldwide sales of four million units in August 2014 -- nine years and nine months since the start of sales in 2004.
"Especially in India, ever since its launch in 2005, the Swift steadily increased its sales in line with the market expansion due to economic growth, such as by adding diesel variants and sedans. Of the four million units, units sold in India account for approximately half of them," the company said.
At present the Swift is available in India priced between Rs 4.42 lakh and Rs 6.7 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi) in both petrol and diesel options.
The Swift was first produced and sold in Japan in November 2004. In the following year, production and distribution began in Hungary, India, and China.
Full-model change was made in 2010, and production and distribution also began in Thailand in March 2012.
Suzuki said out of the total global sales, 19 per cent were sold in Europe and 11 per cent in Japan.
In June 2008, the model crossed one million units in cumulative worldwide production and in January 2011 total global sales reached two million units.
Last year in January, Swift had reached the three million mark in cumulative worldwide sales.
The model is currently produced in eight countries worldwide and sold in more than 140 countries and regions around the world.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 12:47 (IST)

Samsungs premium smartphone Note 4 priced at  699Samsung’s premium smartphone Note 4 priced at € 699
PTI
REUTERS A new Samsung Galaxy Note 4 smartphone decorated by Swarovski is pictured at the IFA consumer technology fair in Berlin.
Berlin, Sept 8:  
Korean technology giant Samsung has commenced sale of its latest and premium smartphone Note 4 for 699 euro (about Rs 56,000) including taxes in Germany.
“Samsung Note 4 is for 699 Euro. It includes taxes,” a Samsung sales representative told PTI at company’s branded outlet in Berlin’s prominent shopping mall KaDeWe.
At 699 euro, Note 4 has become most expensive smartphone from Samsung’s stable.
The phone is expected to be available globally in October and is to be launched in a phased manner.
Samsung has sought to make its Note series a higher premium phone with stylus from renowned pen maker company Mont Blanc. The low end digital pen model for Note 4 is priced at around Rs 9,600 (120 euro) and the high end Mont Blanc stylus model is priced at about Rs 32,800 (410 euro).
The Galaxy Note 4 has 5.7 inch display similar to that is present in Note 3 launched in October last year. The screen display has moved to advanced version Quad HD from Full High Definition.
This will give better viewing experience in terms of contrast, density of colours etc, the company says.
In the new Note 4, Samsung has incorporated multi-function feature on same screen which will allow users to use function like chatting on same screen along with reading as it happens on computer.
The Note 4 has 16 megapixel rear-facing camera and a 3.7 megapixel front-facing camera up to 120 degree wide angle shot.
Samsung representatives said that Note 4 has lower power consumption and increased battery life of 7.5 per cent compared to previous model. The battery capacity in Note 4 is 3,220 mAH compared to 3,200 mAh in Note 3.
The phone comes with features that can charge 50 per cent of battery in 30 minutes, they said.
Samsung has introduced snap feature in S Pen which come with Note 4 for writing on phone. Snap feature allows to select a portion of image or text on screen and share it with desired person through email by simply pasting the selected image or text on email or any other application that allows sharing of image or text.
According to research firm IDC, 301.3 million smartphones were sold globally in April—June 2014, up 25.3 per cent from 240.5 million units shipped in the same period last year.
Samsung accounted for over 25 per cent share.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Punj Lloyd shares surge 10 per cent on PRPC Refinery and Cracker orderAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Priyanka Chopra rounds about brother s lounge launch in styleentertainment
Priyanka Chopra rounds about brother’s lounge launch in style
Priyanka Chopra was seen at the launch of her brother Siddharth Chopra's lounge - The Mugshot Lounge in Mumbai.
Priyanka inaugurates the lounge with a splash of champagne. Also seen at the event was her mother, Madhu Chopra.
The sibling love: Priyanka shows some love for her baby brother while he holds a glass of champagne.
Siddharth side-hugs his sister while she addresses the audience.
VJ-actress Anusha Dandekar was also spotted at the do. She looked pretty in an LBD.
Priyanka Chopra poses with her mother and brother.
Priyanka with some guests at the lounge launch.

Sensex ends 293 pts higher; NTPC  MM  Tata Power fallSep 08, 2014, 03.46 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex ends 293 pts higher; NTPC, M&M, Tata Power fall
Hindalco, ONGC, SBI, Wipro and HUL were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the top losers are NTPC, M&M, Tata Power and BHEL.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex ends 293 pts higher; NTPC, M&M, Tata Power fall
Hindalco, ONGC, SBI, Wipro and HUL were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the top losers are NTPC, M&M, Tata Power and BHEL.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 pm Market closing
The market made a spectacular comeback with hefty returns on Monday, at record closing high. The Sensex was up 293.15 points or 1 percent at 27319.85 and the Nifty was up 81.05 points or 1 percent at 8167.90. About 2067 shares have advanced, 962 shares declined, and 95 shares are unchanged.
Hindalco, ONGC, SBI, Wipro and HUL were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the top losers are NTPC, M&M, Tata Power and BHEL.
03:00pm Strong growth likely in domestic paint industry
The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM), on September 4, said Indian paint industry is likely to surge from the current level of about Rs 40,600 crore to about Rs 62,000 crore by 2016 witnessing a breathtaking double-digit compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of about 20 percent.
The factors that have fuelled the paint industry's growth are the rise in disposable income and education, increasing urbanisation, development of the rural market and various launches of many innovative products, it added.
As per the ASSOCHAM recent report on 'Indian paint Industry: 2014' reveals that India is the second-largest consumer of paint in Asia. Top players include Asian Paints, Kansai Nerolac Paints, Berger Paints, AkzoNobel, Nippon Paints and Shalimar Paints, added the report.
02:40pm Interview
Talleen Kumar, CEO & MD, Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor Development Corporation expects phase I of India’s largest infrastructure project to be completed by 2019. This phase will involve construction of Dholera Special Investment Region in Gujarat and Shendra-Bidkin Industrial Park in Mahashtra. These two are part of the 8 smart industrial cities that have been planned along the length of the corridor.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Kumar said environment clearances for Dholera were in place, and that bidding process for both Dholera and Shendra would be rolled out in December this year.
Kumar said DMICDC has decided to go ahead with five cities in all, the other three being in Greater Noida, Madhya Pradesh and Haryana.
"In all these five cities, we have land available with us. The state government has been very proactive in making land available to us and that is the reason why we are able to move ahead in these five cities," he said.
Kumar admitted that land acquisition would turn out to be a major challenge for state governments as the project progressed.
"The land acquisition has been a challenging task for state government especially since the acquisition of the new Land Acquisition Act. We have to solve this problem if industrial cities have to come up," Kumar said.
02:20pm Sunflag Iron in News
Investors bought more shares of Sunflag Iron and Steel Company on the news of funds infusion by Japanese company. The stock rallied as much as 9 percent to hit a 52-week high of Rs 33.70 on the Bombay Stock Exchange, in addition to 10 percent upmove on Friday.
A meeting of the board of directors of the company will be held on September 11, to issue and allotment of 1,80,21,945 equity shares to Daido Steel Company, Japan on preferential basis, amongst others, said the company in its filing.
The Competition Commission of India, on August 27, had cleared the proposal of acquisition of 10 percent stake in company by Daido Steel Company.
"The overlap between products and vertical relationship between parties is insignificant and would not raise any competition concerns in India. Further, based on the total market value of the steel industry in India, the market shares of Daido and Sunflag are also insignificant," CCI explained.
02:00pm Equity benchmarks hit another record high in afternoon trade with the Nifty surpassing 8150 level, up 63.55 points to 8150.40 supported by banks, technology, FMCG and oil & gas stocks. The Sensex rose 212.58 points to 27239.28.
About 1992 shares have advanced, 902 shares declined, and 94 shares are unchanged.
India's largest lenders State Bank of India, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank gained 0.9-1.6 percent while FMCG majors ITC and HUL advanced 0.8-1.3 percent.
State-run oil major ONGC remained on buyers' radar, up 2 percent after Bank of America Merrill Lynch upgraded the stock to buy from neutral as it expects more gains from oil reforms than earlier. "Main reason for our optimism is recent press reports which suggest equal subsidy sharing by ONGC-Oil India and the government. ONGC is better off under equal subsidy sharing than under the Parikh formula, which we were earlier assuming," the brokerage explains.
Technology majors TCS, Infosys and Wipro gained 0.8-1.3 percent. Deutsche Bank advises buying Wipro with a target price of Rs 650 and TCS with a target price of Rs 3,100. The brokerage recommends holding Infosys with target price of Rs 3,400.
However, HDFC, Mahindra and Mahindra, Tata Power and NTPC fell 0.7-1.6 percent.
13:00

The comprehensive Aug auto sales report: Who won  who lostSep 08, 2014, 06.15 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
The comprehensive Aug auto sales report: Who won, who lost
In line with trends seen in the broader economy, the Indian auto sector appears to be turning up, with domestic passenger vehicle sales turning up to 2.09 lakh units in August, compared to 1.94 lakh in the previous month and 1.8 lakh in August last year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
The comprehensive Aug auto sales report: Who won, who lost
In line with trends seen in the broader economy, the Indian auto sector appears to be turning up, with domestic passenger vehicle sales turning up to 2.09 lakh units in August, compared to 1.94 lakh in the previous month and 1.8 lakh in August last year.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
In line with trends seen in the broader economy, the Indian auto sector appears to be turning up, with domestic passenger vehicle sales turning up to 2.09 lakh units in August, compared to 1.94 lakh in the previous month and 1.8 lakh in August last year.
According to data released by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers, the country’s top carmakers such as Maruti Suzuki , Hyundai and Honda made the most of the upturn, capturing a greater pie of the sales chart.
In year-on-year movers, Honda’s sales increased about 89 percent to 16,758 units, neatly consolidating its number-three position that it occupied in June this year after overtaking Mahindra & Mahindra.
This was thanks to the launch of the Mobilio MUV, which in its second month, notched up sales of over 5,000 units, as also to Amaze compact sedan, which sold over 9,000 units, the most over the past 12 months.
Honda’s gains came at the hands of, among others, Chevrolet (sales down 36.5 percent year-on-year), whose Beat and Enjoy, have been on a slow descent during the same period.
Other winners include Maruti and Hyundai while Volkswagen, Ford, Renault and  M&M (which relies heavily on economically-sensitive utility vehicles) saw double-digit losses in sales in percentage terms.
Maruti’s market share climbed to 47.03 percent, the highest over the past 12 months, while Hyundai too improved its share to 16.15 percent.
Segments that sold the most vehicles in August were the premium hatchback, compact sedan, which recently saw the launch of two new vehicles, compact hatch and city hatch.
In the premium hatch segment, the Maruti Swift continues to score well, notching slightly less than half the segment’s sales (17,716 units). Hyundai’s Elite i20, which replaced the earlier-generation i20 during the month, has become an instant hit, notching sales of 6,627. While the Ritz, with 4,586 units sold, continues to remain a force to reckon with.
The action meanwhile is heating up in the compact sedan, which now has four successful players (Tata Zest and Hyundai Xcent being new players), a segment that singularly ruled by the DZire till a few years ago (Honda Amaze being another player).
The feature-rich Zest is off to a decent start and much would depend on it to turn around Tata Motors ’ fortunes in the domestic market. The Amaze and Xcent continue to do very well but their sales appear to have no impact on the segment leader DZire and it appears the new players have only expanded the sales pie rather than eating from the DZire’s.
In the compact hatch segment, the Wagon R continues to clock robust sales, while the Grand i10 and Maruti Celerio (which features a semi-automatic gearbox) also remain steady sellers.
While in the city hatch segment, it is the Alto that remains the undisputed leader. Its Hyundai rival, Eon, too notches up impressive sales while the recently-launched Datsun Go appears to be losing its way, dropping to below 1,000 units for the second straight month. The fortunes of the Nano continue to plummet despite Tata’s many efforts recently to give it a new lease of life.
Maruti Suzuki stock price
On September 10, 2014, Maruti Suzuki India closed at Rs 2910.30, down Rs 0.65, or 0.02 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2963.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 1301.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 96.45 per share as per the quarter ended March 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 30.17. The latest book value of the company is Rs 694.45 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.19.
RELATED NEWS

Introverts spend more time on FacebookUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Washington: It's not the person posting back to back pictures who's the big-time Facebook user, instead it's the quiet ones who are logging in longer!
Shy and introvert people spend more time on Facebook but disclose little information with friends and acquaintances, according to a new study.
"The shy people spend more time on Facebook, but they disclose less information," said Dr Pavica Sheldon, assistant professor in the Communications Arts Department at The University of Alabama in Huntsville (UAH).
Shy and introvert people spend more time on Facebook but disclose little information with friends and acquaintances.
For an introvert, using the site doesn't always mean posting to it, she said. The research shows that introverts spend more time there than extroverts do.
"Shy people and people who are more lonely use Facebook to pass the time," Sheldon said.
Even though introverts spend more time, the relationship benefits of Facebook tend to accrue to extroverts, narcissists and people who desire great control over how they present themselves, researchers said.
The more extroverted a person is, the more status posts he or she is likely to make, they said.
"Narcissists like fame, they like to be seen," Sheldon said.
That behaviour accrues more of the social benefits of Facebook to those people, who also are more socially gregarious in person, she said.
"What I found out is that my research supports the 'rich get richer' hypothesis," Sheldon said.
"Those users who are richer in their offline relationships will also benefit more from their use of Facebook. The more extroverted you are, the more you will benefit," said Sheldon.
Narcissists and those who score highly in self-monitoring - the ability to alter their behaviour to adjust to changing social situations - tend to post more photos than other users. "Posting pictures gives them more control over how they are being presented," Sheldon said.
But when all factors are considered, it's the total time spent on Facebook that is the overarching influence when it comes to posting pictures. The more time a user has logged on the site, the more comfortable they become with photo posting.

We don t consider Xiaomi  Obi as competitors: BlackBerry CEO John ChenUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Canadian handset maker BlackBerry, which faces stiff competition from domestic and Chinese brands in India, does not consider the latest entrants Obi and Xiaomi as competitors in the world's second largest handset market.
"We don't consider the players you named as competitors since they play to a lower end market and do not pose a threat across our broad set of capabilities," BlackBerry Executive Chairman and CEO John Chen told PTI when asked if they were facing difficulty due to new players like Xiaomi and Obi who are launching powerful devices at affordable prices.
It is important to remember that BlackBerry is more than just a smartphone manufacturer. It is a mobile solutions firm that services the needs of customers looking for secure technologies that drive productivity, communications and collaboration, he added.
It is important to remember that BlackBerry is more than just a smartphone manufacturer, says BlackBerry Executive Chairman and CEO John Chen.
When asked if the firm is loosing its charm due to higher than expected prices, Chen said: "I believe the pricing of our devices is competitive, especially for the higher value that BlackBerry delivers. The BlackBerry Z3, for example, has an attractive price point for the features and benefits it provides."
Blackberry's Z3 is available on various e-commerce sites in the range of Rs 14,860-15,950, while the Z10 is available in the range of Rs 12,599-18,499.
Often touted as the Apple of China, Xiaomi launched its Mi3 smartphone in India for Rs 13,999 this year.
Whereas, Obi Mobiles, a company co-founded by former Apple CEO John Sculley, launched its flagship handset, Octopus S520, for Rs 11,990 in the Indian market this year.
"BlackBerry continues to be among the top five smartphone brands globally, and India remains an extremely important country for us. In fact, India was also one of the first markets targeted for the BlackBerry Z3 and it has been very well received by consumers in that market," Chen said.
The struggling smartphone maker has been slashing prices of its handsets in India - Z30, Z10, Q5, 9320 and 9720 - to drive sales due to competition from Android, iOS and Nokia's Windows Phone, which have been offering devices at affordable prices.
In India, in terms of vendor, BlackBerry failed to find a spot in the top 5 in the April-June quarter. Samsung leads the tally with 29 per cent market share, followed by Micromax (18 per cent), Karbonn (8 per cent), Lava (6 per cent) and Motorola (5 per cent), as per IDC.
In a sign of recovery for the embattled company finally coming out of the red, the Waterloo (Ontario)-headquartered firm said it sold 1.6 million smartphones in the March-May quarter and issued 1.2 million BlackBerry Enterprise Service 10 licences during the same period.
BlackBerry reported a net profit of $23 million for the quarter ended May 31, helped by growing smartphone sales and higher adoption of enterprise services, against a net loss of $84 million in the year-ago period.
However, revenue for the first quarter of fiscal 2015 stood at $966 million, down 1 per cent from $976 million in the same quarter of previous fiscal.
According to research firm IDC, after three consecutive quarters of sequential decline, BlackBerry's global volumes in April-June 2014 rebounded slightly from the previous quarter, but remain 78 per cent lower than the levels in the year-ago period.
The firm shipped 1.5 million units in the second quarter of 2014 and stood fourth worldwide in terms of market share at 0.5 per cent in terms of smartphone operating systems. Android was the market leader in April-June period with 84.7 per cent share, followed by Apple's iOS (11.7 per cent) and Windows Phone (2.5 per cent), IDC added.

Rupee logs six-week peak of 60.29 against US dollar  up 10 paiseComments
The Indian rupee on Monday appreciated by 10 paise to end at a nearly six-week high of 60.29 against the greenback tracking a solid rally in local shares and continued dollar selling by exporters and some banks.
Good inflows also helped the rupee even as the widely tracked dollar index was up 0.10% against six major global rivals, forex dealers said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced strong at 60.29 a dollar from last Friday's close of 60.39.
Rupee traded in a narrow range of 60.19 and 60.31, before concluding at its opening level of 60.29 - a rise of 10 paise or 0.17%. This is the strongest level since the rupee had settled at 60.06 on July 30, 2014.
The Indian benchmark S and P BSE Sensex on Monday shot up by 293.15 points, or 1.08%, to log a new closing peak of 27,319.85.
FPIs/FIIs infused USD 54.16 million last Friday, taking the total to USD 710.33 million in the current month so far, as per Sebi data.
In forwards market on Monday, premium continued to close narrowly mixed in recent few days.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February edged down to 242-244 paise from 242.5-244.5 paise previously while far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 rose further to 498-500 paise from 495.5-497.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 60.2628 and for the euro at 77.9439.
The rupee bounced back with vengeance against the pound to 97.25 from last weekend's close of 98.48 and also recovered to 78.08 per euro from 78.26.
It, however, remained firm to 57.29 per 100 Japanese yen from 57.41 previously.

Aditya Birla Chemicals Buys Jayshree Chemicals  Unit for $35 MillionTrump Entertainment Files for Bankruptcy, May Close Taj Mahal Casino
Mumbai:
Aditya Birla Chemicals (India) Limited said on Monday it has acquired Jayshree Chemicals Ltd's caustic soda business for Rs 212 crore.
Jayshree's facility, located in the eastern Indian state of Odisha, has a capacity of about 57,000 tonnes per annum, Aditya Birla Chemicals said in a statement.
The company, part of the $40 billion Indian conglomerate Aditya Birla Group, expects the acquisition to increase its total caustic soda capacity to about 355,000 tonnes per annum, and plans to fund the deal through internal accruals and debt.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

HT poll: 68% say L-G should call for fresh assembly polls in DelhiComments
Adding more fire to the controversy over government formation in Delhi, the Aam Aadmi Party released a 'sting video' at a press conference on Monday, claiming that a senior BJP leader in Delhi was caught on tape trying to buy the support of AAP MLAs.
HT conducted an online poll and survery on the incident.
On the poll, we asked the question: In view of AAP's allegations of horse-trading, should the L-G call for fresh polls in Delhi?
68% of respondents said the Lieutenant Governor should call for fresh elections, while 31% said he shouldn't. 2% respondents had nothing to say on the question.
In the survey, we asked 3 questions.
On the first question -- Should BJP form the government in Delhi after initially refusing to do so after the poll results in Dec last year -- 34% of respondents said the BJP should form the government in Delhi, while 63% felt that it shouldn't. 3% had nothing to say on the issue.
On the second question, is it possible for the BJP to form the government in Delhi without horse-trading, 67% of readers felt that BJP could not keep out horse-trading to form the government in Delhi while 26% said it needn't go out buying MLAs. 7% of them had no say on the question.
On the last question on whether there should be fresh assembly polls in Delhi, 70% thought that Delhi needed fresh assembly poll while 30% responded in the negative and 3% had no say on the issue.
The above results are taken from Monday evening.

Facebook targets advertisers as 100 million log on in AfricaAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Micromax Sees 25% of Smartphone Sales Happening Online in 2 YearsYou are here: Home Corporates
Micromax Sees 25% of Smartphone Sales Happening Online in 2 Years
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 18:34 (IST)
Trump Entertainment Files for Bankruptcy, May Close Taj Mahal Casino
New Delhi: With growing consumer preference to shop online, domestic handset maker Micromax expects 25 per cent of its smartphones sales to come from e-commerce platforms over the next two years.
The company, which has partnered e-commerce major Snapdeal for launching its latest handset - Canvas Nitro, currently gets about 10 per cent of its sales from online purchases.
"Online is small but is definitely growing. About 10 per cent of our sales are coming from that. Over the next two years, 25 per cent of at least the smartphone sales would come from online," Micromax chief executive Vineet Taneja said.
He further said the company would continue with its mix of online and offline sales.
The company on Monday launched a new 'octa-core' processor powered smartphone, priced at Rs 12,990.
Canvas Nitro, to be available exclusively on Snapdeal, is powered by a 1.7 GHz Tru Octa Core processor and Android KitKat operating system.
The handset features 5-inch HD IPS display, leather finish back, 2GB RAM, 13MP rear and 5MP front camera, 8GB memory (expandable up to 32GB) and 2500 mAh.
"We are excited to be partnering with Micromax to launch their latest product - the Canvas Nitro. The new product has most superior technology and we are sure that this will be well-received by our 25 million members," Snapdeal senior vice president (electronics and home) Tony Navin said.
At Snapdeal, mobile and tablets are one of the fastest growing categories and this partnership is a strategic decision to add to the online marketplace's offerings, he added.
Micromax, which is the country's second largest handset maker, also plans to bring in two more smartphones apart from feature phones ahead of the festive season.
"Apart from the Android One phone, we will have one more smartphone and some feature phones, as there is still a market for them. By early next year, we should have a 4G handset as well."
Currently, 60 per cent of Micromax's sales volumes come from feature phones, while the remaining is smartphones.
As a large chunk of Indian users are migrating to affordable smarter devices from feature phones, Indian smartphone market grew 84 per cent year-on-year to 18.42 million units from 10.02 million units (in April-June 2013 quarter), according to research firm IDC.
Korean handset maker Samsung still continues to lead the smartphone market with a 29 per cent share, followed by Micromax (18 per cent), Karbonn (8 per cent) and Lava (6 per cent).
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 18:05 (IST)

Vistara likely to take off on Oct 15Aneesh Phadnis |  Mumbai Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:47 AM IST
Vistara likely to take off on Oct 15
Will commemorate J R D Tata's flight from Karachi to Mumbai on the same date in 1932
Vistara, the Tata-Singapore Airlines joint venture, is likely to commence operations on October 15, commemorating J R D Tata’s flight from Karachi to Mumbai on the same date in 1932. J R D Tata’s flight carrying mail between the two cities was the first by an Indian company and it opened the air link to peninsular India.
Vistara, a joint venture of Tata Group and Singapore Airlines, is awaiting approval from the Directorate General of Civil Aviation to start service and is expecting its first
Airbus A320 this week. Tata Sons holds a 51 per cent stake in the airline, while the remainder is held by Singapore Airlines. Together, the two companies have committed initial investments worth $100 million in the airline.
WAITING FOR WINGS
Vistara is awaiting approval form DGCA to start service and is expecting its first Airbus A320 this week
Tata Sons holds 51 per cent in the airline and the rest is held by Singapore Airlines
Together, the two companies have committed initial investments worth $100 mn
“We cannot comment on the (launch) date at this stage... We will take delivery of our first aircraft, an Airbus A320, in the second week of September. If all goes well, we plan to conduct ‘proving flights’ in the next four weeks. We have a plan but it all depends on the process and progress of approvals we need to go through. We will be able to share more with you when we are ready,” said a Vistara spokesperson.
Vistara will have a fleet of five by the end of the year. According to initial plans, it will fly to five cities, which could go up to 11 after a year of operations. The airline will have 87 weekly flights linking Delhi to Mumbai, Goa, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Jammu, Srinagar, Patna and Chandigarh.
According to sources, the airline is likely to offer 148 seats across three classes.
While the airline management remains tight-lipped about its plans, sources said its Airbus A320 is likely to have 16 business class, 36 premium economy, and 96 economy class seats.
“October 15, 1932, is a significant date in Indian aviation history. Until then, air mail services within India were offered only by the then British India government, using Air Force planes. Tata Sons was the first Indian company to offer mail service. October 15 is also regarded as birth date of Air India, which was established by him (JRD),” said aviation historian Anuradha Reddy.
 Advertisements

JLR Launches Jaguar XE in LondonTrump Entertainment Files for Bankruptcy, May Close Taj Mahal Casino
London: Tata Motors-owned Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) on Monday announced the official launch of Jaguar XE here.
"The Jaguar XE is a vehicle at the very heart of the UK's manufacturing renaissance. It combines pre-eminent British design with British engineering in a special car for customers around the world," JLR chief executive Ralf Speth told reporters at a briefing on the new model.
"This premium mid-sized sports sedan is the outstanding realisation of two new factories, 2,300 new jobs and around 2 billion pounds of investment in the UK," he added.
The new compact executive saloon is all set to hit the European market early 2015, with the US later in the year and will eventually be available in India and other emerging markets.
"The XE comes with a very exciting driving experience and is intended for the global market. We hope to deliver in China, India and other emerging after its US launch later next year," Mr Speth said.
The aluminium-intensive mid-size premium sports sedan is the first model developed from JLR's new modular vehicle architecture.
The XE will be the first model to get the high tech "Ingeniu engine" - a family of ultra-low-emission, four-cylinder petrol and diesel engines from the company's Engine Manufacturing Centre.
The company said the facility in Wolverhampton brings JLR engine supply back to its production heartland with a total investment of 500 million pounds and creation of 1,400 skilled jobs, of which 600 have already been recruited.
This new advanced engine family has been described as highly flexible, scalable and modular and will be used in future Jaguar and Land Rover products.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 23:59 (IST)

Rural Gurgaon changing  voters quiz netas about wi-fi  twitterComments
Long considered a rural assembly constituency, the tourist town of Sohna in Gurgaon district is fast turning into an urban hub, and its growing pool of educated and modern voters are posing tough questions to ticket-seekers hoping to win a seat here in the upcoming Haryana assembly polls.
Nestled near the Aravalli hills, Sohna is the smallest, by number of voters, of the four constituencies in Gurgaon district — others being Gurgaon, Badshahpur and Pataudi. It has 1.89 lakh voters of which more than 40,000 are educated urban youth attracted to the once sleepy town by an explosion of major development projects including the newly carved out Sohna extension township, numerous gated and ultra-luxury high-rise housing projects, and improving connectivity that will bring it within 10km from Gurgaon.
And the educated want a ‘connected’ leader. “Much to our surprise, the people during canvassing here ask us questions such as: Do you know about wi-fi zones? Are you on Facebook, Whatsapp or Twitter? Many of these young voters have formed online groups and now expect an educated elected MLA from here,” said one of the ticket aspirants.
The parties are responding to this. Many in the list of ticket seekers from Sohna are management graduates from domestic and foreign universities.
Sohna’s vote bank is also diverse with a majority of them Muslims, Gujjars and SC/BCs all hoping for more development, likely to be the major poll plank here.
“Gone are the days when illiterate political candidates with dubious background would rule the roost and gain power using our electorate. We are a rising community of educated urban people and expect an educated political leader to represent us and raise the issue of development,” said YN Gupta, RWA president of Sushant Lok (Phase 2) — one of 24 big new housing societies that fall under Sohna.

Sinha s decisions in 2G probe may be quashed: SCBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:58 AM IST
Sinha's decisions in 2G probe may be quashed: SC
Court tells CBI director to come clean on allegations made by Bhushan
Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Director Ranjit Sinha on Monday found himself in deeper trouble in the Supreme Court, as the court remarked it could cancel all decisions taken by Sinha in the 2G spectrum scam probe if it was found he had tried to prevent a fair inquiry.
The observation came after counsel Prashant Bhushan handed over the original entry register from Sinha’s official residence. The Bench headed by H L Dattu, accepting the register, ordered it to be kept in a sealed cover.
Bhushan, representing Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL), which moved the petition that led to cancellation of 122 telecom licences, had earlier provided photocopies of the register. On Monday, he said some people delivered the originals at his house on Sunday night. They feared these might be destroyed. The court also took the names of 23 ITBP and four CBI officials on duty at Sinha’s residence during the relevant time.
The register purportedly contains the names of top businessmen, politicians and accused persons involved in the 2G case who visited Sinha’s house. Claiming Sinha was trying to protect the accused, Bhushan has demanded his removal from probes into the 2G and coal scams.
Sinha, on his part, has alleged the documents are fake. He has moved court for action against Bhushan and CPIL Secretary Kamini Jaiswal for forgery.
The court asked Sinha to file an affidavit responding to the allegations made by Bhushan. His counsel, Vikas Singh, protested against filing of documents without verification or source. He pleaded Sinha not be asked to file an affidavit as it would affect the trial. But the judges said the court would ensure a fair trial. The case will next be taken up on Monday.
Sinha, a Bihar-cadre IPS officer, had taken charge as the CBI director in November 2012, when the 2G case trial had already started in a CBI special court.
The chargesheets related to 2G spectrum allocations had been filed under the term of A P Singh, Sinha's predecessor at CBI. Among key people in judicial custody when Sinha took over were former telecom minister A Raja, Dravida Munnettra Kazhagam MP Kanimozhi and former telecom secretary Sidhharth Behura, besides several industrialists.
The only major 2G-related chargesheet filed in Sinha's tenure was in the Aircel-Maxis deal -that was a different case, not related to the alleged allocation scam. Former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran and his brother and Sun TV promoter Kalanithi Maran, besides six others, were named in this chargesheet last week for allegedly accepting Rs 600 crore as bribe.
Another major event in connection with the 2G case during Sinha's tenure was overturning of the chean chit given to the chief executives of Bharti Airtel and Vodafone during his predecessor's term. That was done after a trial court order saying a company alone could not be held responsible for omissions and commissions and that promoters and directors should also be named.
The entire investigation into the alleged coal block allocation scam has, however, taken place with Sinha at the helm of affairs at CBI.
In a related development, the Bench asked the government to absorb Rajeshwar Singh, who has been probing several sensitive cases like 2G and the money-laundering matter, as permanent deputy director in the Enforcement Directorate, within three days.
 Advertisements

On Leo Tolstoy s 186th birthday  Google doodles the great Russian author s epic novelsUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: A collection of images set within an interactive doodle attempts to capture the grandeur of the works one of the world's greatest novelists - Leo Tolstoy.
The white-bearded, prolific writer was a master of realistic fiction and is revered the world over for addressing war, love, God and family in epic novels such as War and Peace and Anna Karenina.
War and Peace and Anna Karenina are regarded as among the finest novels ever written. Tolstoy's works and his doctrine of nonresistance to evil had a great impact on Mahatma Gandhi.
The white-bearded, prolific Leo Tolstoy is revered the world over for addressing war, love, God and family in epic novels such as 'War and Peace' and 'Anna Karenina'.
Tolstoy was born September 9, 1828 in Yasnaya Polyana in the Russian Empire to a prominent aristocratic family. He died at the age of 82 on November 20, 1910 in Astapovo, Russian Empire.
Though a devout Christian, Tolstoy's radical theological philosophy - he compared the Russian Orthodox Church to witchcraft and preached that guidance should come from within and not from the church - got him excommunicated in 1901.
The Leo Tolstoy Google doodle on Google's home pages around the world has been created by illustrator Roman Muradov, with the help of Google's doodle team, in which he depicts scenes from three of Tolstoy's greatest works - War and Peace, Anna Karenina and The Death of Ivan Ilyich.
"No set of images can sum up a body of work so astonishing in scope, complexity, and vigour - its memorable scenes come to life with seeming effortlessness, fully realised in the immortal lines and between them. Tolstoy's lasting influence is a testament to the power of his art, which will remain relevant as long as the questions of life and death occupy our minds, which is to say - forever," Muradov says.

Reliance Communications: Mystery of the missing towersAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Ford slips on Morgan Stanley downgradeSeptember 8, 2014 5:05 pm
Ford slips on Morgan Stanley downgrade
By Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c0f7311a-376b-11e4-971c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shopping@140 characters: Twitter tests e-commerce marketAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Jammu and Kashmir phone shutdown magnifies flood damageAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Modi effect: India top growth bet | Potential to grow at 8-9%Al-Qaeda
(Modi-style governance…)
NEW DELHI: As top ministers extol the government's 100-day performance, a leading international risk-rating firm has told global investors in a confidential report that India is now the world's best growth-market bet as the risks of doing business in the country have declined with the Narendra Modi government having completed its first quarter.
Modi-style governance bodes well for investors who can expect policy clarity and less red tape, said Maplecroft UK's risk analysts in a rating note sent last week to clients, which include the world's top 400 global corporates, apart from financial institutions and think tanks. ET has seen a copy of the report.
The firm has ranked India at No. 1 in terms of economic opportunities for investors, whose interest in the country has spiked dramatically since the general elections. Officials close to the development said India has now become the fifth most requested country in terms of risk and opportunity reports from rating agencies and risk-mapping firms such as Maplecroft.
Risks relating to India's complex regulatory framework, red tape and macroeconomic environment have begun decreasing already, along with several other critical risks such as regime stability and security, according to Maplecroft, which expects Modi to preside over improvements in job creation, the rule of law and anti-corruption measures during his five-year term.
"The government's stability means that investors will benefit from clarity of policy and a regulatory environment that is largely conducive to business. In the coming year, several sectors — including manufacturing and energy — are likely to see limits on foreign direct investment increased.
  Furthermore, delays associated with approval of investment licences can be expected to shorten, given Prime Minister Modi's ongoing efforts to overhaul bureaucratic procedures," Arvind Ramakrishnan, head of India at Maplecroft, told ET when contacted about the report.
The change in the narrative is reflected in the Global Growth Opportunities Atlas, which ranks India has the hottest growth market, topping the world in terms of consumer potential, market potential and middle-class growth projections. Though India ranks among the low hundreds on key enabling factors to realise its growth potential such as physical infrastructure business environment and human capital development, Modi's explicit focus on these areas is expected to turn the tide in the medium term, the report noted.
According to the firm's analysis of the June-August period, threat perceptions for investors have declined in areas such as energy security (short term), labour-related supply chain risks, remittances and euro zone exposure. On Modi's ability to tackle the "endemic and institutionalised" corruption that Maplecroft said has hampered industrial production and the development of infrastructure and natural resources in the past five years, the firm is cautiously positive.
"Narendra Modi has promised to clean up governance by cracking down on corruption, and expedite approvals for investment projects. Modi is likely to achieve some success in this endeavour at the national level,' it said, only to add that nepotism, petty bribery and other forms of corruption in state governments remain a moderate risk.
The firm downplayed concerns about communal tensions arising under Modi's watch, saying there is little sign he will resort to policies that alienate religious minorities, such as amending religion-based family laws or restricting quotas for minorities in jobs and education.
"Modi realises that pursuing divisive policies could result in a loss of public and investor confidence in his ability to maintain social harmony and a stable business environment," Ramakrishnan said.
Al-Qaeda's India expansion announced by Ayman al-Zawahiri last week is unlikely to raise terror threat levels for the country, Maplecroft told investors. "There is little evidence that groups like the LeT (Lashkar-e-Taiba) and IM (Indian Mujahideen) share the Al-Qaeda (AQ) vision of a global caliphate. LeT's primary raison d'etre continues to be the 'liberation' of the state of Jammu & Kashmir from Indian rule. IM does want Islamic rule for all of India but does not have global ambitions," the firm said in a separate advisory to clients issued last Thursday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wait for sex to enjoy a happy married lifeCouples who waited longer to have sex while in a relationship were more likely to see higher levels of marital quality. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Indo-Asian News Service | New York | Posted: September 9, 2014 9:38 am
If you managed to control your desire to have sex with your partner before tying the knot, have heart as the wait was worth it!
According to an interesting study, couples who waited longer to have sex while in a relationship were more likely to see higher levels of marital quality.
“Forty-two percent of those who said their relationship did not begin as a ‘hook-up’ were most satisfied on marital quality,” said psychologists Galena K. Rhoades and Scott M. Stanley associated with the National Marriage Project at the University of Virginia.
The participants who said their relationship began as a “hook-up” were less likely to have a higher quality marriage.
Of those who said their relationship began with a “hook up”, a mere 36 percent ranked in the top 40 percent of overall respondents for marriage quality, the website KMBZ.com reported.
The authors analysed data from the US relationship development study funded by the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development.
The study recruited over 1,000 Americans between 2007 and 2008 who were unmarried but in a relationship with someone of the opposite sex and between the ages of 18 and 34.
The authors also found that the majority of them had sex before marriage with multiple partners.
“But those few individuals who abstained reported a better quality of marriage than people who had multiple sexual partners,” the authors concluded.

Married life is fantastic: Aditya RedijAditya Redij: Married life is fantastic. Natasha has always supported me.
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 9:31 am
Actor Aditya Redij, who got married to his ‘Na Aana Is Des Laado’ co-star Natasha Sharma earlier this year, is enjoying marital bliss.
“Married life is fantastic. Natasha has always supported me,” Aditya told IANS.
Right now Aditya is looking forward to Zee TV’s new show ‘Bandhan … Saari Umar Humein Sang Rehna Hai’.
“After our marriage, I started shooting for ‘Bandhan…’ for which I had to shoot outside Mumbai for three-four days. But Natasha handled it pretty well,” he said praising his wife.
When asked about them working together again, he said: “Natasha says that she will work with me only. I just hope the wishes of our fans, who want to see us together, come true.”
The actor made a transition from modelling to acting and says that his journey has been comfortable so far.
“I would not describe my journey from being a model to an actor as a struggling type. When I started modelling, within two years, I was chosen for Dubai Fashion Week and I was the only Indian to walk the ramp at the event.”
His desire to try something different inspired him to quit modelling, which was “all about walking on the ramp with a straight face”.
“Hence, I auditioned for three shows, including ‘Na Aana Is Des Laado’ and got through all of them. I opted for ‘Na Aana Is Des Laado’ as it was with Colors channel,” he added.
As far as big screen opportunities are concerned, Aditya is taking it easy and said he would love to venture into mainstream cinema, “but he is not pushing anything and will take it as it comes.”
He won’t mind being a part of women centric movies like ‘Queen’, which featured Kangana Ranaut as the protagonist and it was a big hit.
“Although I have not seen ‘Queen’, I heard the role of the male protagonist (played by Rajkummar Rao) was essayed pretty well. I don’t mind doing such roles. I love to do things that excite me,” he added.
After playing a modern guy in ‘…Laado’ and a rustic character in ‘Junoon – Aisi Nafrat Toh Kaisa Ishq’, Aditya will be seen as a Maharashtrian forest ranger in his new TV show ‘Bandhan … Saari Umar Humein Sang Rehna Hai’.
He is sporting a moustache in ‘Bandhan…’ and says he doesn’t mind growing a beard or shaving his head to make his characters believable.
“I put in a lot of effort while preparing for a role and I will go in for any look as demanded by the character,” said the actor, who is also keen on being a part of a reality show, but could not accept an offer due to prior commitments.

Pandian quits Gujarat GasWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Sterling becomes subsidiary of Thomas Cook; Stock up 2%SI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 09:50 AM IST
Sterling becomes subsidiary of Thomas Cook; Stock up 2%
Thomas Cook climbs over 2% after Sterling Holiday Resorts became a subsidiary of Thomas Cook India Group
Shares of Thomas Cook climbs over 2% to Rs 148 on the BSE after Sterling Holiday Resorts India Ltd became a subsidiary of Thomas Cook India Group in the back of the former's equity shares being bought in an off-market transaction by Thomas Cook Insurance Services (TCISIL).
 
According to the company's announcement, on September 3 and September 5 Thomas Cook Insurance Services purchased 11,863,334 paid-up equity shares of Sterling Holiday Resorts at Rs 98 a share in an off-market transaction. Following the transaction TCISIL now holds 53.48%.
 
TCISIL, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Thomas Cook (India) Ltd. TCIL's another subsidiary Travel Corporation (India) Ltd owns around 1.67% in SHRIL. The Thomas Cook India group now holds around 55.14% in SHRIL.
 
The stock opened at Rs 147.70, touched a high of Rs 148 and a low of Rs 146 on the BSE. A total of 22,718 shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.
 Advertisements

Apollo Tyres gains after Hungary secures EU nod to offer aidSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 09:42 AM IST
Apollo Tyres gains after Hungary secures EU nod to offer aid
Hungary has secured  approval of the European Union to award grant for building a plant in northern Hungary
Shares of Apollo Tyres were up over 3% at Rs 217 on reports that Hungary has secured approval of the European Union to award grant for building a plant there.
According to reports, Hungary has gained regulatory approval from the European Union to grant 95.7 million euros in aid to Apollo Tyres for the construction of a tyre plant.
Hungary is offering a direct grant of 48.2 million euros, an employment grant of 2.8 million euros and tax allowances of about 44.7 million euros for the new facility which will lead to  a creation of 975 jobs.
The stock opened at Rs 212 and touched a high of Rs 217 as of now. Over 550,000 shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.
 Advertisements

Denzel Washington confirmed for ‘Magnificent Seven’ remakePress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: September 9, 2014 9:45 am
Hollywood star Denzel Washington has been confirmed to star in a remake of ‘The Magnificent Seven’. The 59-year-old actor will again reunite on the project with ‘The Equalizer’ director Antoine Fuqua, who was first linked to a retelling of the 1960 Western earlier this year, reported Variety online.
Producer Jason Blumenthal described the film as wish fulfilment and said, “In a world where a lot of injustice gets all the attention, it’s nice to see a movie where someone is doing something about it.”
Sony Pictures is reportedly looking to develop the film into a franchise, although the producers are being cautious. Producer Todd Black said, “We just want to see this one work. The audience will tell us.”
In a world where a lot of injustice gets all the attention, it's nice to see a movie where someone is doing something about it.

Doval meets top Chinese diplomat to finalise Xi Jinping’s India visitForeign Secretary Sujatha Singh and NSA Ajit Doval. File Photo (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Beijing | Posted: September 9, 2014 9:45 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 9:46 am
National Security Advisor Ajit Doval on Tuesday held talks with China’s top diplomat and State Councillor Yang Jiechi to finalise the arrangements for Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India expected to take place next week.
Doval arrived in Beijing on Monday as the Special Representative of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to make final preparations for Xi’s visit.
The two officials met at the Diaoyutai Guest house to finalise the schedule and agenda for Xi’s visit.
Welcoming Doval, Yang who is also China’s Special Representative for Sino-India border talks, said he highly appreciates Doval’s visit.
It speaks volumes about the importance the Indian side attaches to Xi’s visit and bilateral relations, he said.
“We believe that with specific efforts from both sides President’s visit will be a full success and bilateral relations will be taken to higher level,” he said.
Expressing happiness over Doval taking over as NSA, Yang appreciated his contribution to the bilateral ties.
Appreciating the gesture to receive him at a short notice, Doval said he had brought a special message for Xi from the Prime Minister’s side.
Doval is due to meet Xi later in the day.
During his visit to India, Xi is expected to announce major Chinese investments as well as hold talks with Modi on border dispute as well as China’s plans to revive a number of Silk Road Projects including the Maritime Silk Road.
Doval’s visit is taking place in the immediate backdrop of the cancellation of Xi’s visit to Islamabad planned as part of his first visit to Pakistan, Sri Lanka and India.
Dates for the visit of Xi, also the General Secretary of the ruling Communist Party of China, have not yet been officially announced by both sides.
Initially, Xi was to pay a three-day visit to New Delhi from September 17.
Speculation is rife that in view of the cancellation of the visit to Pakistan, Xi may arrive in India earlier and may visit Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s home state Gujarat before he lands in New Delhi.
Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, who visited Beijing twice including early this month, has laid ground for Xi’s visit by holding extensive talks with Chinese officials on the package of investments as well as measures to address India’s concerns of trade deficit.
China-India are in discussions to modernise Indian railways.
China plans to invest in industrial parks, locations of which are expected to be announced by Xi.
Besides finalising the schedule, Doval’s visit is expected to focus on the political aspects of Xi’s tour, including issues related to the boundary dispute and new routes for Kailash and Manasarovar Yatra.
Yang is China’s Special Representative for boundary negotiations held two rounds of talks with Doval’s predecessor, Shivshankar Menon.
The two sides held 17 rounds of talks and reached a stage to focus on the framework to resolve the dispute.
The next stage was stated to be exchange of maps about the mutual perception of the Line of Actual Control (LAC).
Both the continued…

CRISIL MD CEO Roopa Kudva set to step down from postSep 09, 2014, 09.52 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
CRISIL MD & CEO Roopa Kudva set to step down from post
Kudva has been in the post for 7 years and before that she was the leader of CRISIL’s Ratings business for 7 years
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
CRISIL MD & CEO Roopa Kudva set to step down from post
Kudva has been in the post for 7 years and before that she was the leader of CRISIL’s Ratings business for 7 years
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Rating agency  CRISIL has informed the stock exchanges that Roopa Kudva, Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer (MD & CEO) of the company, has informed the Board of Directors of her intent to leave CRISIL, after the company identifies and appoints a successor and she ensures a smooth transition.
Kudva has been in the post for 7 years and before that she was the leader of CRISIL’s Ratings business for 7 years.
"She believes that from a governance perspective, this is the right time to move on," said the CRISIL release.
About her decision to quit, Kudva said: "Change at the top at judicious intervals, is a sound governance practice and allows companies to refresh themselves. I feel very privileged and am grateful for the opportunities this great company has provided. Importantly, we have built a strong platform for the future and I believe that the best years for CRISIL lie ahead."
CRISIL has commenced search for a successor to Kudva.
CRISIL stock price
On September 10, 2014, CRISIL closed at Rs 1956.55, down Rs 6.75, or 0.34 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2100.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 1010.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 39.55 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 49.47. The latest book value of the company is Rs 85.80 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 22.80.
RELATED NEWS

J&K: Damage to become clear after roads are fixedUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Srinagar: With no telecom or road connectivity between the Jammu region and the Kashmir Valley, the extend of damage due to the floods in Jammu and Kashmir will be known only after the communication lines are restored.
Nearly 1,500 trucks carrying essential supplies to the Kashmir Valley are stranded at various places on the over 300-km long Jammu-Srinagar national highway as stretches of the road have either been washed away by flash floods or have come under a landslide.
The highway has suffered the maximum damage at the Ramsu area of the Ramban district where around 40 meters of the road has been completely washed away.
With no telecom or road connectivity the extend of damage due to the floods will be known only after the communication lines are restored.
The highway remained closed for the sixth day on Tuesday.
The local television and radio stations in Valley have remained off air. Also, there is no telecom connectivity between the Valley and the Jammu region.
Although the authorities on Tuesday said that 160 people had died in the floods in the state, the exact magnitude of death and destruction will be known only later.
Seven bodies were recovered Tuesday morning in Sadal village of the Udhampur district, while the army said 31 people were still missing.
On Monday, the Indian Army carried out seven sorties to help the marooned people in this area.
Two bodied were recovered in the Manmjakot village of Rajouri district late on Monday.
As many as 2,040 houses in the Jammu region alone have become uninhabitable as these have been completely or partially damaged.
The weather was dry in the Jammu region on Tuesday morning, which is likely to facilitate rescue by the Indian Army and other security forces.
The the Mata Vaishno Devi yatra was suspended for the third day on Monday and MK Bhandari, the deputy CEO of the Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine Board, said a decision about resuming the yatra will be taken later in the day.

J&K floods: 7 lakh stranded in Srinagar  landslides in Udhampur leave many deadUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Srinagar: Jammu and Kashmir is facing its worst floods in six decades that have left nearly 200 people dead. Srinagar has practically become an island and over 7 lakh people are stranded there with many areas completely under water.
Cloudy weather in Srinagar could hamper air sorties on Tuesday. The Met Department has predicted rainfall in Jammu too on Tuesday.
In some good news, the Srinagar-Leh National Highway, connecting flood-hit Kashmir with Ladakh, was on Tuesday restored for vehicular traffic, said Army.
Heavy floods and rainfall triggered landslides in the Udhampur district of Jammu. Rescue workers pulled out seven bodies in the Pancheri area of Udhampur. But 40 people are feared trapped under the debris. Nearly 25 houses were buried in the landslide.
A team of the National Disaster Response Force and police have been airlifted to the area to undertake the rescue operation. There are constant landslides in the upper reaches of Jammu even as the water has receded in Jammu.
"Several houses have been damaged, several people are dead, some are missing. The government has not provided any help. There is no food for people who are alive," said an Udhampur resident.
It's not just locals who are stuck in the flood-hit state. A number of tourists and students are also stranded.
More than 23,000 people have been evacuated, but lakhs remain stranded. The valley is cut off as many roads have been washed away.
"Only my husband and I have been rescued. Both my sons are left behind. My house was destroyed. I was stuck on the terrace for three days," said a resident in Srinagar. "I am 60 years old and I have never seen such a situation here. This is really scary," another resident added.
The Army has deployed 215 columns for rescue and relief operations. Naval Diving Teams are also positioned on standby. The Army has said that it is aiming to restore connectivity to Srinagar in the next 4-5 days.
Communication lines have been almost totally snapped. BSNL has told CNN-IBN that communication lines will be up by Tuesday night.
Massive repair work is being carried out on the National Highway. "The houses have been destroyed because they were old. There are still many stuck there. My husband is still there. We were three families. We crossed one house at a time and reached the terrace," a Srinagar resident said.
The area in and around Srinagar's Dal Lake has also been completely flooded. A relief centre has been set up at the nearby Srinagar University. "Water level suddenly rose and entered our house. We had to take refuge in the University campus," said a survivor.
In the Jammu region, though, the Vaishno Devi yatra has resumed.
Meanwhile, help from states has also started pouring in for the flood-ravaged state. Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan has announced an aid of Rs 10 crore while Tamil Nadu has donated Rs 5 crore for flood relief. The United Nations too have offered to help both India and Pakistan.
Helpline numbers:
New Delhi J&K House (011)-24611210 and 24611108
Srinagar-0194-2452138

Saradha scam: TMC tries hard to safeguard Mamata s  honest  image ahead of Assembly pollsUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Kolkata: With the by-polls for the Chowringhee and Dakshin Barasat Assembly seats round the corner, the Trinamool Congress (TMC) is under vicious political attack from its opponents because of its alleged involvement in the Saradha scam. With TMC chief Mamata Banerjee's name getting dragged into the controversy, the party is desperate to safeguard the much-hyped honest image of its leader.
Bharatiya Janata Party President Amit Shah on Sunday alleged that associates of Banerjee are involved in the scam and steps will be taken to put them behind the bars. He said, " We are not afraid of anyone. Those involved in the Saradha scam will be arrested and put in jail."
The war cry by the BJP president in Kolkata on Sunday encapsulates the party's plan for the upcoming assembly by-polls in West Bengal. It plans to rake up the TMC's alleged involvement in the Saradha scam. BJP is considering by-elections a stepping stone to the 2016 Assembly polls.
Shah said, " Mamata Banerjee went on fast for 2000 farmers of Singur and Nandigram. But in this Saradha scam, 17 lakh people have lost their deposits. Why isn't she sitting on a fast? Why hasn't she taken to the roads? It is because her followers are involved."
The CPI(M) too has joined the BJP in cornering TMC. CPI(M) leader Goutam Deb said, "Mamata is aware of each and every transaction that her party made from Saradha funds. So does Mukul Roy."
TMC leader Partha Chatterjee hit back saying, "They have no idea about the reality, they are speaking nonsense like madmen."
But worryingly, arrested Trinamool MP Kunal Ghosh had been the first to implicate Mamata Banerjee, calling her the biggest beneficiary of Saradha's media business. Despite the tight police cordon around him, Ghosh still managed to counter the claims of Trinamool leaders before being whisked away.

Tata JLR launches mid-sized sports sedan Jaguar XE in LondonTata JLR launches mid-sized sports sedan Jaguar XE in London
Aditi Khanna     London   Last Updated: September 9, 2014  | 11:00 IST
A man is reflected in the logo of a Jaguar vehicle at a Jaguar Land Rover showroom in Mumbai (Photo: Reuters)
Tata Motors owned Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) on Tuesday announced the official launch of Jaguar XE in London.
"The Jaguar XE is a vehicle at the very heart of the UK's manufacturing renaissance. It combines pre-eminent British design with British engineering in a special car for customers around the world," Ralf Speth, JLR CEO, told reporters at a briefing on the new model.
"This premium mid-sized sports sedan is the outstanding realisation of two new factories, 2,300 new jobs and around $2 billion of investment in the UK," he added.
The new compact executive saloon is all set to hit the European market early 2015, with the US later in the year and will eventually be available in India and other emerging markets.
"The XE comes with a very exciting driving experience and is intended for the global market. We hope to deliver in China, India and other emerging after its US launch later next year," Speth said.
The aluminium-intensive mid-size premium sports sedan is the first model developed from JLR's new modular vehicle architecture.
The XE will be the first model to get the high tech "Ingeniu engine" - a family of ultra-low-emission, four-cylinder petrol and diesel engines - from the company's Engine Manufacturing Centre.
The company said the facility in Wolverhampton brings JLR engine supply back to its production heartland with a total investment of $500 million and the creation of 1,400 skilled jobs, of which 600 have already been recruited.
This new advanced engine family has been described as highly flexible, scalable and modular and will be used in future Jaguar and Land Rover products.

M&M lines up compact SUVs to take on Ford EcoSport and Renault DusterM&M lines up compact SUVs to take on Ford EcoSport and Renault Duster
Ketan Thakkar, ET Bureau Sep 9, 2014, 10.07AM IST
(Pawan Goenka, president…)
MUMBAI: Mahindra & Mahindra is lining up three major offerings in the compact sport-utility-vehicle segment for launch over the next 18-24 months, as it aims to reclaim space lost to the Ford EcoSport and Renault Duster over the past couple of years.
All the three vehicles will be less than four metres long, a segment that industry experts say is going to be a key driver of passenger vehicle sales and where M&M has only a limited presence. Mahindra is still the local leader in utility vehicle sales, but its market share has fallen to 42% at the end of the fiscal year through March 2014 from more than 55% two years earlier.
Renault meanwhile has grabbed about 9% of the market with the Duster, and Ford captured 8.68% with its sub-4-metre EcoSport. M&M's first compact SUV, the Quanto that failed to sustain the initial excitement, is getting ready for a major midlife facelift, said people with knowledge of the matter.
The project, codenamed U215, includes major design changes which are currently being worked on at M&M's design centre in Italy. The U215 will be positioned between the other two vehicles in the pipeline — M&M's first micro-SUV, dubbed S101, which will create a new entry point for the company and be pitted as an alternative to premium hatchbacks, and the probable Bolero replacement, codenamed U301.
The U301 may co-exist with the Bolero, a vehicle that still has acceptance in the hinterlands. M&M intends to do a Maruti in the compact SUV space, offering an alternative at every Rs 50,000-75,000 price points over the entry-level vehicle, a person close to the company told ETon condition of anonymity.
"All three sub-4 metre SUVs will have different characteristics catering to different segment of buyers. Design will be the key differentiator. The S101 compact SUV has a car-like appearance whereas the U215, the new Quanto, will assume a more rugged appearance than the boxy stance it had when launched," this person said.
According to him, the U301 will have the boldest features with a "Jeep Wrangler-like appearance". An M&M spokesman said the company cannot comment on specific product plans.
"As a general rule, we constantly work on refreshing all our products," he said. The MPV/SUV segment, which makes up for 22%-23% of the overall Indian passenger vehicle sales, is expected to grow in coming years. Industry experts say, the compact SUV market is expected to grow five times to make up almost half a million vehicle at the end of the decade and that the sub-4-meter space is expected to make up for a sizeable share of that. M&M has a strong band of loyal buyers and larger penetration in rural areas, but developing a sub-4-meter vehicle is extremely critical for it to regain its lost market share, said Gaurav Vangaal, senior analyst, forecasting, at consultancy firm IHS Automotive.
The urban sub-compact SUV segment, which did not exist a few years back, is expected to make up for a sizable 20-25% of compact UV space going ahead, he said. "M&M is there with its Quanto, but not with a proper sub-4-metre SUV, so it needs to prepare itself aggressively with more UVs in that space to protect its turf."
Pawan Goenka, president and executive director at Mahindra, has admitted in the past that the company wasn't quick enough to react to the compact SUV wave and that its answer to compact utility-vehicle space has been a year or two late. It seems the lineup of compact SUVs planned by the company is to not just take on existing rivals, but also react proactively to ensuing competition from the likes of Maruti Suzuki and the local units of Hyundai Motor and Honda Motor, who too have lined up sub-4-meter SUVs for launch in the coming two-three years.
  The person close to the company said the face-lifted Quanto will in fact be an interim model for M&M and has a potential of 24,000 units a year, before an all-new Quanto, now dubbed U321, hits the market in 2017.
The U321 is currently getting developed in the US and it will be a versatile platform that can deliver multiple products, from sub-4-metre to bigger 7-seat utility vehicles.
While M&M has seen its bread-andbutter utility vehicles Scorpio and Bolero as well as the XUV 500 selling in healthy numbers, its 'U platform' vehicles - the Quanto, Xylo and Genio - have been a major drag for it. It does not quite end there for M&M. Its R&D centres in India, the US and Italy are buzzing with projects. A face-lifted Scorpio and XUV should hit the market shortly.
It plans to revamp lifestyle offroader Thar, which now gets an underpinning of the U platform, a departure from the legendary MM540 base due to upcoming safety regulations. And, pickup truck Genio will be significantly enhanced in its upcoming facelift to take more abuses, which is very common in the Indian market.
FEATURED ARTICLES

M-cap of BSE-listed firms crosses $1.6 trillionET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
CHENNAI: It is party time on Dalal Street. While shares of about 120 companies have touched their life-time highs, scrips of over 400 firms hit their 52-week highs as markets rose to a new peak yet again on Monday. The benchmark sensex rose 293 points (1.1%) to 27319 points, while the broader nifty also increased by 87 points (1%) to end at 8173 points.
The market capitalization (m-cap) of companies listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange ( BSE ) has crossed the $1.6 trillion mark on the back of strong buying from investors. Investor wealth as measured by the m-cap increased by around Rs 1.3 lakh crore to about Rs 96.5 lakh crore during the day.
The easing of geo-political tensions in Russia-Ukraine led to brent crude prices going below the $100 per barrel mark, which has improved sentiments. "FIIs (foreign institutional investors) are buying in equity segment and easing crude oil prices have boosted market sentiment," said Nidhi Saraswat, senior research analyst, Bonanza Portfolio. "Optimism on growth continued to push up markets. The sentiment remained positive despite the fact that European markets opened in the red during the day," said Dipen Shah, head, private client group research, Kotak Securities .
Stocks of tyre companies surged to all-time highs on the back of a correction in rubber prices. MRF, Ceat, JK Tyre and Goodyear India stocks touched life-time highs in trading on Monday. "Tyre stocks were in limelight as rubber prices have seen correction recently, which can be profitable for companies," Saraswat said.
Pharmaceuticals stocks also had a good run with Cadila and Dr. Reddy hitting life-time highs. The nifty opened with a gain and after trading in range of 8126-8150, surged to fresh record highs of 8,180 level. The index showed strength throughout the trading day and closed on a positive note near the day's high.
Almost all sectors saw buying interest as hopes about implementation of better reforms by the new government kept the market spirit high. The market breadth was positive, but volumes were lower than the last session.
Among the sectoral indices, oil & gas, FMCG and banking were the top gainers, followed by healthcare, realty and auto. Only, consumer durables ended in the negative zone.
"Nifty is seeing almost one sided rally even at higher levels. There are phases of market correction and some consolidation, however, the index is keeping positive bias, and slowly but steadily moving to new record highs," Saraswat said. "Investors must be cautious in their trades and keep doing partial profit booking in rallies. Fresh buying is best considered during correction," he said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Cipla rallies about 2% on tie-up plans with Britain s S&D Pharma; top Sensex gainerCipla rallies over 1% on tie-up plans UK's S&D Pharma; top Sensex gainer
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 9, 2014, 10.37AM IST
(Cipla said this collaboration…)
NEW DELHI: Cipla Ltd rallied as much as 1.6 per cent in trade on Tuesday, a day after the pharmaceutical firm announced commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
At 09:30 a.m.; Cipla was trading 1.3 per cent higher at Rs 570.65. It hit a low of Rs 566 and a high of Rs 572.80 in trade today. The stock is also top Sensex gainer in terms of percentage return.
In a BSE filing, Cipla said this collaboration will enable it to focus on its core therapy areas, while S&D Pharma will be the key partner for generics.
Under the collaboration, Cipla will be drive its respiratory product portfolio in both Czech Republic and Slovakia through a Cipla owned sales force team, managed by Cipla commercial head, the company said in a statement.
S&D Pharma will physically distribute all products, including respiratory products, and this portfolio will increase over the next few years, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Green carnival receives good supportUpdated: September 9, 2014 10:43 IST
Green carnival receives good support
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu Green Carnival 2014, an awareness programme at Pavendar Bharathidasan College, in Tiruchi. Photo: A. Muralitharan
The green carnival organised recently by the Pavendar Bharathidasan Institutions turned out to be an opportunity for students of various colleges and schools to demonstrate the importance of preserving environment.
The students put up stalls on various subjects including bio-diesel, sewage treatment plant, green house, ill effects of plastic, global warming and others. Most of the stalls were well organised.
The beautifully designed stalls suggested that the students worked hard for days to put up attractive models. Each one of them had messages for the visitors on contributing something towards preserving nature and protecting the environment for building a healthy society.
Competitions on elocution, essay writing, short film, wealth out of waste and others were also conducted for school and college students.
Justice Jothimani, Judge, Green Tribunal, who gave prizes to the best participants, said that nature had given everything to humans and animals.
It should not be allowed to degrade and destruction. If it was not checked, it would ultimately affect the people. The green practices should be inculcated from early period.
V. Ponraj, Scientific Advisor to the former President A.P.J. Abdul Kalam, Film Director Vasanth, A.M. Raman, Chairman, Pavendar Bharathidasan Institutions, Ravi Murugaiah, Chairman, Vasan Estates, Rev.Bro. Arul, Principal, Campion School and others participated. Earlier, K. Balamurugan, Regional Passport Officer, inaugurated the green carnival.
As many as 11 eminent persons were awarded for contributing to the society on their respective fields.

Vardhman Polytex s EGM on Sept 16  2014Sep 09, 2014, 10.21 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Vardhman Polytex's EGM on Sept 16, 2014
Vardhman Polytex Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company will be held on September 16, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Vardhman Polytex's EGM on Sept 16, 2014
Vardhman Polytex Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company will be held on September 16, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Vardhman Polytex Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company will be held on September 16, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

EU adopts new Russia sanctions  but delays actionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sensex  Nifty under pressure; banks  metals  cap goods dragThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India s power sector to see light at the end of tunnel soonThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Exclusive - GSK China consumer healthcare unit linked to DOJ probe in 2012Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Subrata Roy gets 15 days more to sell hotelsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

GM recalls 38 328 Cadillacs in ChinaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

I`ll be in bangalore for a week long vacation from sep 27th to oct 5th...New Member
37 Followers
Mate, I am a rare trader. Do it only if i m convicted surely for a fall or rise and that is very rare...
I go with the flow and understand then do it. Know these levels as i check it hard and use metastock and a customised script to run it with all conversions of prices to the software.
The error margin is .1 paise...
In reply to : rahul.bgv message
10.38 AM Sep 9th

Yes today upto now 1 lac share has been traded few week back its vo...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Bought 380 call option at 9 rs. i will sell it at 16 rs today!!!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Exit now targate 2690.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sensex down 65 points; coal blocks allocation case hearing awaitedSensex sheds 55 points on profit booking
Our Bureau
Realty, IT stocks major losers
Mumbai, Sept 9:  
Sensex dipped by 55 points on profit booking.
The benchmark index opened marginally lower at 27,316 against the previous close of 27,320. It made a high of 27,328 and low of 27,177 before closing at 27,265. Turnover on BSE was down at Rs 3,427 crore against Rs 3,602 crore logged in on Monday.
On NSE, Nifty was down 21 points at 8,153.
Ashok Leyland jumped five per cent to Rs 41 after the company said it has bagged orders worth about Rs 1,500 crore to supply buses under JNNURM-II scheme.
Cipla gained two per cent to Rs 575. The company on Monday said it has entered into a commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. The collaboration will enable Cipla to focus on its core therapy areas, while S&D Pharma will be the key partner for generics, it said.
Most aviation stocks gain on consistent fall in crude oil prices. SpiceJet was up four per cent at Rs 14 while Jet Airways was up three per cent at Rs 224.
The major gainers were Ashok Leyland (5%), NHPC (5%), Idea Cellular (5%), Bhushan Steel (5%), Jain Irrigation (5%) and Wockhardt (4%).
Prominent losers were Sobha (-4%), Unitech (-3%), Torrent Power (-3%), Nalco (-3%), GSPL (-3%) and Bata India (-2%).
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)

BSE Sensex recovers over 92 points; NSE Nifty trading above 8 100-markAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Future market outlook:  Buy  Ajanta Pharma  says Vivek GuptaAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

RIL’s GenNext partners with MicrosoftSave this video
Copy URL
Reliance Industries’ venture investment management arm, GenNext Ventures, signed a three-year partnership with Microsoft India through Microsoft Ventures in India to catalyse technology start-up ecosystem. The companies set up GenNext Innovation Hubs, a country-wide initiative.
83

Raghuram Rajan’s first year at RBISave this video
Copy URL
From stemming the rupee’s fall to inflation control and new bank licences, Rajan has made things happen at RBI. Here’s a look at the Raghuram Rajan’s first year at RBI.
47

Thiruvananthapuram   |Guardians of the Sky, a student interaction drive of the Indian Air Force (IAF), which began from Chennai recently, will be in the city this week. The drive, flagged off by Air Officer-in-C... »
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, September 9, 2014
Enter the sprawling Kanakakkunnu Palace premises and a festive mood envelops all, especially the young.The highlight, particularly for children, at the hub of the Onam celebrations in the c... »
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, September 9, 2014
With heavy rains over the past couple of months exposing how ill-equipped the city Corporation is to tackle water-logging in its low-lying areas, its think tank has begun to devise ways to improve... »
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, September 7, 2014
The financial compulsion of the government to use the Rs.6,000 crore raised by floating bonds to meet routine expenditure is feared to push the State into a major development crisis. Though... »
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, September 7, 2014
In an attempt to improve the capital’s quick response system to accidents, the City police are planning to have two ambulances of their own soon after Onam. Two tempo travellers, one from th... »
Thiruvananthapuram, September 7, 2014
Attired in black combat dress, the men presented an incongruous spectacle at the Child Welfare Council here on Saturday. The special forces men of the Kerala State Police Commandos, ‘Thunderbolts... »
Thiruvananthapuram, September 6, 2014
A last-minute decision by the State-run education channel, ViCTERS, not to stream live the nationwide Teachers’ Day address by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday is all set to snowball into a... »
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, September 6, 2014
As though relenting to the wishes of Malayalis, the weather gods deigned to keep the sky clear on Friday. The last working day before Onam was marked by celebrations across the city, at government... »
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, September 5, 2014
The district administration is planning to scale up the annual boat race at the Vellayani Lake, District Collector Biju Prabhakar has said.The administration, in association with the Touris... »
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, September 4, 2014

History & Culture   |Learning about the Queen As I repeatedly keep saying, I learn something new about the city every day — new at least to me. The latest bit of learning came when V. Vasantha, an alum... »
Thiruvananthapuram, September 5, 2014
A hoarding in the city announcing the 152nd anniversary celebration of Ayyankali, the messiah of the Pulaya community of Kerala, describes him as a ‘Raja’. Mahatma Gandhi had also called the so... »
September 4, 2014
Celebrating the Independence Day of India in the US ought to have a special meaning. What is that? As I walked through the Madison Avenue and participated in the ‘Bharat Mata Ki Jai’ my own thinkin... »
September 4, 2014
Elaborate flower arrangements, women and girls dressed in traditional attire and the sound of chenda melams in the background – these are some of the most essential elements of the grand festival o... »
New Delhi, September 1, 2014
In six months from now, Delhiites will be able to see a jharna at the Mehrauli Archaeological Park. Historically, the jharna, located behind Qutub Minar at Jahaz Mahal, earned... »
August 31, 2014
Celebrating your city Madras Day, Madras Week, Madras Fortnight, Madras Month. Call it what you will. And if you are a part of the post-1996 brigade, call it Chennai Day, Week, Fo... »
New Delhi, August 31, 2014
Museum Musings
Continuing with little discoveries, I came across Aditya Arya’s Vintage Camera Museum in Gurgaon. Now it may be a discovery for a lot of us, but the tribe of photography enthusiasts — photography s... »
August 29, 2014
May was winding down to a warm, languid close, and we were heading home after a lazy Sunday spent eating and sleeping in our cottage by the pool. We had almost cleared the gate, when amma saw the... »
August 29, 2014
The general cacophony of urban life recedes into the shadows at the centuries-old Sadar Mahal, part of the residential-cum-museum complex of the erstwhile royal family in Thanjavur. The faded gran... »
August 29, 2014

Know Your English   |What is the difference between ‘jaunt’ and ‘junket’? (Vinay Kumar, Pune) All of us have gone for a jaunt sometime or the other. It is usually a short trip that we take in... »
August 25, 2014
What is the difference between ‘student’ and ‘pupil’? (K. Sankaranarayanan, Madurai) The word ‘student’ comes from the Latin ‘studiare’ meaning ‘to study’. Therefore, any... »
August 11, 2014
How is the expression ‘c’est la vie’ pronounced? (B. Sowmya, Nagpur) There are different ways of pronouncing this French expression. One way is to pronounce the ‘c’est’ li... »
July 28, 2014
What is the meaning of ‘luke’ in ‘lukewarm’? (R. Keshav, Bangalore) The word is normally used to talk about the temperature of something. For example, when you say that th... »
July 14, 2014
What is the difference between ‘pillow talk’ and ‘small talk’? (R Madan, Bhopal) ‘Small talk’ or ‘idle talk’ refers to the polite conversation you have with someone whom y... »
September 1, 2014
“You look happy. What are you smiling about?”“I have every reason to be happy. Remember the builder my father filed a case against nearly 10 years ago? Well, he has been found guilty and has... »
August 18, 2014
“Congratulations! I hear you’ve been promoted. Were there many applicants for the job?” “Yes, but most of the candidates who turned up for the interview weren’t as qualified as me.” ... »
August 4, 2014
“Why are you squinting at the paper in your hand? Something wrong with your eyes?”“No, my eyes are fine. I’m looking at a prescription. Just trying to figure out what the doctor has written.... »
July 21, 2014
What is the meaning and origin of ‘three sheets in the wind’? (M Vijay, Chennai) Sailors used this rather informal expression several hundred years ago to refer to someone... »
July 7, 2014

all world currencies »Google+
Market indexes are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer Morningstar: © 2014  Morningstar, Inc.  All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer The Dow Jones IndexesSM are proprietary to and distributed by Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and have been licensed for use.  All content of the Dow Jones IndexesSM © 2014 is proprietary to Dow Jones & Company, Inc.  Chicago Mercantile Association. The market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.  FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved. Most stock quote data provided by BATS.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

Privacy Policy – UPDATEDCONTACT US
SCOPE AND CONSENT
When you use the online services, you are contracting with NBCUniversal.  If you reside outside of the United States, NBCUniversal is your data controller.  By using the online services, you expressly consent to our collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your  personal information  as described in this Privacy Policy.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Our goal is to collect and use information to deliver effective and personalized services which take your interests and preferences into account, as well as for our legitimate business needs and interests.
 
There are two main types of information we collect about our online users:
Information that identifies you: This is commonly referred to as “personal information” and includes, for example, information that you provide to us such as your name, home address, age, gender, telephone number, e-mail address, payment information (including your credit card number), and/or photos or video footage of you; and
Information that relates to you, but on its own does not identify you: Such as information about your Internet connection, the equipment you use to access our online services and information relating to your usage of those services.
There are six main categories of information we collect about our online services users that include (but are not limited to) the following:
Contact/Registration information: for example, your telephone number or e-mail address, where you have subscribed to a service such as program updates; name, age, gender or interests when you register for an account on one of our online services; delivery address where you are buying a product or service through an online service; or your age, location or delivery address if you choose to enter a competition or sweepstake offered through the online services.
Transaction information: when you order products or services through the online services, you may provide information such as your credit / debit card details and other personal information related to that transaction.
Information that you provide on message boards and other user forums: including your username, images or videos.  Please use caution when posting to messages boards or other forums, as information posted to these portions of the online services is public information.
Information about your equipment: for example, the type and version of your device’s operating system or web browser.  
Information about your interactions with the online services: for example, your Internet protocol or (IP) address, pages that you visit within the online services, gameplay data or other information collected through  Cookies and Tracking Technologies . 
Information that is collected from social networks and publicly available data: if you visit our online services on a device through which you also interact with social networks or if you interact with us through a social media function such as a plug-in (for example, a Facebook “like” button) then you may be permitting us to have on-going access to some information from your social network profile (such as your name, email address, your friend list, photo, age, gender, location, birthday, social networking ID, current city, the people/sites you follow, and so forth). If you don’t want a social network to collect the information about you as described above, or you don’t want to a social network to share it with us and other third parties, please review the privacy settings and instructions of the applicable social network before you visit and use our online services.
We may also receive other information (e.g., content viewed and information about the advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on, etc.) from your interaction with the online services. You agree that we may share your video viewing with, or obtain information about your video viewing from, third-party social media sites for two years or until you withdraw consent.The information we have access to from the third-party social media websites varies by website and is controlled by your privacy settings on that website and by your consent. By associating an account managed by a third party with your NBCUniversal account and authorizing us to have access to this information, you agree that we may collect, use, and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
We collect your information when you use our online services in three main ways:
Directly from you, when you provide it to us: for example, when you request products or services from us, when you register with us, respond to surveys, contact us or otherwise interact with us. Please remember that if others use devices into which you remain logged in, they may share information with us as if they were you, and they may have access to information that you have previously provided us.  To protect your privacy, please log out from the online services you use from shared devices.
Automatically, when you use our online services: we collect information through the use of Cookies and Other Technologies and when you download our Mobile Apps.  Please see our  Cookies and Tracking Technologies , and  Mobile Apps  pages for further information, including your choices in relation to the use of these technologies.
From third parties including social networks, from publicly available records and from our trusted business partners.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use information to:
provide the services you have requested;
create an online services account if you have requested one;
personalize the services offered by us or our affiliates, including providing personalized advertising on some online services (see options for opting-out of personalized advertising  here );
respond to your inquiries, requests, and comments;
allow you to participate in the interactive features of our online services, where you choose to do so;
provide technical support for the online services;
prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities (including copyright infringement) on the online services;
protect the safety of users and others on the online services;
enforce our online services’ terms of service;
understand how online services are used so that we can continuously improve them, and the services we provide to you;
send you service-related communications, including announcements and administrative messages; and
send you newsletters and information about products, services and promotions relating to us and/or our business partners or other organizations that we work with, in accordance with your communication preferences. Please see  Your Rights and Choices  for further information about how you can control these updates.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Information shared among NBCUniversal affiliates.
When you choose to register for an account on any NBCUniversal online service: the information you provide may be shared with NBCUniversal affiliates and used to help us better tailor our services, products and advertising to you. Note that you may be registered for different accounts with different NBCUniversal group companies or in different areas of our business. Please visit the account settings page of the applicable online service if you wish you “de-register” from your account or for more information, or e-mail  privacy@nbcuni.com .
Information collected automatically: this information collected from your interaction with the online services via  Cookies and Tracking Technologies , which may or may not include personal information, may be shared with NBCUniversal affiliates for the purposes of research, analysis, marketing and ad-serving.  For information about this and your choices see  Cookies and Tracking Technologies .
Information shared with trusted third parties:
 
Service providers or business partners that we have retained to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf: Such as for hosting websites, fulfilling transactions, maintaining databases, administering contests, providing technology services and platforms, and processing payments.  These parties are provided only with the personal information or other information they need to perform their functions and can only use and disclose that information as is necessary to perform the services on our behalf, or to comply with legal requirements. We take steps to ensure that third-party service providers will take appropriate steps to protect your personal information.
Social Networks: You may interact with certain features of the online services that cause information to be published to your social networks.  For example, you may click on a Facebook “like” button, which publishes to your Facebook account that you “like” one of our TV shows or movies.  On pages of the online services that contain social network functionality, the social network providing the functionality may be able to collect information about you, even if you don’t use that functionality. For example, if a page within the online services contains a Facebook “like” button, Facebook may be able to collect data about your visit to that page, even if you don’t click on the “like” button. To control this sharing of information, please review the privacy policy of the relevant social network and/or log out of it before you use the online services.
For Mobile Apps: In addition, in relation to  Mobile Apps  we may share your usage and personal information with operating system, platforms providers, carriers and/or other mobile apps either operated by us or third parties. Please see our Mobile Apps section for additional detail.
Information we share with advertisers (including Targeted Advertising)
 
Some online services, including Mobile Apps, may be supported with advertising, and collect data to help the online services serve ads.  This helps keep the cost of online services low or free.
 
We may work with advertisers and third-party advertising networks, who may receive information about how you interact with advertising provided in the online service.  We may also work with consumer data resellers that buy and/or sell information to other companies for multiple purposes including offering products and services that may interest you. These third parties may view, edit or set their own tracking technologies/cookies.  The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this Privacy Policy. They might also obtain information about other applications that you have downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit and other information about you or your device in order to analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the online services and elsewhere. For information about your choices relating to these activities, see  Cookies and Tracking Technologies .
 
Information shared with other parties
In addition, we may disclose your personal information collected through the online services to law enforcement agencies, government/regulatory bodies, and content protection organizations to:
Protect our legal rights, privacy or safety, and those of our subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, agents and contractors or other individuals;
Protect the safety and security of visitors to our online services or other properties;
Protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes;
Respond to inquiries or requests from government, regulatory, law enforcement or public authorities;
Permit us to pursue available remedies, commence, participate in, or defend litigation, or limit the damages that we may sustain;
Comply with the law including with subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, and other legal process; or
Enforce applicable terms of service
Sale or transfer of all or part of our business or assets
We reserve the right to transfer your usage information and personal information in the event we sell or transfer all or a part of our business or assets so that the buyer can continue to offer you the online services. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to provide you with reasonable notice of such transfer, or as otherwise required by law. If you do not want your personal information to be processed following such a transfer, you should contact the subsequent owner of the business.
CHILDREN
Except where otherwise indicated, NBCUniversal online services are general audience sites not designed or intended for use by children under the age of 13. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the online services used by their children. Except where otherwise indicated we do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under the age of 13.
 
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child (who is under 13) has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at  privacy@nbcuni.com . We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We maintain procedural, technical and physical safeguards for our online services to help protect against loss, misuse or unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide on our online services.  We also ask the service providers that help us deliver our online services to so the same.  For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our online services.  Unfortunately, no transmission of data is guaranteed to be completely secure.  It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully.  Therefore, any transmission of personal information to us is made at your own risk.  If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please notify us using the contact details below.
 
Usernames & Passwords
It is important that you protect and maintain the security of any account and that you notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of any NBCUniversal account.  Do not disclose your password to anyone else.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Communication Preferences and Opt-outs
If you have subscribed to one or more of our email newsletters or are receiving them from us and you don’t want them anymore, you can unsubscribe.   Select the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any message, by other means provided to unsubscribe, or using the contact details below, to unsubscribe from marketing and promotional e-mails.  However, you cannot unsubscribe from some service related messages.
 
Mobile Apps
For additional information about your choices in relation to Mobile Apps including information on how to opt out of targeted advertising see the  Mobile Apps policy .
 
Advertising/Cookies and Similar Technologies
For more information about your choices for cookies and similar technology (“Cookies and Tracking Technology”) including where such technology is used to provide targeted or other advertising on our online services please see our  Cookies and Tracking Technologies  policy.
 
Access and Correction
In addition to the functionality provided to you via the online services (such as using “account settings” for registered users), where legally required we provide online visitors with access to their personal information and the ability to review, update and correct it.
Some access requests may be subject to a small fee. To help your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as requiring a password and user ID, and possibly photo ID before granting access to your personal information.  Please contact  privacy@nbcuni.com  for more information about exercising these rights.
 
Data Retention and Deletion
We will retain your data for as long as you use the online services and for a reasonable time thereafter.  If you’d like to delete the data that you provided via the online services please use the settings on the online services or contact us at  privacy@nbcuni.com  and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of this data may be required in order for the online services to function properly, and we may be required to retain certain information by law.
WHERE YOUR INFORMATION WILL BE USED
NBCUniversal is based in the United States and may from time to time transfer your personal information to other countries and make it accessible to any of our affiliates and third-party service providers internationally. Where the transfer of information is to a country which does not provide an adequate level of information protection, NBCUniversal has taken steps to ensure that your personal information receives an appropriate level of protection.
 
If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect, including personal information, may be transferred to, and processed, stored and used in the United States.  Under United States law, your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States.
 
By using our online services and providing your personal information to us you understand and agree that your personal information may be sent to other countries including those which do not provide an equivalent level of information protection as the European Economic Area (EEA).
COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
For more information about the use of Cookies and Other Technology on our online services (including your opt-out choices) please see the  Cookies and Tracking Technologies  policy. Through our Cookies and Tracking Technologies policy, we provide opt-out choices.  The effect of an opt-out will be to stop targeted advertising, but it will still allow the collection of usage data for certain purposes (e.g., research, analytics and internal online services operation purposes).
MOBILE APPS
For more information about our information collection and use practices with respect to online services that are mobile applications (“Mobile Apps”) see the  Mobile Apps  policy.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Notice to California Residents:
 
Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which our online service has disclosed certain personal information (as defined by California law) during the preceding year for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  If you are a California resident and want such a list, please contact us at Chief Privacy Officer, 100 Universal City Plaza, 1280, Universal City, California, 91608-1002, US. For all requests, you must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the body of your request, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code.  In the body of your request, please provide enough information for us to determine if this applies to you.  You need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response.  Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone, email, or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
 
California Business & Professions Code Section 22575(b)(as amended effective January 1, 2014) provides that California residents are entitled to know how NBCUniversal responds to “Do Not Track” browser settings.  NBCUniversal does not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed.  We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created.
 
Links to Other Websites:
 
The online services may contain links to third-party websites for your convenience and / or information (for example, to sites which are provided by our third-party vendors).  If you access other websites using the links provided, you may leave NBCUniversal’s online services.  When you access these other sites, even ones that may contain the NBCUniversal logo, please understand that the operators of these websites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, which may differ from ours and we do not endorse or control the policies or practices of that website.
You should always read the Privacy Policy of any website you access carefully in order to understand their specific privacy and information usage practices.
UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives, changes in the law or technology, or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use.  If we make material revisions to the way we collect or use your personal information so that we are using it for purposes or sharing data with third parties that you have not consented to, we will provide you with notice of those changes and may do so by either:  (1) announcing the change on the home page of our website or (2) taking other actions as we deem appropriate under the circumstances, including without limitation, posting the revised version of this Privacy Policy online. You agree that we may notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a notice on our online services.  You should check our online services frequently for updates.
 
You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the “Last Updated” or similar legend at the top of this page.  Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Internet, accessible through this site.  By continuing to use this online service following such changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes.  If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, in whole or in part, please do not continue using our online services.
CONTACT US
For any queries in relation to this Privacy Policy please contact us at  privacy@nbcuni.com  or Chief Privacy Officer, NBCUniversal Compliance Department, 100 Universal City Plaza, 1280, Universal City, California, 91608-1002, US.
 
For enquiries from outside of the US please contact us at  privacy@nbcuni.com  or Chief Privacy Officer, Central Saint Giles, St Giles High Street, London, WC2H 8NU, UK.

What employers really want Workers they don’t have to trainBy Peter Cappelli September 5
(Bigstock)
Not that long ago, an idea began to circulate that the U.S. economy was going to run out of workers. Consulting firms began pushing the idea, citing each others’reports as evidence. Reporters wrote about it. And a great many people in the private sector and the government swallowed the concept whole. By the mid-2000s, many big employers and even some government agencies were preparing for the Great Labor Shortage to set in by 2010.
While the idea seems preposterous now, something similarly absurd is happening again. Raise your hand if you’ve heard this: There are good jobs out there for people who have skills. But employers can’t find people to hire because high schools are failing and college students aren't majoring in the hard subjects where the jobs are. The economy, as they say, is facing a skills gap. (The latest jobs report , out Friday, shows the lowest hiring numbers in eight months.)
I’ve recently reviewed  all the papers and stories on this question, and there is no more truth to this notion than there was to the labor shortage idea. It got popular attention with media reports about a handful of employers in the depths of the Great Recession who could not fill job openings. Then came a series of papers issued by consultants and business associations asking employers whether they were having difficulty hiring employees. Many were, but the investigators didn’t ask what was difficult, or investigate why.
The real issue is that employers’ expectations — for the skills of new graduates, for what they must invest in training, and for how much they need to pay their employees — have grown increasingly out of step with reality.
The first problem with the skills gap argument is that the employer reports, which form the entire basis of evidence, are about overall hiring rather than jobs filled by recent graduates. In other words, the complaint is really that companies are having trouble finding applicants at all career levels with the right work history, rather than not having enough recent graduates with the skills to be hired. Because the vast majority of job seekers have been out of school for decades, the complaints are really unrelated to what schools are doing now.
When employers are specifically asked about recent graduates, their complaints have nothing to do with academic skills. They often express the same concerns older generations have always had about young people — they are not conscientious enough, they don’t listen, they expect too much. Although you’d never know it from the news, the actual evidence on student achievement shows that U.S. students have actually been doing better over the past generation. Drop-out rates are down significantly, and scores on the standardized National Assessment of Education Progress tests show improvement in both math and English scores.
And while companies may complain young workers aren’t getting the right degrees, students are actually increasingly pursuing vocational majors that they hope employers will like. Business majors, for instance, outnumber liberal arts majors by as much as seven to one, depending on the definitions used. And since 2001, science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) degrees have increased at a rate equal to or greater than the overall increase in bachelor degrees being awarded.
These complaints reveal an unsettling truth: What employers really want are workers they don’t have to train. One of the  studies  I reviewed from the Chronicle of Higher Education asked employers specifically what they were looking for in new college grads. Only one of the top five priorities had to do with candidates’academic experience, even though this was for new graduates who have yet to take a full-time job.
Companies simply haven’t invested much in training their workers. In 1979, young workers got an average of 2.5 weeks of training a year. While data is not easy to come by, around 1995, several surveys of employers found that the average amount of training workers received per year was just under 11 hours, and the most common topic was workplace safety — not building new skills. By 2011, an Accenture study showed that only about a fifth of employees reported getting on-the-job training from their employers over the past five years.
A few of the employer surveys I reviewed do offer some more credible answers for why employers might not be finding the applicants they want. A surprising number admit they aren’t paying enough: Some 30 percent of U.S. employers in a 2014 survey by ManpowerGroup said job seekers were looking for more pay than was being offered. Still, just 14 percent  said they were increasing starting salaries to fight the problem. Some employers also recognize they’re having trouble anticipating their own skill needs.
If something new really has happened, it’s that employer practices have changed. More companies are hiring from the outside rather than growing their own talent from within. This in turn has led to declining tenure among employees, who are more willing to jump ship. The real challenge we face is that if everyone is hiring for the ability to do a job, rather than for the potential to do it well, how does anyone get that initial experience?
Unfortunately, a great many policymakers have bought the skills gap view. Their conclusion is that we should make schools more responsible for training job applicants. Several state legislatures, for example, have been considering proposals to push college students into majors where employers want to hire.
We should rethink this fast. Schools are not good at providing what employers want, which is work-based skills and experience. Instead, employers need to be much more involved, not just in telling schools what they want but in providing opportunities for new grads to get work experience and learn the relevant expertise. We need a different approach: one where  employers are not just consumers of skills, but are part of the system for producing them.
Peter Cappelli is the George W. Taylor professor of management at The Wharton School and Director of Wharton’s Center for Human Resources.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business/on-leadership, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409918940/1409918940000/1409918940 tracking: {authors=Peter Cappelli, blog_name=on-leadership, content_category=Business/on-leadership, in_url_headline=what-employers-really-want-workers-they-dont-have-to-train, post_id=7634, section={section=business/on-leadership, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 12:09:00 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 12:09:00 PM

EXCLUSIVE | Inside Bergdahl’s journalBy Stephanie McCrummen June 11
This camouflage case arrived at the home of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl’s friend Kim Harrison several days after he disappeared in Afghanistan. Inside was Bergdahl’s laptop computer, a journal, a copy of Ayn Rand’s “Atlas Shrugged” and a cracked Kindle, as well as military papers in which Bergdahl named Harrison as the person who would receive his body should he be killed. (Matt McClain/The Washington Post)
Before he became a Taliban prisoner, before he wrote in his journal “I am the lone wolf of deadly nothingness,” before he joined the Army, Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl was discharged from the Coast Guard for psychological reasons, said close friends who were worried about his emotional health at the time.
The 2006 discharge and a trove of Bergdahl’s writing — his handwritten journal along with essays, stories and e-mails provided to The Washington Post — paint a portrait of a deeply complicated and fragile young man who was by his own account struggling to maintain his mental stability from the start of basic training until the moment he walked off his post in eastern Afghanistan in 2009.
“I’m worried,” he wrote in one journal entry before he deployed. “The closer I get to ship day, the calmer the voices are. I’m reverting. I’m getting colder. My feelings are being flushed with the frozen logic and the training, all the unfeeling cold judgment of the darkness.”
A few pages later, he wrote: “I will not lose this mind, this world I have deep inside. I will not lose this passion of beauty.”
At another point, using his often un­or­tho­dox spelling, he wrote: “Trying to keep my self togeather. I’m so tired of the blackness, but what will happen to me without it. Bloody hell why do I keep thinking of this over and over.”
On June 9, 2009, two weeks before he walked away, Bergdahl sent an e-mail to a friend.
“l1nes n0 t g00 d h3rE. tell u when 1 ha ve a si coure 1ine about pl/-\ns,” read the partly coded message, one of Bergdahl’s many references to unspecified plans and dreams of walking away — to China, into the mountains, or, as he says at one point, into “the artist’s painted world, hiding from the fields of blood and screams, hidden from the monster within himself.”
Several days after he vanished, a box containing his blue spiral-bound journal, his laptop computer, a copy of the novel “Atlas Shrugged,” military records and other items arrived at the home of his close friend Kim Harrison, whom Bergdahl designated in his Army paperwork as the person who should receive his remains.
Harrison said she decided to share the journal and computer files with The Post because she is concerned about the portrayal of Bergdahl as a calculating deserter, a characterization she says is at odds with her understanding of him as sensitive and vulnerable.
Bergdahl’s parents declined a request for an interview about their son’s writings and mental health. A military spokesman said questions could not be put to Bergdahl, 28, “at this point in his reintegration process.”
Harrison and others close to Bergdahl said his writing and the events surrounding the Coast Guard discharge raise questions about his mental fitness for military service and how he was accepted into the Army in 2008. Typically, a discharge for psychological reasons would disqualify a potential recruit.
An undated photo of Bergdahl provided to The Washington Post. (Courtesy of Kim Harrison)
Bergdahl dances with Kayla Harrison in this undated photo. (Courtesy of Kim Harrison)
According to Coast Guard records, Bergdahl left the service in early 2006 with an “uncharacterized discharge” after 26 days of basic training. The term applies to people discharged before completing 180 days of service. No reason is specified in such discharges, and a Coast Guard representative said no further information was available.
A senior Army official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, confirmed that the Army was aware of a prior “administrative discharge” when Bergdahl enlisted. A separate Army official, also speaking on the condition of anonymity, said that Bergdahl would have required a waiver to enlist under such circumstances. The official could not immediately confirm that Bergdahl received one.
With two wars raging in Iraq and Afghanistan in 2008, the Army was meeting recruitment goals by issuing waivers that allowed people with criminal records, health conditions and other problems to enlist. According to a 2008 Army War College study on the subject, the Army was issuing waivers at a rate of one for every five recruits at the time.
Whatever the exact circumstances of Bergdahl’s enlistment, the Coast Guard discharge came as no surprise to Harrison and other friends who grew up with him in Ketchum, Idaho, and said he was a poor fit for military service.
“He is the perfect example of a person who should not have gone” to war, said Harrison, who spoke on the condition that she be identified by her former married name because she is concerned about threats. “The only person worse would be someone with a low IQ. In my mind, they didn’t care.”
Harrison only recently brought herself to watch the video of Bergdahl’s release, in which he walks stiffly from a battered Taliban truck to a U.S. helicopter.
In earlier Taliban propaganda videos, she said, she always recognized some part of the Bowe she remembered from Ketchum, some aspect of the good posture he kept or a familiar expression. As she studied his tense muscles and movements in the release video, she said, “I didn’t see any of Bowe left.”
‘Light in this darkness’
The writing in Bergdahl’s journal, e-mails and laptop spans the year before he walked off his post in eastern Afghanistan on June 30, 2009. Harrison has had custody of the material since a few days after that, except for a brief period when she provided it to U.S. government investigators. None of the writing in the journal or computer files references the Taliban, or the politics of the war in Afghanistan, although there are references to modern war generally.
“Really, how pathetic i feel as i listen to people talk of the hell I will be heading to . . . ” he wrote in a computer file titled, “my army memories.” “Compared to hell of the real wars of the past, we are nothing but camping boy scots. Hiding from children behind our heavy armored trucks and our c-wire and sand bagged operating post, we tell our selves that we are not cowards . . . ”
Mostly, the writing describes Bergdahl’s internal thoughts and struggles, from his first journal entry, dated June 11, 2008 — the month he headed to Army basic training in Georgia — to the last e-mail, dated June 27, 2009, three days before his disappearance.
“These are just thoughts in the start of this journey,” the first journal entry began in the careful, slanted handwriting that Harrison said Bergdahl practiced as a teenager to help overcome what she thought was dyslexia. “These thoughts insist on trying to overwhelm my mind. . . . I’ve spent a lot of my life thinking blackness was all I had in front of me, that it would be blackness to the very last instent. I know this is not right. I know that there is light in this darkness, and that I can actuly reach it if I keep walking, keep moving to it.”
Although Bergdahl’s friends in Ketchum were worried about his decision to join the Army, they also described it as “typical Bowe.”
After growing up as a home-schooled kid in the rural fringe of Hailey, Idaho, Bergdahl was drawn to an artistic, free-thinking crowd in the nearby ski town of Ketchum, where he met Harrison when he began taking ballet and fencing lessons at an arts center she ran. He started living away from home, bouncing from couch to couch, and became close friends with Harrison’s son, Shane, and daughter, Kayla. He befriended two other young men who spoke to The Post last week on the condition of anonymity because they also are concerned about threats.
They described Bergdahl as an introspective young man who sometimes painted his fingernails black and identified with Japanese samurai warriors and medieval knights. He was often seen writing in a notebook and reading. He liked to portray himself as a dark, adventurous soul with a chivalrous spirit, a dramatic persona his friends often teased him about.
“There were two sides; one was this guy who was super sweet,” one of his friends said. “At the same time, there was this heady introspection.”
When he turned 18, Bergdahl began taking off on short-lived adventures. He told friends he was joining a sailing crew in Florida, going to France to become part of the French Foreign Legion, or setting out to bike around South America, only to reappear in Ketchum after a month or so.
Then one day in 2006, Bergdahl announced that he was joining the Coast Guard, a decision his friends thought was unwise given his personality. Harrison said she tried to talk him out of it, but finally relented and drove him to a military office in Idaho Falls to take the entrance exam.
Soon after he left Ketchum for basic training, Bergdahl sent her a dozen or so notebook pages filled with tiny writing, diatribes against the rigors of military life. She was alarmed, she said. When he returned after a few weeks, he told her he had gotten out on a psychological discharge.
“He told me he faked it,” she recalled. “I said, ‘You don’t fake a psychological discharge, you have to become unfit.’ I told him that. The reality was it wasn’t okay. I saw it in the letters, the way the writing was changing, the anger.”
Another friend remembered having a similar conversation with Bergdahl.
“I said, ‘What happened?’ ” this friend recalled. “He said he started to feign a psychological disorder, saying strange things to get out. I remember flat out calling him out on it — I said, ‘There is something else going on.’ He said, ‘I chose to do it.’
“I know he believed he was in control, but I didn’t,” the friend added. “I sincerely doubted that.”
Two years later, in early 2008, Bergdahl revealed to Harrison that he had enlisted in the Army.
“I was like, ‘Why and how did you even get in?’ ” she said. “ ‘How did they let you?’ I was furious.”
Chronicling his worries
Bergdahl landed in Georgia for basic training in June 2008, and began filling the blue journal.
On the calendar in the back, he scratched out the days with uniform slashes and dots. Inside, he slipped cut-out Sudoku puzzles with the answers taped on the back.
“A wolf, mutt, hound, dog, I’ve been called these from my childhood,” he wrote in the first few pages. “But what good am I, my existence is that of exile. To live on the fringes of this world as a guard . . . ”
He wrote about what he described as “shallow” and crude minds around him, and “this hell that pools so many fools, and they are all part of the illusion.”
“Bullet sponges,” he wrote at one point. “This is what some of the SEALs call regular Army and other mass ground troops. Its right, the job of a soldier is to basically die.”
At another, “Lightning, there is nothing as truly beautiful as lightning . . . ”
And then, “Puddle of mud, skitsafrentic phyco.”
Bergdahl wrote many character sketches and stories about knights who were philosophers and about a girl who “loves the beauty that she sees in this world.”
“I’m worried,” he wrote a few pages later. “ . . . Remember. REMEMBER. Imagination. Realness. To dream. The Universes. REMEMBER. Cold. Swift. Clear. Calm. Logic. Nothingness. Die here. Become empty here.”
As he prepared to deploy to Afghanistan, Bergdahl began making long lists, including one labeled “Movies 4 My Insanity,” which included the Cary Grant film “Houseboat,” “Mary Poppins,” “The English Patient” and “The Silence of the Lambs.” He wrote about his fantasies and goals.
“One day, if I make it out of this, I will go around the world. I will not use airplanes, but only trains, boats, vehicles, and . . . (if I still have them) my feet.”
“I will learn Russian. I will learn Japanese. I will learn French. I will learn Chines.”
On the final journal page he wrote on, he listed story ideas, the last of which was “a story about one going-crazy-to wander the earth alone.”
On a scrap of paper tucked into the journal, he wrote, “Walk us to the end of this. Walk on. And walk us out of here . . . ”
An undated photo from Bowe Bergdahl’s laptop computer. (Courtesy of Kim Harrison)
‘Pulling away’
Bergdahl was sent to Fort Richardson in Alaska to finish out the year, and by March of 2009, he had arrived in Paktika, Afghanistan, where his post was a football-field-size swath of sand partly surrounded by barbed wire.
Into this beige landscape, Bergdahl brought his new laptop, loaded with dozens of photos of clouds — clouds at sunrise and sunset, in oranges and blues and grays.
As fellow soldiers have described him, Bergdahl was either a brooding, aloof figure, or “a good soldier” who did what he was asked. In a file titled, “threw the brain,” Bergdahl wrote of his new experience, “i’m at an odd place here.”
“Like i’m pulling away from the human world, but getting closer to people,” he continued. “Almost as if its not the people I hate, but society’s ideas and reality that hold them. . . . I want to change so much and all the time, but then my mind just locks down, as if there was some one else in my mind shutting the door in my face. . . . I want to pull my mind out and drop kick it into a deep gorge.”
In a file dated a few days later, repetitions of the phrase “velcro or zipper/velcro or zipper/velcro or zipper” cover nearly two pages.
Bergdahl’s platoon mostly avoided firefights. In May 2009, when the fighting season was underway in Afghanistan, there was one serious battle with the Taliban, and a bungled mission that left him and his fellow soldiers stranded in the mountains for four days.
Bergdahl started writing an account of it on his laptop, describing a mission intended to help recover an armored vehicle that went wrong when his convoy was hit by an improvised explosive device.
“The mission was extended, but little detail . . . for command acts like their guarding some kind of secrets when ever oders are passed out. . . . Hitting the mountain road, which is no more then a cart trail winding its way up a redicoulisly steep mountain face, seat belts are strapped, helmets are tightened, and your subconsciously bracing yourself with your hands and feet . . . ”
He didn’t finish.
“So I don’t care weather my body’s whole or ash,” he e-mailed that month to one of his friends in Ketchum, “preferably whole, it would just feel nicer if my body was thrown into the sea whole, instead of just the ashes being thrown overboard. . . . Thanks.”
On June 7, three weeks before he walked off post, Bergdahl e-mailed Harrison’s daughter, Kayla.
“if at any point in time, kim gets a call from red cross, or the mill, no matter when, in a week, month, or years. . . . Keep her from panic and bad ideas. You know what I do, and ash I am still perfecting, actions may become . . . odd. No red flags. Im good. But plans have begun to form, no time line yet. . . . love you! Bowe.”
Alarmed, Kayla wrote back, “Exactly what kind of plans are you thinking of?”
“l1nes n0 t g00 d h3rE tell u when 1 ha ve a si coure 1ine about pl/-\ns,” Bergdahl wrote back the next day. “There is still time yet for thinking.”
“Just don’t do anything stupid or pointless,” Kayla replied.
“you know I plan better then that,” Bergdahl wrote back.
In a file titled, “If i’ve died_READ,” dated June 8, Bergdahl wrote about the reality of his life as a soldier and the idea of a life as a “storyteller.”
“Tomorrow i may be dead. The thoughts that have come to rest in my conscious and subconscious being. . . . These thoughts have placed themselves in my head. In my protection . . . I will try to use what little time this life gives me, to bring their beauty into the world. . . . This is the story teller’s life.”
On June 14, Bergdahl e-mailed Kayla again saying that he was “looking at a map of afghan” and asking if he could wire money to her or kim “to protect my money in the bank just in case things go bad.”
On June 21, he e-mailed her again.
“how far will a human go to find their complete freedom. . . ” he wrote. “For one’s freedom, do they have the right to destroy the world to gain it?”
On June 27, he sent an e-mail to his friends titled, “Who is John Galt?,” a reference to the hero of Ayn Rand’s novel “Atlas Shrugged,” about individualism in a dystopian America.
“I will serve no bandit, nor lair, for i know John Galt, and understand . . . ” Bergdahl wrote. “This life is too short to serve those who compromise value, and its ethics. i am done compromising.”
Three days later, Bergdahl walked off his post.
Several days after that, a box arrived at Harrison’s home. Bergdahl’s handwriting was on the label.
Among the things inside was his computer and a Ziploc bag containing his blue journal.
“I was freaked out,” Harrison recalled. “To me, it meant he did something stupid, or something crazy.”
Julie Tate, Karen DeYoung and Greg Jaffe contributed to this report.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world, subsection=national-security}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=3, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: {allow_comments=true, allow_photos=false, allow_videos=false, comments_period=14, comments_source=washpost.com, default_sort=, default_tab=, display_comments=true, is_ugc_gallery=false, max_items_to_display=15, max_items_to_display_top=3, moderation_required=false, stream_id=}!!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=3, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1402498980/1402498980000/1402498980 tracking: {authors=Stephanie McCrummen, content_category=National-Security, in_url_headline=bergdahls-writings-reveal-a-fragile-young-man, section={section=world, subsection=national-security}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true, ugc={allow_comments=true, allow_photos=false, allow_videos=false, comments_period=14, comments_source=washpost.com, default_sort=, default_tab=, display_comments=true, is_ugc_gallery=false, max_items_to_display=15, max_items_to_display_top=3, moderation_required=false, stream_id=}} allow_comments: false published_date:Jun 11, 2014 3:03:00 PM close date: Jun 25, 2014 3:03:00 PM

Bloomberg View RSS Feed »©2014 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved
 

more on Healthcare »Early detection will go a long way in mitigating the effects of breast cancer
About GE StepAhead
GE StepAhead is a platform that takes a look at issues that affect us and our future generations. From healthcare to energy, power to aviation and water management to oil and gas. In ways small and big, all these sectors impact our lives. And not to forget, each one of these sectors contributes not just to economic growth, but is also a measure of social progress. So itâ€™s crucial to look at key challenges and opportunities in these sectors and build on them.

Hes hot and happeningUpdated: September 6, 2014 18:48 IST
He’s hot and happening
sudhir srinivasan
"My father told me I needed an ambition as a teenager. I simply wanted to know why it was wrong that I didn't have one."
TOPICS
Tamil cinema
Even his cameos attract deafening applause. It’s Vijay Sethupathi’s time in Tamil cinema, and sudhir srinivasan engages the unconventional actor in conversation during the shooting of Purampokku
At the massive prison set erected inside Binny Mills in Perambur, Vijay Sethupathi, in sky-blue shirt and lungi, has just returned from a lengthy shoot sequence. Apologising for the hour-long delay, he takes us into his air-conditioned caravan, but only after an autograph-and-photo session with a group of fans waiting patiently outside. Finally, he organises refreshments for us, leans back, and settles down for conversation.
Does it feel awkward when people come up for pictures and autographs?
I simply remember that it is not about me at all. Let me explain. Who do we take pictures with? With those we are intimate with, like relatives and friends. People who come to me for photos are those who believe they have created intimacy with me, by investing in my emotions on screen. I respect their sentiment.
Clearly, you are much sought-after today. Has success changed you?
The people around me have changed. I don’t think I have. Wait, I think I may have grown a bit as an actor. So, insofar as my acting ability is concerned, I guess I have changed.
How exactly?
I am more confident and don’t feel self-conscious any more. I have to thank director Gokul with whom I did Idharkuthane Aasaipattai Balakumara, for my present complete lack of inhibition.
In many ways, the film was a training lesson. I came out from it, brimming with vitality.
In a recent interview with us, Arya mentioned admiring your knack for adding detail into your scenes.
(smiles) I offer suggestions, especially when it comes to dialogues. For example, in Purampokku, the film I’m shooting with Arya, I’m supposed to say ‘Nadandhu pogalaam’ in a scene. I felt it would be better if I said, ‘Odanumnu thonudhu sir’ instead. The director agreed with my suggestion. These are the inputs that Arya was probably talking about.
You are also making a debut as a dialogue writer with Orange Mittai. Is this new role an extension of what you just said about dialogue suggestions?
I’m not sure. It was no easy job though. I sat for days without coming up with a single line. As I don’t read much, writing doesn’t come naturally to me. Then, I discovered a method that worked. I’d act in front of a camera, and speak the lines that seemed appropriate for a scene. I’d then watch the video and write down those lines. It’s a laborious process, yes, but it worked for me.
So you had to act as all the characters in the film to be able to write down their dialogues?
Yes. And it wasn’t difficult for me to switch from one character to the other, as I’d already let the story and its characters simmer in my head for months.
After Soodhu Kavvum, you are returning to the role of an elderly man, a 55-year-old this time, in Orange Mittai.
I wasn’t convinced at all that I could do justice. Director Biju made me feel comfortable about it. I’m sure there are people calling me an ‘aarva kolaaru’ (over-enthusiastic) already. I wish they knew that I don’t do these roles to ‘stand out’.
All the films you are working on, with the exception of Mellisai, are multi-hero subjects.
Yes. I’m acting with Kreshna in Vanmham, with Arya and Shaam in Purampokku, with Vishnu in Idam Porul Eval, and with RJ Ramesh in Orange Mittai. Mellisai is my respite. It is a story that breaks traditional notions of safety and security. It talks about how you’re not necessarily secure even when in your home.
As the director told me in his narration, “Unnoticed by you, the town is watching your every move”.
Have you ever watched a foreign film that got you wishing you were a part of it?
I hardly watch any English films. By the time I finish reading the subtitles, the scene is over… (laughs) I’m a big fan of old Tamil films though. There’s an ocean of film knowledge in them for those who care to seek it. Films like Thillana Mohanambal (1968), Rajapat Rangadhurai (1973), Ratha Kanneer (1954), and Puthiya Paravai (1964) move me. Many ingenious scenes lie undetected in such films.
Are the choices of your stories motivated, in a way, by a certain pressure to deliver?
I agree that there is pressure. I was overwhelmed by the reaction of the audience to my cameos in Jigarthanda and Kathai Thiraikathai Vasanam Iyakkam. However, I don’t let the burden of expectations decide my choices. I pay close attention to the kadhayin pokku (story flow), when I’m listening to narrations. I trust my gut feeling with picking the right ones, and aim simply to entertain. I don’t worry about the future. I have never.
Never?
Not even when I was an aimless teenager. My father, a civil engineer, told me I needed ambition. I simply wanted to know why it was wrong that I didn’t have one. In a way, Orange Mitaai, my first production, is like that. The emphasis is on the journey, not the destination.
For a teenager with no aspirations, you have done fairly well for yourself.
(laughs) All credit to my college friends who got me thinking about films by telling me that I looked better in photographs than I do in real life.
And did you take that as an insult or a compliment?
Oops... I think I was too quick in taking it as a compliment!

Obama prepares to set out strategy on IsisSeptember 7, 2014 6:51 pm
Obama to set out strategy to defeat Islamist militants
By Geoff Dyer in Washington and Simeon Kerr in Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ea28422c-369e-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Accel Partners showcases six startups to InfosysAccel Partners
(The discussions were led…)
BANGALORE: Accel Partners snatched an opportunity to impress cash-rich Infosys when the Silicon Valley-based venture capital fund pitched at least two portfolio companies to the Bangalore-based outsourcer, according to two people with direct knowledge of the development.
Accel Partners, which counts Facebook and Flipkart among its portfolio firms, showcased six startups, including CrowdAnalytix and Paxata, before the senior management of Infosys, which is closing in to make its first investment from the $100-million (Rs 602-crore) fund dedicated to invest in disruptive startups. ET could not independently verify the names of the four other startups discussed with Infosys.
Infosys has been lagging its peers in growth but has over $5 billion (Rs 30,000 crore) surplus cash on its books. Although Sikka has had discussions with other VCs in August, Accel for now remains the only venture capitalist which has made a pitch to the country's second-largest software exporter, said a person familiar with the development.
The discussions were led by Infosys Chief Executive Vishal Sikka and Accel Partners' Dinesh Katiyar, who has known Sikka since the time both were at Stanford in the mid-90s. Katiyar confirmed to ET that he had met Sikka and senior ranks of Infosys but declined to share details. Another executive familiar with the development said Infosys' management until now has not started discussions with any of the startups.
"It's too early to say how much stake the company (Infosys) will pick in the startups," said the executive, adding that Infosys could make an investment in only one startup for now.It is not clear yet if Infosys' management has come to a decision but the executives said that since Accel is an investor in both the data-focused startups, the company may wait until the last round of discussions before it begins talks with the startups.
"Vishal (Sikka) and other senior executives have met with venture capital firms to explore potential partnerships with companies in their portfolio," said a spokeswoman for Infosys in an email response. "We are encouraged with the interest that the innovation ecosystem has shown. We cannot comment on specific companies at this time."
An email sent to Accel Partners remained unanswered. Both CrowdAnalytix and Paxata declined comment. Infosys' desire to look at data-focused startups mirrors the strategy being adopted by homegrown IT outsourcers, including Wipro, which are looking to pick up a small equity in a startup and then take the technology platform to clients.
Bangalore-based Wipro has already picked up over 14 per cent stake in New Jersey-based data analytics firm Opera Solutions. Globally too, Intel, Cisco and Dell have dedicated corporate ventures for investing in startups and mature ideas that are disruptive.
"It makes sense for IT service companies to invest in startups because they are not merely making a financial investment but are also backing the technology which they believe has the future," said Sid Pai, Asia-Pacific president at outsourcing advisory ISG.
Last month, Infosys' Chief Operating Officer UB Pravin Rao told investors the company is looking to integrate some of the technology platforms with its own offerings as it evaluates startups.
  "A couple of weeks back we had one of the large VCs showcase 6 or 7 startups, so we have started the evaluation process," Rao said at the Motilal Oswal investor conference in Mumbai on August 26.
Sunnyvale, California-based CrowdAnalytix is a cloud-based, crowd-sourced startup that uses public sources of data to support analytic requirements of enterprises. It was founded in 2011 by Divyabh Mishra and claims to have a revenue run rate of $1 million (Rs 6 crore). Paxata, founded in January 2012 in Redwood City, California, provides enterprises with self-service data preparation software that does not require coding.
Prakash Nanduri is the only Indian among the four co-founders. The startup has raised $10 million (.`60 crore) until now, of which Accel has made an $8 million (Rs 48 crore) bet.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Social enterprise Incubator Villgro invests in three start-ups(Ujjeewan Healthcare, Aindra…)
By Shonali Advani
BANGALORE: Social enterprise Incubator Villgro has invested in three startups, marking its first set of funding this fiscal year. It is targeting to invest in 25-30 more startups by the end of the fiscal year.
Ujjeewan Healthcare , Aindra Systems and Scholowiz Educational Solutions , all early-stage companies, have secured funding from Villgro.
The incubator is launching an early-stage social impact fund by March 2015 with an initial corpus of Rs 20 crore, primarily to support its incubation work. "We've received commitment for a little over 50 per cent of the fund size and looking to make up the balance," said chief operating officer PR Ganapathy.
Unwilling to disclose more, he said some of those who made the commitment are from the donor foundations already supporting Villgro's work. Ten foundations, including Rockefeller , Citi and Lemelson fund Villgro's activities through grants.
The new investments range betweenRs 6 and Rs 8 lakh, to be used to scale up businesses. Villgro will work with these startups to build business models and go-to market strategies around their ideas. "If they hit certain milestones, we can fund them with up to Rs 65 lakh over three years," Ganapathy said.
Villgro hasn't taken any equity stake in these startups because of legal constraints on them as notfor-profit with foreign contributions.
However, once it gives out substantial money, a portion can be given as returnable capital. "We won't take a stake now as they're very early stage with unproven models," Ganapathy said. Ujjeewan provides telemedicine and primary medical services in West Bengal under the brand 'Healthypariwar'.
"We will use the funding to install additional infrastructure and mobile units to reach interior parts of villages, train our workers and hire more people," said Ujjeewan founder and chief executive Manish Kumar. It claims to have treated 2,000 patients to date and has two physical health centers, three healthcare workers and one mobile unit.
Scholowiz, which provides professional development programmes for teachers, is at pre-revenue stage. It has completed a pilot programme in eight schools and use the fund to strengthen it solutions.
Aindra is developing a device that can be deployed at low cost to assist with screening and detection of cervical cancer among women. The project is at the proof-of-concept stage and Aindra plans to use the funding to build a working prototype of its device.
Villgro typically stays invested in a company for three-four years, until they are ready to attract funding from an impact investor. Recent exits include Chennai-based Uniphore Software Systems.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Uber in talks with firms to integrate digital wallet in IndiaUber in talks with firms to integrate digital wallet in India
Radhika P Nair & Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
cab service
(Uber is in talks with firms…)
BANGALORE: Global taxi-hailing company Uber is in talks with firms providing digital wallets and payment gateways in India as it looks to become compliant with local regulations.
The Reserve Bank of India shut a loophole last month by clarifying that online payments taking place between two Indian 'residents' cannot bypass two-factor authentication. Besides the additional authentication, the central bank also wanted transactions to be carried out in Indian rupees and not dollars.
Uber stores credit card details of passengers and automatically charges the card once the taxi ride is over without two-factor authentication as it uses an international payment gateway. Companies such as Uber now have until October 31 to become compliant.
"They are working on integrating a mobile wallet into their application," said a person with direct knowledge of the discussions. "It will most likely be Paytm. The integration will take some time as it has to go through the Uber process." Paytm and Uber, when contacted, declined to speak on this matter.
Mobile internet services company One97 Communications, founded by 34-year-old Vijay Shekhar Sharma in 2010, launched the Paytm mobile wallet in February. Last year it received a licence to launch a semi-closed wallet, where users can digitally store cash for mobile and online transactions but cannot withdraw money.
Paytm has 12 million mobile wallet users. Uber, which launched India operations last year, will also most likely partner with payment gateway PayU, owned by South African internet giant Naspers, said two people with direct knowledge of the discussions.
PayU is run by Nitin Gupta, 31, a graduate of IIM Ahmadabad and former investment banker at Lehman Brothers. Its customers include Snapdeal, Jabong, Bookmyshow, BigBasket and Groupon India. The company declined to comment. While these partnerships will help Uber become compliant, it could open up a lot of other issues, said experts.
"Consumers do not like keeping significant amounts with wallet service providers. That will be a challenge," said Rahul Chowdhri, partner at Helion Venture Partners.
Helion is an investor in taxi aggregator TaxiFor-Sure , which has introduced electronic card swipe machines in the taxis on its network. While RBI allows users to store up to Rs 50,000 in semi-closed wallets, about 50 per cent of all telecom wallet users keep less than Rs 50 in their accounts, according to industry estimates. Bad internet connectivity in India is another issue.
"The one-click smooth seamless payment offering of Uber will vanish," said Alok Mehta, director at payment processing firm Atom Technologies. He said the biggest challenge will be the customer getting the onetime PIN required for the two-factor authentication, quickly.
"Ecommerce companies, unlike Uber, first take the payment and then deliver the service or goods. A passenger is not going to wait for more than two minutes to authenticate payment and would rather pay in cash and move on."
Goldman Sachs and Google Ventures backed Uber has been facing a backlash from local taxi operators and regulators in many countries including Germany, Singapore and lately India. In August, Indian radio taxi providers, including Meru Cab, Easy Cabs and Mega Cab, filed a complaint with the RBI alleging foreign exchange violations by the American firm.
But the company has so far powered ahead with its expansion — launching in four cities in India simultaneously last month. It now operates in 10 cities in the country, making India its largest market outside the US.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Goldman Sachs raises Nifty target to 9000 for September 2015. Is it too conservative a targetCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Isis threat to crucial dam containedLast updated: September 8, 2014 9:22 am
Isis threat to Iraq’s crucial Haditha dam contained
By Borzou Daragahi in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c35a3af0-3668-11e4-95d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Minimum Rs. 50-cr net worth for MFs is necessary: SEBI    Minimum Rs. 50-cr net worth for MFs is necessary: SEBI
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 08, 2014 12:57 IST
Earlier this year, SEBI has increased the minimum net worth requirement for mutual funds to Rs 50 crore from Rs 10 crore
 
 
SEBI chairman UK Sinha has said minimum net worth of Rs 50-crore for mutual funds is necessary to keep away non-serious players.
The SEBI Chairman also cautioned that close down of even a small player could be as fatal as that of a large company for entire financial system.Earlier this year, SEBI has increased the minimum net worth requirement for mutual funds to Rs 50 crore from Rs 10 crore.  
Indices could swing at new highs!
India Infoline Research Team / 08:59, Sep 02, 2014
The indices are expect to open on a positive note. Some profit booking could always set in later in the day.
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Grand  big picture reforms to take time: Rajan    Grand, big picture reforms to take time: Rajan
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 08, 2014 09:32 IST
The RBI is aiming to bring down the headline number to 8% by end of this year and to 6% by the end of next year
 
 
RBI governor Raghuram Rajan said that the government and Reserve Bank of India will negotiate to formulate a monetary framework for the central bank this year.
The monetary frame work will lay more emphasis on inflation. Since 1934 we have not figured out a framework for the RBI, he added.
Rajan further said that the RBI is aiming to bring down the headline number to 8% by end of this year and to 6% by the end of next year.
Speaking at an event organized in Chicago by the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, Rajan said the new government may take time to introduce "grand, big picture reforms" as it is currently focusing on implementation of stalled projects worth $50-$70 billion.
Rajan further said, People have been expecting major changes very quickly from the new government and harboured the belief that it would be moving fast on a "number of dimensions that the people want them to move on".
According to Rajan, the Narendra Modi government has "stuck to the path the old government laid out" to show that there was continuity and this has benefited India in the eyes of the international investors.
Rajan noted that in the short run, a number of states in India are moving ahead with labour and land acquisition reforms.
We are still focused on macro stabilisation. Current account deficit, fiscal deficit, inflation, all those numbers hopefully will be better going forward, he said.
Indices could swing at new highs!
India Infoline Research Team / 08:59, Sep 02, 2014
The indices are expect to open on a positive note. Some profit booking could always set in later in the day.
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Five steps to achieve financial freedom    Five steps to achieve financial freedom
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 08, 2014 11:12 IST
Setting financial goals is the primary step of ladder to financial freedom. It is recommended to write down financial goals ranging from short term to long term, like paying of home loan, buying a car or going on a vacation abroad
 
 
Each one of us aspire to achieve financial freedom, which can only come by taking more control of one's finances and strengthening the weaknesses. Financial freedom should not be confused with obsessing for money, but it is all about sitting relaxed and contended that the financial goals have been taken care of. Here are the list of some smart tips to getting that financial freedom.
 
Start with Financial Goals
Setting financial goals is the primary step of ladder to financial freedom. It is recommended to write down financial goals ranging from short term to long term, like paying of home loan, buying a car or going on a vacation abroad. The goals should specify the time and amount of money so that an appropriate amount of saving could be allocated to these goals.
 
Track your money
There are various mobile apps as well as online solutions available in India, which record daily expenses and provide an easy snapshot of the money spent. Keeping tab on every day expenses help figure out impulsive spending habits, which in turn greatly influences the way one manages his/her money. Also, tracking will help you to know if you are running on deficit or surplus by the end of month, which again could help straigten out usage of credit cards and other borrowings.
 
Budgeting
Tracking money for a few months will give a fair idea of spending pattern and it would help a person to prepare a budget on a more accurate basis. Though it sounds boring, but nearly half of the wealthy people cling to their budgeting habits, it simply saves from unnecessary cash outflow.
 
Emergency Fund
In India, people seldom give thought to having an emergency fund and even if some do have provisioning then it falls short of an ideal emergency corpus. Times are uncertain and there are higher chances that a person could face certain emergencies in day-to-day life, like a car repair or a huge credit card bill, owing to some surprise purchases, and, an emergency fund could just relieve you from a drag down on your monthly budget. Financial advisors recommend an individual to keep a minimum corpus of three to four months of expenses as emergency corpus, which should be easily accessible. 
 
In company of others
People tend to get inspired by others surrounding them more easily then by following some set principles or someone who is preaching from far off. Thus, it is prudent to be in the company of those who are financially more settled and free. Financial abilities are often reflected in the everyday activities of financially sound people, and its never too late to learn. 

FY15 budget has strong growth impulses: Finance Secretary    FY15 budget has strong growth impulses: Finance Secretary
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 08, 2014 13:55 IST
Arvind Mayaram has asked the expenditure management committee to look into subsidy rationalisation
 
 
Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram today said the Moody's officials were concerned about India's fiscal deficit. There is an expectation that FY15 growth could be 5.7-5.9%.
The Finance Secretary added that the FY15 budget has strong growth impulses. Mayaram has asked the expenditure management committee to look into subsidy rationalisation.
Moody's believes Indian economy is doing well, Mayaram added. He further hopes that government's FY15 divestment plan will be successful.  
Indices could swing at new highs!
India Infoline Research Team / 08:59, Sep 02, 2014
The indices are expect to open on a positive note. Some profit booking could always set in later in the day.
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

More Mobiles & Tablets »Korean technology giant Samsung has commenced sale of its latest and premium smartphone Note 4 f... »
San Francisco, Sept 10  
Apple gives NFC chip tech a prized seal of approval
Reuters
Apple Inc's long-awaited launch of tap-to-pay technology in its new iPhones and smartwatch may be the seal of approval that near-field communication (NFC) technology needs to become as commonplace... »
San Francisco, Sept 9  
Apple to unveil new devices today
PTI
Apple pulls back the curtain today on its latest innovations, amid frenzied anticipation over new big-screen iPhones and possibly an “iWatch” which could shake up the world of wearable computing.<... »
New Delhi, Sept 8  
Micromax launches Canvas Nitro A310 at Rs 12,990
S Ronendra Singh
The country's second largest smartphone maker, Micromax, on Monday launched a new handset, Canvas Nitro A310, priced at Rs 12,990. The new smartphone from the company will be exclusively... »
New Delhi, Sept 5  
Microsoft launches Nokia X2 in India for Rs 8,699
PTI
Beefing up its budget smartphone portfolio, Microsoft Devices today launched Nokia X2, priced at Rs 8,699, in India to compete more aggressively with the likes of Samsung as well as homegrown firm... »
Berlin, September 4  
Devices likely to be released next month
Sabyasachi Biswas
Juha Alakarhu, Head of Imaging, Nokia, told BusinessLine that Nokia is proud to have brought down the form factor of the camera and retaining the phones shape to the slimmest possible. ... »
September 4, 2014
Betting big with the Mini
Sabyasachi Biswas
When you compare Oppo with the existing smartphone brands, is still a relatively new player in the Indian smartphone market. But that’s not to say that the Chinese smartphone maker is immature – o... »
Berlin, Sep 4  
Microsoft launches 3 new Lumia smartphones
PTI
Software giant Microsoft today launched three new Lumia smartphones, including one designed for “selfie” enthusiasts, in a bid to expand its portfolio as it battles the likes of Samsung and Apple... »
Berlin, Sept. 3  
Samsung unveils Galaxy Note 4, Galaxy Note Edge
PTI
Korean giant Samsung on Wednesday unveiled the latest version of its phablet, Note 4, along with Galaxy Note Edge as it looks to defend its leadership against the likes of Apple in the global smar... »
Mumbai, September 1  
BlackBerry-Idea to offer 1GB data
Our Bureau
Canadian handset maker BlackBerry has partnered with GSM operator Idea Cellular to offer 1GB data plan to its customers. Under the offer, Idea users with BlackBerry OS 7 devic... »
New Delhi, Aug 29  
Spice unveils Firefox OS smartphone for Rs 2,299
PTI
Aimed at capturing a larger chunk of the booming affordable smartphone market in India, domestic handset maker Spice today launched its new Firefox OS—powered smartphone, priced at Rs 2,299.
»

Average American doing  very badly : Survey   Average American doing 'very badly': Survey
Monday,  8 Sep 2014 |  8:08  AM ET
Michael Porter, Harvard Business School professor, reveals the results of a recent study on U.S. competitiveness. What's not going well is America as a place to invest and create jobs, says Porter.
SHARES

When bad news is good news   When bad news is good news
Monday,  8 Sep 2014 |  6:09  AM ET
Jim O'Sullivan, High Frequency Economics, and Charles Campbell, MKM Partners, discuss Friday's weaker than expected jobs report and its impact on the markets. I suspect the number will be revised up, says Campbell.
SHARES

Kizad CEO on the Abu Dhabi Economic Plan 2030   Kizad CEO on the Abu Dhabi Economic Plan 2030
Sunday,  7 Sep 2014 |  7:00  PM ET
Khaled Salmeen al Kawari, CEO and managing director of Kizad, explains how the group is working on the Abu Dhabi's Economic Plan 2030 - created to diversify the Emirate's economy.
SHARES

I am a little bit surprised for me to play the final  says NishikoriThe 24-year-old Japanese ace beat Djokovic in stifling heat to become the first man from Asia to reach a Grand Slam singles final. (Source: Source: Reuters)
Agence-France Presse | Posted: September 8, 2014 7:24 pm
Japan’s Kei Nishikori, the first Asian man to make a Grand Slam final, faces fellow first-timer Marin Cilic for the US Open title today hoping to open a new frontier in tennis in Asia.
After top seeds Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer were disposed of in the semi-finals, the championship match will be the first not to feature either Djokovic, Federer or Rafael Nadal since the 2005 Australian Open.
No wonder Nishikori is still pinching himself after knocking out Wimbledon champion and seven-time Grand Slam winner Djokovic in the semi-finals.
“I am a little bit surprised for me to play the final,” said the 24-year-old, whose previous best Grand Slam run had been a quarter-final at the 2012 Australian Open.
His win over Djokovic, his second in three career meetings with the world number one, followed a five-set quarter-final triumph over fifth seed Milos Raonic and another five-set, four and a quarter-hour marathon against third-seeded Australian Open champion Stan Wawrinka.
His success comes despite his having to sit out the Toronto and Cincinnati Masters on the eve of the US Open to have a cyst removed from his toe, a painful problem which almost forced him to skip New York.
“I just started playing points a few days ago before the tournament. I didn’t even know if I should come to New York, so I wasn’t expecting anything actually,” said the 10th seed.
His coach Michael Chang, a Grand Slam champion at the 1989 French Open, believes a Nishikori triumph could have the same impact as Li Na’s breakthrough major at Roland Garros in 2011.
“Obviously with Li Na having as much success as she’s had the past few years and Kei’s done very well,” said Chang.
“This year’s really been a breakthrough year for him and I wouldn’t be surprised if that really propels a lot of Asian tennis, particularly on the men’s side because women have really been doing well.
“It’s going to give them a lot of confidence to go out and play. A great example is what Venus and Serena have done for young American women.”
If form is any guide, then Nishikori should race away with the title as he boasts a 5-2 record over the 25-year-old Croat, including both meetings this year, on hard court in Brisbane and on Barcelona clay.
However, they have split their two past US Open duels, with Nishikori winning in 2010 and Cilic coming out on top two years ago.
“He’s been playing really well, very aggressive, very fast tennis. I know he’s been getting stronger,” said Nishikori, just one of many players who sharpened his skills at the Bollettieri academy in Florida.
The quietly-spoken Japanese continued…

Bankers face partnership squeezeSeptember 8, 2014 3:31 pm
Bankers face squeeze on partnership prospects
By Tom Braithwaite and Daniel Schäfer
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ad6463e4-34b3-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BOX OFFICE: Amid dismal season  ‘Guardians’ becomes only 4th four-time champ in a decadeRocket Raccoon (voiced by Bradley Cooper) in “GOTG.” (Marvel/Disney.)
 
“GUARDIANS” might be able to save the galaxy, but Star-Lord can do only so much to boost the dimmed starpower of the early September box office.
Disney/Marvel’s “Guardians of the Galaxy” won its third straight weekend — and fourth overall — by grossing $10.2 million domestically, according to studio estimates. Final numbers are due later today.
Yet the weekend’s top-12 films grossed just $51.9 million — meaning that the box office came within a Baby Groot of its worst weekend in six years, when the top-12 grossed $50.3 million, according to BoxOfficeMojo.com.
Thanks to the depressed late-summer box office, “Guardians” also equaled a feat achieved by just three other films in the past decade, says Box Office Mojo: Only “Avatar,” “The Dark Knight” and “The Hunger Games” had won four weekend frames since 2004.
“Guardians” is now the highest-grossing August release ever — hitting $294.6 million — and overall, has a fellow Marvel character, “Iron Man” ($318-million), in its sights. (“Guardians” has also grossed $586-million worldwide — as it flies past the first “Iron Man’s” global take of $585.2 million.”)
But much outside of “Guardians” and “Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles” — which was second for the weekend with $6.5 million — it’s mostly been a dismal domestic summer commercially.
In other words: Only fast-talking cartoon animals have really pulled in the masses this season.
Much beyond that, it’s been a lackluster summer with plummeting admission, sparking renewed concerns that Hollywood has much larger problems on the horizon with its blockbuster business model. In other words: When the center tentpoles topple, see how fast Hollywood’s seasonal circus collapses.
FUN WITH NUMBERS
* Of the four four-time weekend champs of the past decade, Zoe Saldana — albeit in different tints — has starred in two: “Guardians of the Galaxy” and “Avatar.”
* “Guardians” is on track to becoming the only 2014 release to top the $300-million mark domestically.
* Nine films have cracked the $200-million mark domestically this year. All nine have ties to comic books or animation.
 Here are the top 10 films in North America theaters for the weekend ending Sept. 8: 
1. “Guardians of the Galaxy” (Buena Vista), $10.16 million; 2. “Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles” (Paramount), $6.5 million; 3. “If I Stay” (Warner Bros.), $5.75 million; 4. “Let’s Be Cops” (Fox), $5.4 million; 5. “The November Man” (Relativity), $4.2 million; 6. “As Above/So Below” (Universal), $3.72 million; 7. “When the Game Stands Tall” (TriStar), $3.7 million; 8. “The Giver” (Weinstein Co.), $3.59 million; 9. “The Hundred-Foot Journey” (Buena Vista), $3.2 million; 10. “Lucy” (Universal), $1.95 million.
 

The economics of reclining your airplane seat aren’t so simpleBy James Johnson September 8
(iStock)
Social scientists often advance statistical analyses that are hedged about with confidence intervals or theoretical arguments that trade upon precise initial conditions. Unfortunately, journalists are apt to invoke such analyses in ways that ignore such qualifications. In a recent post Josh Barro provides an example by misinterpreting one theoretical argument commonly known as “the Coase Theorem.”
Barro is commenting on a fracas aboard United Airlines flight 1462 last week. One passenger attached an apparatus to the seat in front of him preventing the woman occupying that seat from activating its recline function. When asked by a flight attendant to remove the apparatus the man refused. This caused mayhem that resulted in the pilot diverting the flight so that both passengers could be removed from the plane and reported to the authorities.
Barro declares himself a frequent flier and unrepentant recliner. He seems genuinely perplexed by the animus toward people like himself, reflected in media commentary, this fracas reveals. In his defense Barro invokes the “Coase Theorem” which, he believes, provides useful advice for how to avoid situations like the one that erupted on United 1462. He poses this question: “If sitting behind my reclined seat was such misery, if recliners like me are ‘monsters,’ as Mark Hemingway of The Weekly Standard puts it , why is nobody willing to pay me to stop?” Unfortunately for Barro, the Coase Theorem does not support the conclusion he draws. If we consider what the Coase Theorem actually says, we won’t be surprised either by the events on United 1462 or by the fact that no one offers Barro money to change his reclining ways.
The theorem in question is named after Ronald Coase, who won the Nobel Prize in 1991 for his work highlighting the importance of “transaction costs” for understanding how political and economic institutions emerge and operate. Coase’s basic insight was that market transactions are costly. The costs accrue from activities such as searching out trading partners, negotiating and drafting contracts, and monitoring compliance with negotiated agreements. Many economists interpret political and legal institutions as ways of minimizing such costs.
Coase is best known for the argument he makes in “ The Problem of Social Cost .” There he examines the indirect consequences — commonly known as externalities — of economic interaction. He argues that in the absence of transaction costs, if economic exchange generates harmful indirect consequences the individuals involved can bargain their way to an agreement that will resolve their dispute. The resulting agreement will have three remarkable features. First, it will not rely on centralized political or legal institutions. Second, it will be invariant, meaning that the individuals will reach the same agreement regardless of how the initial distribution of property rights might assign liability for the externality. Finally, it will be efficient, in the sense that it maximizes what Coase calls “total social product.”
Coase’s argument appears to generalize the virtues of decentralized market exchange, namely voluntary action generating efficient outcomes, to situations of strategic interdependence where markets tend to function poorly, if at all. For it to work, however, two conditions must hold. First, the initial distribution of property rights must be well defined. Second, transaction costs must be zero. This is where Barro goes astray. In the dispute between recliners and reclined upon, neither condition obtains.
Barro recognizes the first condition. He insists that, having purchased a seat with a recline option, passengers “own the right to recline.” Consequently, by installing an apparatus on the seatback in front of him, the man on United 1462, “usurped his fellow passenger’s property rights.” This claim is contestable. What is at issue is increasingly limited space and access to it. And if crew member instructions provide any indication, passengers “own the right” to the space under the seat in front of them where they are told to place their carry-on items. Recliners limit the reclined-upon passenger’s access to that space and any belongings stowed there. Moreover, passengers purchase a seat with a tray table and arguably “own the right” to use it for a variety of purposes. Reclining often interferes with that right as well. The airlines and the government treat recline function and tray tables as equivalent in their safety instructions: “In preparation for landing please make sure your tray table is stowed and your seat back is in the upright and locked position.” Despite his confident assertion, Barro is mistaken to assert that property rights to space for airline passengers are well-defined.
Even if you accept Barro’s view of property rights, what about transaction costs? Here Barro is sloppy. He depicts the dispute between recliners and reclined upon as one where “transaction costs are low.” Coase, however, insists that for his argument to work, transaction costs must be zero. Not low. Zero. Yet the reclined upon face substantial transaction costs. Most obviously, information problems abound, even beyond the ambiguous distribution of property rights. It would be costly to discern which type of person they might be bargaining with. Are they sitting behind an inveterate recliner and who might turn belligerent if asked not to recline, even for a price? Is the passenger in front of them a moralist who will take offense at the very suggestion of treating one another as bargaining partners rather than relying on norms of decency and respect? Other such possibilities are plentiful. Barro simply dismisses such problems because it suits his claim that, if only they would try, the reclined upon could easily buy off recliners like himself.
In retrospect, Coase regularly speaks of “the so called ‘Coase Theorem’” in order to distinguish his actual argument from interpretations like Barro’s. Coase recognizes that we inhabit a world not of zero transaction costs, or even one that, as Barro imagines, is ‘close enough,’ but a world pervaded by them. Disputes between recliners and the reclined upon therefore would not surprise him. He surely would not suppose, as Barro does, that we might overcome such disputes by buying one another off in an informal, decentralized way. That is possible only in the fictional world of zero transaction costs. Instead, he would point out that it is crucially important to clearly assign property rights at the outset. That recommendation takes the onus off passengers and places it squarely on the airlines who, after all, are the ones responsible not just for distributing property rights among passengers, but for putting increasing pressure on the space available to both recliners and those they recline upon.
James Johnson is a professor of political science at the University of Rochester.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410199210/1410199210000/1410199210 tracking: {authors=James Johnson, blog_name=monkey-cage, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=the-economics-of-reclining-your-airplane-seat-arent-so-simple, post_id=15399, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 6:00:10 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 6:00:10 PM

‘Parks and Rec’ filmed in DC. Fans freaked out.By Emily Heil September 8 Follow @emilyaheil
The cast and a crew from the NBC show “ Parks and Recreation ” filmed some scenes in Washington this weekend, something the show’s producers wanted very badly to keep under wraps.
A publicist for the show tells us that details about the shoot are practically classified information, since they fear that even the tiniest detail might serve as a spoiler for the sitcom’s seventh and final season, slated to air in 2015. Last season ended with a time jump that found main character Leslie Knope, played by Amy Poehler, as a regional director for the National Park Service — so a Washington backdrop seems fitting.
Despite the lockdown, Twitter (of course!) provided us a few clues about what the “P&R” gang got up to, including that actor Adam Scott (and possibly Poehler) were on hand. The backdrop for at least one shot appears to be an apartment complex in Foggy Bottom.
Beyond that? If they told us, they’d have to kill us, apparently.
Turns out, the cloak-and-dagger routine might have been a good strategy, judging from the reaction on Twitter from those who missed spotting the cast and crew for themselves. Tears, appeals to deities, and even a “I want to die” from those who’d missed out? That’s a lot of drama for a comedy. Imagine the descending hordes.
Sounds like Leslie Knope and company have fans whose histrionics make One Direction’s tween devotees look like amateurs. Here’s a sampling:
Nausea!
— jake from state farm (@HannahRadner) September 7, 2014
Tears!     
Amy Poehler why can’t you just get a twitter so I can learn in advance that you’ll be filming in DC?? I’m legitimately crying right now — LG (@glaserface) September 7, 2014
Hyperbole (we hope)!
Amy Poehler was just filming for Parks and Rec on campus and I missed her. Someone please come light me on fire.
— Rob Todaro (@rob_tod) September 7, 2014
Existential crises: 
PARKS AND REC WAS FILMING DOWN THE STREET AND I MISSED IT. WHY ME, GOD, WHY ME? — Emily Clott (@EmClott) September 7, 2014
 
— estelle getty (@brindonesian) September 7, 2014
Not everyone went away disappointed, or harboring a death wish. A few fans got lucky and spied the crew at work:
Parks and rec filming a block from my dorm Amy poehler’s there pic.twitter.com/xR1xadtjvd — tristan (@tstevensking) September 7, 2014
One even got a pic with one of the actors.
So exciting to meet @mradamscott ! What an awesome guy…missed @amypoehler #parksandrec #smirnoff #bffs pic.twitter.com/pTAX3IQGLe — Rabia Khan (@rabia_bmore) September 8, 2014
 

Lew says tax inverters threaten US budgetSeptember 8, 2014 7:09 pm
Lew says tax inverters threaten US budget
By Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ecd03a94-3774-11e4-971c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

City bonuses set challenge for JunckerSeptember 8, 2014 7:24 pm
City bonuses set challenge for Juncker’s banking nominee
By Alex Barker in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d9b01d4e-374c-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Question hangs over Draghi’s latest salvoSeptember 8, 2014 3:27 pm
Question hangs over Mario Draghi’s latest salvo on lending
By Patrick Jenkins
New measures no guarantee lending will be channelled into SMEs
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/862137fa-3745-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fit Executive: heart attacksSeptember 8, 2014 12:46 pm
Dilemma of heart attacks that strike during exercise
By Charles Wallace
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/838810b4-34f6-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wall St bankers stuck in ‘squeezed middle’© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/16ee9ed8-36bc-11e4-85be-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Detailed coverage from this season’s catwalksLife & Arts
a la mode
Detailed coverage from the catwalks of this season’s fashion shows in London, Paris, New York and Milan
©Catwalking

Tata Power may soon divest over $1 bn stake in Indonesian minesAbhineet Kumar |  Mumbai Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 12:48 AM IST
Tata Power may soon divest over $1 bn stake in Indonesian mines
According to analysts, the remaining 25% stake in the coal mines is valued at a little over $1 billion (Rs 6,000 cr)
India's largest private power producer Tata Power has lost the motivation to continue with its investment in Indonesian mines KPC as international coal prices drop. The company, which sold a five per cent stake in these mines along with a 30 per cent stake in related power infrastructure companies in July for $250 million, said a sale of the remaining holding could "follow soon."
Tata Power bought a 30 per cent stake in two Indonesian thermal coal producers PT Kaltim Prima Coal (KPC) and PT Arutmin Indonesia (Arutmin) and the related trading company owned by PT Bumi Resources (Bumi) in early 2007 for Rs 4,740 crore. According to analysts, the remaining 25 per cent stake in the coal mines is valued at a little over $1 billion (Rs 6,000 crore).
The stake purchase followed Tata Power winning a bid for the imported coal-based 4,000 Mw Mundra Ultra Mega Power Project (UMPP). Its calculations were based on plans to import coal from Indonesia when international prices were around $40 a tonne at the time of bidding in 2006. But global coal prices surged past $100 a tonne in 2011 and the Indonesian government banned exports below a notified price from September 2011. This made import of coal unviable for Tata Power.
"We invested not for the purpose of investment but for securitisation of coal and to get the fuel at a discounted price," said Anil Sardana, managing director, Tata Power.
The natural hedge worked well for Tata Power as long as prices were high despite the fact that Mundra's losses were also high. If the cost of mining was $45 and the price of coal was at $105 then the mines had a $60 margin. After taking care of taxes before the new law came into force, Tata Power used to get 30 per cent of that as margin. Net of that was about $10 a tonne, which was taking care of a large part of Mundra's losses.
Now coal prices have come down to $70 and with $45 as cost of mining the $25 margin after taking care of taxes in hand comes down to $1-2. That is nothing compared to the $25 above the quoted price that Mundra has to pay. So while the pain continues at Mundra, lower coal prices are an advantage in the sense that its losses may come down to about Rs 1,250 crore in the current financial year from Rs 1,800 crore in the previous year.
"That is why we sold the five per cent stake and gradually I think the other things could also follow soon," said Sardana. But he was equivocal about a time-frame for the sale. "One cannot say in this dynamic situation when one will take what decision. But we can certainly say that KPC is a good investment despite the discounted coal option and the securitisation objective completely gone," he said.
With the US becoming an exporter of coal and China focusing on renewable energy, the price of the fuel is not expected to reach the 2011 peak soon.
"If the company has identified other opportunities where it can deploy the money which it will receive then it is a good idea to divest," said Bhargav Buddhadev, an analyst with brokerage firm Ambit Capital. "Coal prices will anyway not reach the peak in coming years," he said.
MISSION UNACCOMPLISHED
Tata Power had bought a 30% stake in two major Indonesian thermal coal producers KPC and Arutmin and the related trading company owned by Bumi in early 2007 for Rs 4,740 cr
 
Tata Power had sold 5% stake in these mines along with a 30% stake in related power infrastructure companies in July for $250 mn. According to analysts, the remaining 25% stake in the coal mines is valued at over $1 bn ( Rs 6,000 cr )
 
The stake purchase followed Tata Power winning a bid for the imported coal-based 4,000 Mw Mundra Power Project
 
The calculations were based on Tatas plans to import coal from Indonesia when global prices were around $40/ tonne in 2006. But prices surged past $100/tonne in 2011 and the Indonesian government banned exports below a notified price from September 2011
 Advertisements

“Fox & Friends” will address offensive comments about Ray Rice incident on Tuesday’s showBy Erik Wemple September 8 Follow @ErikWemple
Fox News commonly fields complaints on social media and blogs such as this one about its programming. In most cases, the complaints focus on coverage emphases, political titling and other such issues that bear on any cable news network in the 21st century. Usually the network plows ahead, blocking out the noise from detractors.
Yet what happened on “Fox & Friends” this morning bucks the normal back-and-forth between cable news and its critics. In a segment on the latest news regarding Ray Rice’s assault of his then-girlfriend in the elevator of an Atlantic City hotel, co-hosts Brian Kilmeade and Steve Doocy traded jokes about the lessons of the episode , which was captured on a videotape published by TMZ .
“I think the message is, take the stairs,” said co-host Brian Kilmeade, to which fellow co-host Steve Doocy replied in the same spirit, “The message is when you’re in an elevator, there’s a camera.”
An unmerciful reaction has swelled on Twitter, with this comment representing the sentiment:
@AlanMarquez3 @strellamark if you’re gonna joke about domestic abuse, go apply to co-anchor for fox news. http://t.co/WWii06RbCH
— Kayla Green (@DJKilogram) September 8, 2014
A Fox News spokeswoman tells the Erik Wemple Blog that “Fox & Friends” will address this issue on the program tomorrow. Smart decision.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410204855/1410204855000/1410204855 tracking: {authors=Erik Wemple, blog_name=erik-wemple, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=fox-friends-will-address-ray-rice-stairs-comments-on-tuesdays-show, post_id=14280, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 7:34:15 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 7:34:15 PM

Obamacare lets young adults stay on their parents’ insurance longer. Has that made them better offBy Jason Millman September 8 Follow @jasonmillman
An actual ad encouraging young adults to get health insurance. (doyougotinsurance.com)
Allowing young adults to stay on their parents' health plans is one of the most popular elements of the president's health-care law, but a pair of new studies out today raises questions about the overall impact of the coverage expansion to an estimated 3 million people.
The provision, which allows young adults to stay on their parents' health insurance plans until their 26th birthday, was one of the earliest parts of the law to take effect, in 2010, and researchers are now starting to report on the effects of that expansion. As expected, it increased the rate of health insurance among young adults, who historically had the highest uninsured rates of any age group. But the provision didn't change whether the age group perceived themselves as healthier or whether they thought health care was any more affordable, according to a new study in JAMA Pediatrics.
Further, adults under age 26 reported a significant decline in having a usual source of care between 2009 and 2012 (from 62 percent to 58.8 percent), according to researchers who analyzed the results of two publicly available surveys. Still, that decline wasn't as steep as the 6.6 percentage point decline experienced among people ages 26-34, researchers found. But when compared to that slightly older age group, researchers found the under-26 crowd didn't report a significant difference in several key metrics: going for a wellness visit, getting a flu shot, or being able to afford a doctor's visit, prescription medications or dental care. (Interestingly, these results seemed to contradict earlier findings in the journal's sister publication, the Journal of the American Medical Association.)
Young adults as a group already think of themselves as pretty healthy, which explains why many will choose to skip the cost of health insurance in the first place. And when they do get sick, they're more likely to seek out care at emergency rooms — a much more expensive option. So another significant measure of the under-26 provision is whether ER visits are decreasing for young adults.
In another study out today, Stanford University researchers compared the number of emergency room visits of two different young adult age groups: those who benefited from the new ACA provision, ages 19-25, and those who didn't, ages 26-31. Analyzing 2011 data from California, Florida and New York hospitals, the researchers found that the under-26 group had 2.7 fewer ER visits per 1,000 people than the older group. That added up to about 63,500 fewer ER visits among young adults across these states in just 2011, according to the study published today in the Health Affairs journal.
The researchers had another finding that seems just as important. While the total number of ER visits among the under-26 group was down, about the same number of people still went to the ER. The distinction here is that young adults with chronic conditions, who have greater care needs, probably now had better access to non-ER care settings, so their number of visits to the ER decreased. But the finding also suggests that healthy young adults, who might have shunned health insurance before, still continued to see the ER as a place for seeking out routine care, according to the study. Further, insurance likely makes those ER visits cheaper, which could actually increase how much people use the ER, the researchers wrote.
Past studies have shown that ER use increases immediately after a coverage expansion. Patients could be having a hard time finding new primary care doctors, or it could be that changing old habits is difficult. But everyone agrees that in an ideal health-care system, the ER wouldn't be a place for routine care.
It's also a reminder that providing health insurance is just one part of the equation. Changing someone's behavior can be tougher.
Jason Millman covers all things health policy, with a focus on Obamacare implementation. He previously covered health policy for Politico.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410206404/1410206404000/1410206404 tracking: {authors=Jason Millman, blog_name=wonkblog, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=obamacare-lets-young-adults-stay-on-their-parents-insurance-longer-has-that-made-them-better-off, post_id=100339, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 8:00:04 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 8:00:04 PM

Just because the elevator doors are closed doesn’t mean you’re aloneBy Andrea Peterson September 8 Follow @kansasalps
The Baltimore Ravens have cut running back Ray Rice, and the NFL has suspended him indefinitely. (AP Photo/Nick Wass, File)
This has been a big year for elevator camera videos. First there was the leaked altercation between Jay-Z and his sister-in-law Solange Knowles. Last week the CEO of a sports and entertainment catering company was forced to step down after a video appeared to show him kicking a puppy in an elevator went viral.
And Monday, a video showing Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice punching his then-fiance inside the elevator of an Atlantic City Hotel surfaced courtesy of TMZ Sports. An earlier video appeared to show Rice dragging Janay Palmer's unconscious body out of the elevator, but that was from a camera on the outside. Rice had been given a two-game  suspension after the first video was released, but it wasn't until the video that shows him actually beating his now-wife surfaced that he was cut from the team .
All of these cases go to show that despite the veil of privacy that seems to descend once their doors close, elevators are still very much public places -- where activities may be monitored. Although it's unclear just how many elevators in the United States come equipped with cameras, there seems to always be a digital eye watching when someone prominent does something embarrassing or potentially criminal inside a lift.
Basically, the rules governing elevator cameras are no different from those that cover security cameras placed elsewhere on private property says Jay Stanley, a senior policy analyst with the American Civil Liberties Union, although he argues that elevator riders should receive some sort of notice -- perhaps a sign -- to indicate that they are under surveillance.
Private business owners are generally allowed to install cameras on their properties as long as they serve some legitimate business purpose -- such as deterring vandalism or theft -- and don't invade an individual's reasonable expectation of privacy.
"The key is that courts would not understand people to have a reasonable expectation of privacy in public spaces like elevators," says Danielle Citron, a professor at the University of Maryland School of Law. "Public bathrooms would be different, for instance." Cameras are usually only able to record video, because audio recording may run afoul of local wiretapping laws.
As recording technology advances, it is bringing new scrutiny to activities that occur in areas once thought of as private. Video recordings made in elevators may only occasionally leak out when the contents are newsworthy or scandalous, but it's difficult to say how many and which employees might have access to filmed content.
While it's hard to argue against the disclosures of alleged domestic abuse, it might be easier to feel discomfort about videos of you picking your nose when you thought no one was watching being passed around for laughs. So for now, it is probably best to assume someone is always watching you in the elevator.
But experts say the rapid development of surveillance technology means that elevators aren't the only once-"private" place where you are might be on camera.
"In an elevator there's this acute sense that when the doors close you feel the rest of the world is not watching you anymore -- and you don't notice the physical presence of something small like a camera," says Clemson University assistant professor Kelly Caine.
"Despite those cues, technology allows you to be observed at all times when the camera is rolling and that's limited to elevators," she explains. "The implications of that with the miniaturization of technology means we have to think about what that means in the privacy in everywhere those cameras might be placed -- from back yards to watch for burglars, to the inside of private residences where cameras might be placed to watch over elderly parents."
 
Andrea Peterson covers technology policy for The Washington Post, with an emphasis on cybersecurity, consumer privacy, transparency, surveillance and open government.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business/technology, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410207387/1410207387000/1410207387 tracking: {authors=Andrea Peterson, blog_name=the-switch, content_category=Business/technology, in_url_headline=just-because-the-elevator-doors-are-closed-doesnt-mean-youre-alone, post_id=31856, section={section=business/technology, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 8:16:27 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 8:16:27 PM

EU rejects Google’s antitrust deal againLast updated: September 8, 2014 8:41 pm
EU rejects Google’s antitrust deal again
By Alex Barker in Brussels and Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4af20576-3757-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Discussing “Consumer Credit and the American Economy” with Mary Kissel on WSJ’s Opinion JournalComments
By Todd Zywicki September 8
I appeared with Mary Kissel on the Wall Street Journal’s Opinion Journal today discussing “ Consumer Credit and the American Economy .” My 3 minute segment can be viewed here .
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410211610/1410211610000/1410211610 tracking: {authors=Todd Zywicki, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=discussing-consumer-credit-and-the-american-economy-with-mary-kissel-on-wsjs-opinion-journal, post_id=13218, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 9:26:50 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 9:26:50 PM
Comments
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410211610/1410211610000/1410211610 tracking: {authors=Todd Zywicki, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=discussing-consumer-credit-and-the-american-economy-with-mary-kissel-on-wsjs-opinion-journal, post_id=13218, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 9:26:50 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 9:26:50 PM
SuperFan Badge

The surprising ways Chick-fil-A’s founder made the chain an American empireBy Drew Harwell September 8 Follow @drewharwell
Chick-fil-A founder S. Truett Cathy, left, and his son Dan Cathy pose for a 2009 photo during a celebration of passing the $3 billion mark in total sales. (AP Photo/Atlanta Journal-Constitution, Elissa Eubanks)
Chick-fil-A founder S. Truett Cathy, who died Monday at age 93, was an unlikely leader for one of America’s most massive fast-food chains : a poor-Southern-Baptist-turned-billionaire and fried-chicken magnate who proudly mixed his Christian faith with the company’s brand.
But the Atlanta-based chain he launched in the ’60s is unlikely, too, for the size of its success. Even with nearly a third fewer restaurants and a massive sales disadvantage — its famous resistance to open on Sundays — the privately-owned empire bested KFC last year as the U.S.’ top-selling fast-food chicken chain.
Chick-fil-A has gained a loyal fan base for all the ways it has said no: to working all weekend, to expanding too quickly, and to abstaining from the testy religious talk most big businesses avoid. When Cathy’s son, then-company president Dan Cathy, inspired same-sex boycotts over his “support of the traditional family” in 2012, the chain’s conservative base rallied as a show of support. As Ron Paul, the chief executive of the food industry consulting firm  Technomic, said , “Customers rewarded Chick-fil-A after it stumbled over ‘family values.’”
The chicken chain has inspired a consumer loyalty that is the envy of its fast-food rivals. Just after the 2012 flare-up, consumers told market analysts  that Chick-fil-A scored way above average for attributes like “brand image” and “emotional connection,” a measure of whether the restaurant “has a likable personality” and “has values that are similar to my own.” Technomic gave Chick-fil-A another award this year for “ Social Consciousness .”
The closed-on-Sundays policy has become a perennial business-trade target due to the potential billions of dollars in lost sales, but it also has been a rallying point for diners who saw the policy as a rare big-business show of faith. Cathy stood firm, calling it “ the best business decision I ever made .” (He shared other nuggets of wisdom in books like  How Did You Do It, Truett?: A Recipe for Success. )
The chicken chain’s U.S. sales soared to more than $5 billion  last year, besting KFC’s $4.22 billion – a clear rout, considering Col. Sanders’ chicken is so much easier to find, according to data from QSR, a trade publication about the fast food industry. There were 1,775 Chick-fil-A restaurants in the U.S. last year, mostly in the South , compared to 4,491 KFCs. The average Chick-fil-A earned $3.2 million last year, three times more  than the average KFC, QSR said.
Source: Chick-fil-A
The chain’s growth has run parallel with a few other quintessential American booms, including the explosive growth of U.S. chicken. Since 1967, when the first Chick-fil-A opened, the average American’s yearly chicken consumption has more than doubled, from 36.6 pounds to 83.5 pounds a year,  USDA data show . Over the same time, American beef eating has shrunk. (It’s not just us: The global hunger for chicken is growing faster than any other meat.)
It wasn’t just poultry that made Chick-fil-A a pioneer, but its unprecedented push into nationwide shopping malls. When the first Chick-fil-A opened in a “ 384-square-foot cubbyhole ” in Atlanta’s Greenbriar Mall, food courts in shopping centers were virtually unheard of. Over the decades, as mall culture bloomed, so did the fortunes of Chick-fil-A’s ubiquitous mall food stands. The chain runs nearly 300 mall locations today.
A boy during the Great Depression, Cathy first made money selling bottles of Coca-Cola for a nickel, and in 1946 he opened his first restaurant, a squat diner in the Atlanta suburbs called the Dwarf Grill. But it wasn’t until the ’60s, when an airline-meal company began selling him the chicken seen as too big for mid-air meals, that Cathy devised of the sandwich that would become tied to the Chick-fil-A brand. Cathy remained chairman of the company until last year, when his son, Dan, already the president, took over as chairman and chief executive.
Even as Chick-fil-A has exploded, it has kept pushing the aura of the softer side of a down-home Southern diner. Its signatures are charmingly simple, like the boneless chicken sandwich, served with only pickle slices and a buttered bun. And it doesn’t hurt that diners love the food: Many told Consumer Reports the chain is one of  the tastiest  and cleanest  choices in American fast food.
Chick-fil-A has tested the limits of that simplicity by adding coffee and chicken and waffles to its short menu of Southern staples, as well as launching  a mobile ordering app , in hopes the chain can grab up even more of the $680 billion a year Americans spend on dining out. But the chain is holding the line on a few key points, including the big one: They still won’t  open on Sundays .
Drew Harwell is a business general assignment reporter at The Washington Post.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410211807/1410211807000/1410211807 tracking: {authors=Drew Harwell, blog_name=business, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=the-surprising-ways-chick-fil-as-founder-made-the-chain-an-american-empire, post_id=1639, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 9:30:07 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 9:30:07 PM

Olive Garden’s Pasta Pass - $100 for 7 weeks of unlimited pasta — leaves some hungry customers unsatisfiedBy Sarah Halzack September 8 Follow @sarahhalzack
The Olive Garden is offering a Never-Ending Pasta Pass for $100. (Courtesy of Olive Garden)
Hell hath no fury like an Olive Garden fan who missed out on seven weeks of never-ending pasta.
Earlier today, the restaurant chain announced a new twist on its popular “Never Ending Pasta Bowl” promotion: Dubbed the Never Ending Pasta Pass, it allows diners to pay $100 for a pass that lets them enjoy all the pasta they can stuff in their bellies any time they visit the restaurant between Sept. 22 and Nov. 9. (They get unlimited Coca-Cola sodas, soup or salad and breadsticks, too.)
The company announced it would sell only 1,000 of the passes and that they would go on sale at 3:00 p.m. EST.  The good news for Olive Garden? Interest in the promotion clearly was high, as the passes were sold out by the time we checked Olive Garden’s Web site at 4:15 p.m.  The bad news? Many diners who missed out on their chance for a low-priced, almost-two-month-long carb-fest are taking to the company’s  Facebook page  to express frustration about how the promotion went down.
Some are complaining that the promotion sold out too quickly: “That was bull. The site was crashed and never let me in. You totally underestimated the demand.”
Some are complaining that there were glitches in the process:  “This was not the best promotion. I tried to get in starting the second it turned 3:00 p.m., and no go. It actually makes me less likely to go now.“  
Another added, “Please please I would love a  #pastapass . I tried for an hour, starting at 3pm eastern. Kept getting an error message referring to your server.  Please turn this frown upside down.”
You can check out the Facebook thread here:
Post by Olive Garden .
 
So how does this shake out for Olive Garden? On one hand, they appear to have made many of their loyal fans disgruntled. On the other hand, the media coverage and social media attention could benefit the struggling Italian restaurant if the frenzy over the Pasta Passes helps lure diners into their restaurants for the wider Never-Ending Pasta Bowl promotion. That annual offer allows customers to eat an unlimited amount of pasta during their visit for $9.99.  The chain restaurant says it is its most popular promotion of the year, resulting last year in 13 million bowls of pasta served.
Olive Garden has struggled in recent years, as its core customer base has eroded amid the rise of fast-casual options and a heightening focus on fresh, healthy eating.
Darden, the parent company of Olive Garden, has recently launched what it calls a “brand renaissance plan” for the casual dining chain, which has more than 800 restaurants nationwide.  The company has rolled out new lunch and dinner menus.  The dinner menu includes some tapas-style items to reflect the trend toward small plates concepts, as well as options priced at $9.99 to appeal to millennials and value-oriented diners.
Olive Garden is also working to use online ordering to beef up its take-out business and is experimenting with a remodeled restaurant design.
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economics news.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410216958/1410216958000/1410216958 tracking: {authors=Sarah Halzack, blog_name=business, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=olive-gardens-pasta-pass-100-for-7-weeks-of-unlimited-pasta-leaves-some-hungry-customers-unsatisfied, post_id=1667, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 10:55:58 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 10:55:58 PM

Ben Carson: Ray Rice needs help  not ‘demonizing’By Vanessa Williams September 8 Follow @wapovanessa
Ben Carson (Photo by Scott Morgan for The Washington Post)
Ben Carson, the famous neurosurgeon and potential 2016 presidential contender, weighed in on the news Monday that Ray Rice, the former running back for the Baltimore Ravens, lost his job and whatever benefit of the doubt he’d been given earlier this year when news first broke about a domestic violence incident.
Rice was initially suspended for two games when reports first surfaced that he’d assaulted then-fiancee Janay Palmer in an elevator at the now-shuttered Revel Casino in Atlantic City. But the Ravens canceled his contract and the NFL suspended him indefinitely when a full video of the incident, posted by TMZ, showed him knocking out Palmer, who is now his wife, then dragging her limp body from the elevator car and dumping her in the hallway.
Carson, who spoke by phone with Steve Malzberg on Newsmax TV Monday, was asked if the team’s and the league’s actions were the “right move?”
Carson, a former professor and director of pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins in Baltimore, said that he hoped the league would get some help for Rice. Then he added:
“Let’s not all jump on the bandwagon of demonizing this guy. He obviously has some real problems. And his wife obviously knows that because she subsequently married him. So they both need some help.”
Perhaps Carson was speaking as a doctor, offering his medical opinion, but some, including Mediaite , have suggested that he was defending Rice. (And perhaps judging Janay Rice?)
After talking about the Rice case — and before moving on to President Obama’s response to the ISIS threat — Malzberg asked Carson about the  tempest in the NBA around Atlanta Hawks majority owner Bruce Levenson . Recently e-mails have surfaced in which he laments that too many black fans might be scaring off white hoops lovers and sinking his franchise. Levenson has announced they he would sell his stake in the team.
Carson responded: “I say that we have a tendency to try everybody in the media on the basis of sound bites and video clips. And it really is pretty stupid. And it goes back to my whole war on political correctness.”
Late Monday, White House press secretary Josh Earnest issued this statement in response to the video of Rice’s actions:
“The President is the father of two daughters.  And like any American, he believes that domestic violence is contemptible and unacceptable in a civilized society,” Earnest said in a statement. “Hitting a woman is not something a real man does, and that’s true whether or not an act of violence happens in the public eye, or, far too often, behind closed doors.  Stopping domestic violence is something that’s bigger than football – and all of us have a responsibility to put a stop to it.”
Vanessa Williams is a deputy national editor at The Post and edits the She The People blog. She has covered and edited local and national politics for the paper. Contact her at Vanessa.Williams@washpost.com .
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410217720/1410217720000/1410217720 tracking: {authors=Vanessa Williams, blog_name=she-the-people, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=ben-carson-ray-rice-needs-help-not-demonizing, post_id=25958, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 8, 2014 11:08:40 PM close date: Sep 22, 2014 11:08:40 PM

Nancy Pelosi: The FCC’s net neutrality rules should reclassify broadbandBy Brian Fung September 8 Follow @b_fung
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) speaks during her weekly press briefing on Capitol Hill July 10, 2014 in Washington, DC. Pelosi spoke about the immigration crisis, the highway trust fund and other issues. AFP PHOTO/Brendan SMIALOWSKIBRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images
The most powerful Democrat in the House is urging regulators to oversee broadband providers more closely in an effort to preserve an open Internet.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi wrote in a letter to the Federal Communications Commission Monday that Internet service providers should be reclassified under Title II of the Communications Act — a step toward stronger regulations that would allow the FCC to more easily prohibit attempts by ISPs to charge other businesses for smoother, faster access to consumers.
"I oppose special Internet fast lanes," wrote Pelosi. "I believe the FCC should follow the court's guidance and reclassify broadband as a telecommunications service under Title II."
With the letter, Pelosi joins a growing chorus of lawmakers who've leapt on the Title II bandwagon, including Sens. Al Franken and Ed Markey as well as Reps. Anna Eshoo and Henry Waxman. Net neutrality lawyer Marvin Ammori has a running count of supportive members on his blog.
In January, a federal court struck down the agency's existing net neutrality rules , saying that it had tried to apply Title II-style regulation on businesses that the FCC had previously said were classified under Title I. FCC chairman Tom Wheeler read the opinion as an "invitation" to wield another Title I authority — known as Section 706 — more strongly. Under his current plan, Internet providers and companies would be allowed to strike commercial deals with one another so long as they passed a "reasonableness" test. While Wheeler could decide to opt for Title II, analysts say it would be politically controversial.
Importantly, Pelosi also weighed in on two other debates swirling around the net neutrality discussion. First, she argued that net neutrality rules should apply to wireless carriers. The old rules struck down in January exempted wireless providers, but the FCC has asked the public whether the new rules it's drawing up should work the same way.
Second, Pelosi said she believes net neutrality rules should apply to the Internet backbone, where disputes between Netflix and Comcast have drawn the economics of the Internet into the public eye. Title II, said Pelosi, would allow the FCC to ensure that Web-based phone and video calls "and other data will reach their destination without interference." While that passage could be construed as referring to the last-mile portion of an ISP's network, a House staffer confirmed that she was addressing the backbone issue.
 

Financial reform  Call to arms© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/152ccd58-3294-11e4-93c6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asean chiefs fear rising protectionismSeptember 8, 2014 2:53 pm
Asean chiefs fear rising protectionism
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/03a82fc2-3736-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nazir steps down as chief of CIMB bankJuly 3, 2014 5:06 pm
Nazir steps down as chief of Malaysian bank CIMB
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4ec55098-02a2-11e4-8c28-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nato put on high alert for cyber attackSeptember 3, 2014 3:00 pm
Nato summit on ‘high alert’ for cyber attack
By Sam Jones in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bd29b7b6-335a-11e4-9607-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US probes wave of cyber attacks on banksLast updated: August 28, 2014 11:07 pm
US probes wave of cyber attacks on banks
By Tom Braithwaite in New York and Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1372ab46-2e5b-11e4-b760-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why investors are ignoring war and turmoilSeptember 8, 2014 9:25 am
Why investors are ignoring war, terror and turmoil
By Gideon Rachman
Global political change has done more to create opportunities than to destroy them
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dc245222-34de-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dubai’s $32bn aviation plan© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/52c5c7fc-375b-11e4-971c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kashmir floods: phones down  roads submerged; toll touches 200  rescue operations onPlay Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
“The Indian Army will not move back to the barracks till the last man is brought to safety,” said General Dalbir Singh, chief of the army staff.
 
Video footage shot from army helicopters showed entire villages completely under water while residents were seen waving from rooftops as vehicles and livestock were washed away by the floodwaters.
State-run BSNL launched an operation with the army and air force to re-establish mobile services through satellite network, though officials said it would take more than a week for full restoration.
Read: Govt fights hard to save lives
 
The army headquarters in Delhi used social media to help send messages from anxious people across the country seeking to know about their missing relatives. It forwarded all distress messages received on its website, Facebook page and Twitter handle to a WhatsApp group, that included senior Northern Command officers
 
National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) rescuers received over 450 distress messages through WhatsApp and other social media platforms apart from SMSes about people stranded in submerged areas.
Watch: Monsoon floods kill hundreds in India, Pakistan
"We are not able to communicate with our teams sent on the ground in flood-ravaged areas. We were able to rescue some people after getting these messages. We have asked our commanders and control rooms to streamline these messages," said NDRF chief OP Singh said.
 
Rescue efforts were hampered by rains in Srinagar on Monday. With large swathes of the state cut off, the army distributed 23,000 litres of drinking water, 85 tonnes of medicines and 600 kg of biscuits in flood-affected areas.

Rajshree Sugars reappoints Pathy as MDRajshree Sugars reappoints Pathy as MD
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 9:  
Rajshree Sugars & Chemicals said that its shareholders have approved the reappointment of Rajshree Pathy as Managing Director for three years from March 16, 2015.
In a filing to the stock exchange, the company said that the shareholders, through e-voting and postal ballot, have also approved the appointments of P Surulinarayanasami as director, G R Karthikeyan, K Mohan Naidu, R C H Reddy and G S V Subba Rao as independent directors, besides R Varadarajan as a whole-time director.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Jubilant gets shareholders  approval to raise Rs 500 crJubilant gets shareholders' approval to raise Rs 500 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 9:  
Jubilant Industries said its shareholders have approved the special resolutions authorising the board of directors to borrow up to Rs 500 crore and also to create mortgage/charge on the company’s assets up to a maximum of Rs 1,000 crore.
In a filing to the stock exchange, the company the shareholders' approval were obtained through a postal ballot on September 8.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

IFA Berlin: The biggest trendsThe City Cube, where the Samsung stalls are homed. (Source: Nandagopal Rajan)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Berlin | Posted: September 9, 2014 10:04 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 11:55 am
Internationale Funkausstellung Berlin might not ring a bell, but almost all followers of technology know IFA as one of the largest tech shows in the world. It is also the world’s oldest, with the first edition — the called the Berlin Radio Show — being held way back in 1924. And the vintage shows at Messe Berlin, the large maze-like venue of the tech show, as companies from all over the world crowd it showcase their latest innovations and to woo people in new markets.
So IFA is a good place to see what are the trends that will dominate the globe in the coming months. Here is what I thought will become the powerful trends of the coming year.
Curved televisions: Curved televisions are not really new, but still when Samsung showed off its 105-inch curved ultra high definition (UHD) television that could straighten if needed, I was awed.  That was until I visited the LG stall and realised they too had a bendable television, though at 77 inches. Soon I realised that every tech company at the show had a wide array of curved screens of all sizes and almost all of them were UHD or 4K too. If this is not an indicator of a trend, then nothing else is. But I am sure by the next IFA, we will be talking about 8K as there were already some of these screens to be seen around the show.
Smart watches and wearables: Again there is no one who has not launched or just upgraded they wearable devices. The most stunning however were the Samsung Gear S and the LG G Watch R, the former has a curved OLED screen and wraps around your wrist, while the other has a proper round watch face that looks like any other timepiece. Though powered by its new Tizen OS, the Gear S seems far more functional than the Android Wear device that the G watch R is. Android wear watches at best seem to be good watches that can do a bit more, like the Pebble. But every single tech company that has a mobile play had wearable to show.
Action cameras: Despite the big wigs that were all around it, it was a relatively small California-based company that had Berlin excited. GoPro has daily giveaways that were good enough to create the best word of mouth advertisement for the duration of the show. But while everyone know the versatile cameras from this California company, not everyone might know that all large brands from Sony to Toshiba have also lined up action cameras along with scores of unknown names. If people are going to capture their best moments, then everyone continued…

My voice was controlled: Lady GagaPress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 9, 2014 10:01 am
Pop sensation Lady Gaga believes auto-tuning has affected her vocal presence. The 28-year-old singer says people never got to hear her original voice, reported Contactmusic.
“Since ‘The Fame’, ‘The Fame Monster’ and ‘Born This Way’, they’ve been auto-tuning it more, or changing the timbre. They take the vibrato out so you sound like a robot. They really control you especially in the beginning.
“Although it was still my songs, and I still had a lot to say about the production, the vocal was something that they really, really wanted to control. So my vocal presence has been kind of the smallest presence about me for a long time. So everything else becomes the focal point,” she said.
Gaga said although jazz genre and recording an album, ‘Cheek to Cheek’, with Tony Bennett have allowed her to show off her voice more. “So when I say ‘at this point in my career’, he’s changed my life for me because he’s gonna make my art better from this moment on. Because he said: ‘Hey, you’re so much better than you’re even letting yourself be’,” she said.

Why e-Bay India is missing in e-commerce con...Amazon
(Three years before Flipkart…)
A first mover has the opportunity to craft a competitive edge. It can become a figurehead, it can capture customers, it can erect entry barriers, it can make mistakes and correct them. In the happening Indian e-commerce space, such an association is usually made with Flipkart, which started in 2007. Except Flipkart, for all the ways it has been the marker of e-commerce in India, wasn't the first mover.
Three years before Flipkart made a non-descript beginning as an online book store, there was eBay.in, the Indian subsidiary of the $16-billion US company. It bought local auction platform baazee.com for $55 million in 2004 and transplanted its American business model — an online marketplace where sellers engage directly with buyers, with eBay only serving as a hosting platform — to India.
It had a lot going for it: a profitable parent, a team that wrote the code for online marketplaces, a brand synonymous with this medium of shopping. Yet, in the ecommerce din today, eBay India is hardly in the conversation. The talk is, instead, centred around Flipkart, Amazon and Snapdeal, and their fund-raising, investments or valuations.
"We are the largest marketplace (by number of sellers), but we are not in the valuations game," says eBay India managing director Latif Nathani. "Hence, we don't get talked about that much." But it's also true that while eBay, though growing at a rate that would be the envy of most companies, is trailing its peers in this high-growth sector.
In 2012-13, the latest period for which comparable numbers are available, Flipkart grew 476 per cent in value of goods sold. By comparison, eBay's revenues stood at Rs 81 crore for the year, against Rs 51 crore the previous year — a growth of about 60 per cent.
Globally, in 2013, eBay earned 8 per cent of the value of goods transacted as marketplace revenues. Extrapolating that to India yields a value of goods sold of around Rs 1,000 crore in 2012-13. That is close to the Rs 1,180 crore that Flipkart did that year.
But the others appear to have hit a sweet spot and seem to be breaking away from eBay. For 2013-14, Flipkart says it maintained that scorching pace, without disclosing numbers. In terms of unique visitors, in July, eBay trailed both Flipkart and Amazon, according to data from ComScore.
"When eBay started in India, it was ahead of its time," explains a former country head of eBay India, on condition of anonymity. "The Internet user base was less than 10 million and few people were willing to shop online.
However, things changed in the last few years and eBay has been surprisingly indifferent." The indifference this former country head, one of the six eBay has had in 10 years, is referring to is its reluctance to pivot with the times to capture more business from the 200 million-plus Internet users in India today, 10 per cent of whom shop online. For example, eBay was the last to switch to cash on delivery, the preferred payment mode of Indian consumers, about three months back.
 
AHEAD OF ITS TIME
This reluctance to change partly stems from its unique business model. EBay is an open marketplace (OMP) — a technology-based, asset-light model. It merely hosts sellers, of new and, in a small percentage, used goods, and connects them to buyers.
EBay does not handle logistics beyond alerting its partners in this space via an automated process. When goods move from sellers to buyers, they don't pass through an eBay warehouse.
By comparison, its three main competitors — Flipkart, Amazon and Snapdeal — all follow the managed marketplace model (MMP), where they control delivery and returns, and don't do used goods. "We opted for MMP as the question of trust comes in OMP," says Kunal Bahl, founder-CEO of Snapdeal, in which eBay owns a significant stake and which could emerge as a more significant expression of its business interests in India in the coming years.
According to Mukul Arora, vice-president of SAIF Partners, a venture fund, MMP helps control customer experience and is more suitable for India. "OMP is relevant in a mature ecosystem where sellers, logistics partners and buyers all are tech-savvy, and there are strong customer redress systems in place," he says. In 2013, eBay posted a net profit of $2.9 billion on an income of $16 billion, 70 per cent of which came from US, Germany and UK, all mature markets.
Sanjeev Aggarwal, senior managing director of Helion Venture Partners, sees three phases of evolution in marketplaces. The first is inventory-led, where the e-tailer controls everything. The second is MMP, where the e-tailer does not own the products, but controls delivery, quality and returns. Lastly, there's OMP where the e-tailer is merely a hosting platform. "India is now migrating to the second stage," says Aggarwal. "A pure OMP is about a decade away."

Disaster preparedness is not there in our DNAComments
The headline-grabbing event of the last couple of days — the mammoth floods in Jammu and Kashmir (J-K) — confirms once again that disaster preparedness is just not there in our DNA. It was only a year ago that the Himalayan state of Uttarakhand was ravaged by rains and floods that killed more than 5,000 people and destroyed property worth crores.
  
Play Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Many hoped that the tragedy would be a valuable lesson to the states and government-funded institutions that tackle such disasters. But regrettably, as we see in J-K, no lessons were learnt.
As I watched on TV the swirling river water ransack everything that came in its way, I remembered a quote I read somewhere: “Disasters happen. We still have no way to eliminate earthquakes, wildfires, hurricanes, floods or droughts. We cope as best we can by fortifying ourselves against danger with building codes and levees, and by setting aside money to clean up afterwards”.
But here in India, the thought process in the government circles is somewhat like this: let’s cross the bridge when we come to it, and if the situation becomes too difficult, then there are always the dependable Indian armed forces to rescue us.
Video: Nation stands by Jammu and Kashmir flood victims: Modi
Take for example, the issue of flood alerts: The India Meteorology Department’s season rainfall map as on September 6, 2014, shows that J-K received 558 mm rainfall till that date, progressing to excess rainfall category from deficit season rainfall of 308 mm as on September 3, in just three days.
Despite this warning, the Central Water Commission (CWC), which is responsible for flood forecasting and providing advisory to the states for tackling floods, had no flood forecasts for the state.
“The CWC’s flood forecast list on September 6, 2014, has 18 level forecasts and eight inflow forecasts, but NONE from J-K,” Himanshu Thakkar of the South Asia Network on Dams, Rivers & People told HT. “The CWC’s flood forecast site has another option that provides hydrographs for various rivers and location. Again for J-K it provides no hydrographs. The options on CWC’s Flood Forecast site for list-based selection and map-based selection again has no information about Jammu and Kashmir.”
When Down to Earth’s (DTE) correspondent confronted VD Roy, director of flood forecasting, CWC, about the floods, he said that state has a hydrological observatory which shares data with the state government but it does not have a flood forecasting network, adding that to date “CWC has established 175 stations for flood forecasting, but none of them is in J-K.
We plan to extend the centres and soon J-K will have additional flood forecast station.” When DTE asked why the state did not have a single station till date, Roy said, in a typical babu style, there are some pre-requisite requirements and since J-K could not provide that, stations could not be established! So now, after the floods have ripped open the state, J-K will probably get a flood forecast station. A sure shot case of shutting the stable door after the horse has bolted.
If the central departments were caught napping, the state government was in a Rip Van Winkle mode: it approved a Disaster Management Policy in 2012 for proper mechanism for rescue, relief and rehabilitation of disaster victims.
But it is yet to create a separate department to deal with disasters.
Such lackadaisical attitude is unacceptable since the state is vulnerable to disaster risks due to floods, landslides, earthquakes and Glacial Lake Outburst Flood. Such risks will only increase in the coming years due to climate change not only in J-K but across India.
While it is not possible to avoid disasters, governments could minimise the effects by taking into account the interventions we do in nature and also know the full risks of what we do. We need to assess the disaster potential of the area and understand how the interventions are going to change it.
Moreover, the level of disaster preparedness at the central level and in the states is uneven and requires considerable strengthening.
Last but not the least, India needs much better rainfall prediction, flood forecasting, disaster preparedness and disaster management plans and accountable mechanisms to ensure that all these are functional.

Jayshree Chemicals to sell Chlor Alkali business to ABCIL for Rs 212 croreThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Punj Lloyd rallies nearly 9%  adds to previous day s rallyPuneet Wadhwa |  Mumbai Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 10:16 AM IST
Punj Lloyd rallies nearly 9%, adds to previous day's rally
Besides the recent order win, Punj Lloyd has been news on reports of selling stake in Medanta Medicity Hospital and issue of non-convertible debentures
Punj Lloyd has gained another 8.6% to Rs 44 levels on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) in trade on Tuesday after rallying nearly 10% a day earlier after securing an order worth Rs 3,515 crore from PRPC Refinery and Cracker, a subsidiary under the Petroleum National Berhad (PETRONAS) group, Malaysia’s national emergency group.
Post this order, the order book of the company stands at Rs 24,679 crore, reports suggest. The stock opened at Rs 41.4 on the NSE and hit an intra-day high of Rs 44.3. A combined 28,57,383 have been traded thus far in morning deals on both the exchanges.
Punj Lloyd has been in the news recently on reports that it plans to sell its stake in Gurgaon-based multi specialty hospital Medanta Medicity Hospital to lower its debt.
“Punj Lloyd is planning to sell half of its 17% shareholding in Global Health Private Limited - a company which owns, manages and operates the Gurgaon based hospital for around Rs 300 crore", an Economic Times report had suggested.
However, the company issued a clarification in response to the above report. "We would like to inform you that the Company is exploring various options to sell its non-core assets. The Company has not formalised or entered into any binding agreement in this regard,” Punj Lloyd said in a statement to the exchanges.
“The Company will inform the stock exchange(s), if and when, any such agreement is entered into,” it added.
Meanwhile, the Board of Directors of the company at its meeting held on September 03, 2014 have approved issue of non-convertible debentures, including bonds, within the overall borrowing limits and decided to convene an Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) on September 30 for obtaining the requisite approvals.
 Advertisements

Metal  power stocks down ahead of SC verdict on coal blocksSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 09, 2014
Last Updated at 10:11 AM IST
Metal, power stocks down ahead of SC verdict on coal blocks
Hindalco, Jindal Steel & Power are the top losers ahead of the SC verdict on coal blocks
Metal stocks such as Hindalco and Jindal Steel & Power were down 1-2% ahead of the Supreme Court's decision on coal block allocations later today.
Earlier on September 1, the Centre had requested the Supreme Court not to cancel the permits for 46 coal blocks that were functioning or were about to start production.
Around 40 of the 105 blocks with private companies are producing coal and six are ready for production.
The Mahan Coal block allocated to Hindalco eight years ago to feed its aluminium plant in Madhya Pradesh.
With regards to Jindal Steel and Power it is the Utkal B1 block. JSPL needs access to coal from Utkal B1 mine for its steel and power project at Angul in Odisha.
In the metal pack, Hindalco was down 1%, Jindal Steel & Power slipped 2%, Sesa Sterlite dipped 1.6% and Tata Steel was down 0.8%. In the power segment, Adani Power was down 1.6%, Reliance Power lost 0.5%, NTPC was down 0.1% while Tata Power was up 0.4%.
 Advertisements

How to hold your pizza sliceIndo-Asian News Service | Posted: September 9, 2014 10:31 am
Do you know why despite your best efforts, the slice of pizza you are about to enjoy flops over and dangles from your fingers?
It has nothing to do with either a non-stiff crust or extra toppings. You just need to learn a bit of science about how to hold your slice right.
The cue lies in a powerful mathematical result about curved surfaces invented by the German mathematical genius Carl Friedrich Gauss in the 19th century.
He named it Theorema Egregium – Latin for excellent or remarkable theorem.
This is how it works for pizza.
When the pizza is flat, it has zero curvature.
When you pick up a slice, fold the pizza slice sideways in a U-shape.
This way, you are forcing it to become flat in the other direction – the one that points towards your mouth.
This will keep the slice from flopping over.
The theorem assures that one direction of the slice must always remain flat – no matter how you bend it, the pizza must retain a trace of its original flatness, wired.com reported.

Obama congratulates new Iraqi PM for new govt  discusses ISIS threatPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 9, 2014 10:18 am
President Barack Obama called Iraq’s Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi to congratulate him on the approval of a new government and discuss its efforts to fight Islamic State militants, the White House has said.
“Obama applauded the efforts of Prime Minister Abadi and other Iraqi leaders in forming a new, broad-based government, and underscored the need for the United States and Iraq to continue working closely with the international community to build on recent actions to counter the threat posed by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant,” the White House said.
Obama, during the call, expressed his commitment to work with all communities in Iraq as well as regional and international partners to strengthen Iraq’s capabilities to fight against ISIS.
“Both the leaders agreed on the importance of having the new government quickly take concrete steps to address the aspirations and legitimate grievances of the Iraqi people,” a White House statement said, adding that they expressed their support for a strong strategic partnership between the US and Iraq.
Meanwhile, US Secretary of State John Kerry hailed the formation of a new government in Baghdad as “a major milestone” for Iraq.
Kerry told reporters at the State Department that the government formed in Baghdad had the potential to unite all of Iraq’s diverse communities “for a strong Iraq, a united Iraq and give those communities a chance to build a future that all Iraqis desire”.
He said, “now is the time for Iraq’s leaders to govern their nation with the same vision and sense of purpose that helped to bring this new government together in the first place.
“In that effort, they should know the US will stand shoulder to shoulder with the Iraqis as they implement their national plan to overcome the longstanding political and economic grievances that have for too long divided their country.”
Kerry is travelling to the region to meet leaders on the current situation in Iraq and to build the broad coalition of partners to tackle ISIS threat. So far 10 countries, including the US, has joined this coalition.
“As we build this coalition, I want to underscore that almost every single country on Earth has a role to play in eliminating the ISIL threat and the evil that it represents,” he said.

Demand from truck cos firm; weak crude helping margin: CEAT08:00 am
There is strong demand from truck companies and this could improve in the coming months as economic recovery gathers pace, says Subba Rao Amarthaluru, group CFO, RPG Group.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy, he says overall sentiment in the sector is positive, thanks to weak rubber prices, and now easing crude prices.
Huge imports are keeping domestic rubber prices soft and lower cost of raw materials is helping boost CEAT ’s operating profit margins, Subba Rao says.
He sees rubber prices rising 8-10 percent over the next few months, but expects the company’s operating expenses to remain stable. He sees current year revenues rising 8-10 percent, driven by strong growth in the December and March quarters, which are typically strong quarters for the company.
Below is a verbatim transcript of the interview
Sonia: Last month, when we spoke to you, the stock was at Rs 500 and now it is at Rs 830 or so. Do you think that this fall in raw material prices that everyone is talking about, both rubber and crude, justifies the rally in the stock?
A: I don’t think that is the only reason. We don’t know what determines the market sentiment but the rubber prices have fallen by about Rs 10, which cannot cause this kind of upside in the stock price. Maybe the market is thinking that these kinds of slide will continue to be there in the raw material prices and crude prices have not gone up despite the Middle East conflict. So that could be another factor. Also, (there is) the expected demand upsurge in the truck segment.
These are the possible factors (that could play in) the second half of the current financial year. As far as truck capacity is concerned, most industry has idle capacity. Once the stock is picking up, that comes as a huge upside surge as one time surge. So that could be another factor. So multiple factors might be contributing to this kind of rerating of the sector.
Latha: Let us get to the numbers. Your operating margins were close to 9.5 percent for Q1. A little lower than the near 12 percent that you did previous year. Are you going to see a major improvement, just give us the building blocks? How much does rubber form as a percentage of your total cost as well because of the fall in crude prices, how much the synthetic rubber constitute, how much can margins improve for the full year?
A: The rubber prices cost about 35-40 percent of the total product cost.
Latha: That includes synthetic rubber?
A: Synthetic rubber is additional another 5-10 percent. So total about 45 percent is the total cost of all kinds of rubber.
This can improve the margins so this brings down the cost by about Rs 15. Per kilogram, the cost could be about Rs 10 lower over a period of time not immediately because the old stock has to be consumed and the new stock has to come into play. So progressively there could be reduction to the extent of about Rs 8-10 kind of price in the raw material cost per kg. So that would significantly boost up the margins definitely.
Latha: That is what we want from you. Do you think it is sustainable? Is this just this Thailand impact or the crude price is not a Thailand impact.
A: No, the domestic arrivals haven’t been coming in the rubber space and import quantities are huge both last month, as well as current month. So that has dipped the prices but whether there is a huge upward movement in the next few months that looks highly unlikely. It can go up by another Rs 8-10, which means it can operate between Rs 132 and Rs 135 space against Rs 125 currently. Even the imported rubber prices - if you exclude the duty element, it is about Rs 97. It is a global commodity. So domestic price also will be in parity with the global prices.
Sonia: So this Rs 130-135 is even though it will be higher from here, on an average compared to last couple of quarters, it is much lower. So where do you see your margin stand at by the end of FY15?
A: I don’t want to give a call on this because margins -- it is a function of several other factors but we would definitely be in the double digit space. The industry also will gain on this but who gains how much and how much we gain as a result of this is a function of several factors. I will not be able to put in a number on to it.
Latha: Then revenues can you give us an idea?
A: Revenues I think we can go anywhere between 10 percent and 12 percent in the current year.
Sonia: You did mention that an expected demand upsurge in the drug segment might be driving the stocks higher. What is the exact situation on the ground, are things picking up, has the truck segment bottomed out?
A: Truck segment has definitely bottomed out and industry capacity I guess is about 50 percent utilisation level as of now and once the economy keeps improving. The second quarter if the gross domestic product (GDP) grows and the third quarter if the GDP continues to grow, I think definitely there would be movement in the truck demand and that would be great lead indicator for the economic revival.
Latha: Normally which is your best quarter?
A: Third and fourth.
Sonia: You just recently took a board approval to raise about Rs 500 crore. I want to understand for your capex plans, both in Bangladesh and in Halol, how much is needed currently, how much will you have to pump in, how much more debt would you need etc?
A: Both Halol as well as Bangladesh about Rs 1,000 crore capex. So equity requirement is about Rs 300 crore and Bangladesh we have already put in last year itself. It is only Halol that we need, which is about Rs 210 crore equity requirement. But you never know. Suddenly, there could be plans to expand the capacity and there could be something on the drawing board, which we are not disclosed to anyone. So these kind of things we need to take into account. We need to continuously expand the capacity to be in the market place in a competitive manner. So the growth was stunted in the last decade, now we have to revive that growth. We have to keep expanding the capacities so that is our price focus.
Sonia: So more fund raising on the cards?
A: I don’t want to give this kind of things. We are going to take the shareholders’ approval during the current month.
Latha: You are taking approval for how much?
A: Up to Rs 500 crore. Ceat has not raised the money for a long time in the market. There was no growth in the past. Now if you want to expand the capacities, yes, internal accruals are there but if you want to rapidly grow, you need to have an additional purse.
Latha: Your topline you said will grow by 10-12 percent. Could you say as much about your bottomline or will it be even better primarily because you are saying margins should be in double digits?
A: I will not take a call on that. I can give you topline growth but if I give you the bottomline growth, that would be amounting to give forward information which I am not entitled to give.
Latha: You are giving it at the public space, that is permitted.
A: We don’t give guidance. If I start giving guidance once then I have to perpetually give the guidance.
Sonia: Last quarter, the margins were hit because of higher employee cost and higher ad spends?
A: Many costs came together in one bunch.
Sonia: Tell us about the runrate employee cost, how much will it fall compare to last quarter ad spends will they fall?
A: No, it doesn’t fall but your volumes pick up. That is what would drive the margins and bottomline.
Latha: Employee cost will remain at Rs 85 crore?
A: Yes.
Sonia: And other expenditure about Rs 300 crore?
A: I don’t think there would be any great revision in the expenditure because whatever it is, for the year, it will be stable.
Ceat stock price
On September 10, 2014, Ceat closed at Rs 792.95, up Rs 4.00, or 0.51 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 848.90 and the 52-week low was Rs 105.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 67.35 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 11.77. The latest book value of the company is Rs 277.70 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.86.
RELATED NEWS

Jaguar woos women  young drivers in bid to race past rivalsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian-origin fund manager Mathew Martoma sentenced to 9 years in jail in USAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Alyssa Milano shares first photo of her newborn on InstagramAlyssa Milano and her husband David Bugliari welcomed their second child, Elizabella. (Source: AP)
Los Angeles | Posted: September 9, 2014 11:02 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 11:06 am
‘Project Runway: All Stars’ host Alyssa Milano has posted the first picture of her six-day-old daughter on Instagram.
Milano, 41, and her husband David Bugliari welcomed their second child, Elizabella, on Thursday, reported Aceshowbiz.
Milano posted a black-and-white picture of Elizabella’s tiny legs being wrapped by elder brother Milo. She captioned it with, “Milo meets his baby sister for the first time.”

Duncan Fletcher is a fatherly figure  says Ravi ShastriShastri and Fletcher in discussion during the recently concluded ODI series in England. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 9, 2014 11:00 am | Updated: September 10, 2014 2:52 pm
His report will decide Duncan Fletcher’s future as India’s cricket coach and Ravi Shastri, who served as Team Director during the just-concluded limited overs series against England, has put his weight behind the under-fire Zimbabwean by calling him a “solid character”.
Speaking to ‘ESPNCricinfo’, Shastri lavished praise on Fletcher, who is under the scanner after a mixed tour of England during which the Indians were thrashed in the Test series before bouncing back to win the ODIs.
“He is tremendous. He would have done over a 100 Tests as coach, which is massive. He is technically very sound. He is a solid character. He is respected. He is a fatherly figure,” Shastri said.
“I knew Fletcher from the 1983 World Cup. Then in 1984 I led an India Under-25 side to Zimbabwe, where he was my counterpart. So I was aware of his leadership qualities already. Also what made Fletcher’s job easier was having the trio of Sanjay Bangar, Bharat Arun and R Sridhar as his assistant coaches,” he added.
“Fletcher is the coach. He looks after the handling of various things including little, little stuff. My experience comes into play from the outside – of having been there, done that. The fact that I watch so much is a massive help. And my personality is such if I feel like saying something I don’t hold back. I don’t care who it is.”
Speaking about his own stint with the team, Shastri said he is glad to have made a positive difference after the 1-3 loss in the Test series.
“I got more than I would have expected. I say that only because of England’s record at home, not many sides have thrashed them 3-0 in a four-ODI series. It is a big achievement: from what they were mentally after the Test series defeat, and then to respond in that fashion made me feel proud,” he said.
“I had to make it (the dressing room) a place where the boys wanted to enjoy themselves. I was very clear when I said I am doing this job because I believe in them. And that was enough. As I got talking to them one on one, things started falling in place,” he added.
Shastri said he had plenty of one-on-one chats with the players during the ODI series, which India won 3-1. “I was not afraid to speak to a guy individually. Ground, bus, bar, dressing room, while eating – we were talking cricket. Communication is important. The advantage I had was I
had watched these boys a lot. I told them I have watched more cricket than I have played. I have learned more about cricket after I stopped playing,” he said.
Shastri especially focussed on star batsman Virat Kohli, who had a somewhat subdued run in both the Tests and ODIs. “About Virat, you knew it was due (the half-century in the Edgbaston Twenty20). The reason he did not perform earlier was a combination of mental and technical issues. You cannot get out to the same bowler in the same fashion continued…

Happy Birthday Akshay: Interesting facts about Bollywood KhiladiAkshay Kumar is said to have been very mischievous as a child.
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 9, 2014 10:46 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 1:10 pm
Bollywood daredevil Akshay Kumar celebrates his 47th birthday today (September 9). The actor, who is considered to be one of Bollywood’s best stunt men, has given us a number of hits in both the comedy and action genre. Here are a few interesting facts you never would have guessed about the Bollywood Khiladi.
Akshay is said to have been very mischievous as a child. He had very little interest in academics but excelled in sports including cricket and valley Ball.
Akshay started doing Martial arts when he was in 8th standard. He later traveled to Bangkok to study martial arts and to Thailand to learn ‘Muay Thai’ where he worked as a Chef and waiter.
Not many know that Akshay auditioned for Deepak Tijori’s role in ‘Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikander’, but, was rejected.
Akshay is a huge WWE wrestling fan. He Met WWE Superstar Kane at his residence in India in 2010.
In Pics: Happy Birthday Akshay Kumar: Bollywood Khiladi turns 47
Akshay Kumar is a blackbelt winner in Taekwondo.
Akshay Kumar lost a bet to Anupam Kher when the box office collections of their film ‘Special 26’ exceeded expectations. Akshay had to dance on top of a table to fulfill his side of the wager.
In 2008, the University of Windsor conferred an Honorary Doctorate of Law on Akshay Kumar in recognition of his contribution to Indian cinema.
Akshay Kumar is said to be superstitious and believes that 9 is his lucky and gifted number. He believes all good things have happened in his life around number 9 including the birth of his children, which took place in the ninth month.
Akshay Kumar has a strict fitness regime. He jogs every morning irrespective of his shooting schedule. When abroad, the actor hits the gym and turns himself in by 10 pm.

BSE Sensex retreats from record high  NSE Nifty also slipsPrint
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 9, 2014 10:46 am
Retreating from record highs, the benchmark BSE Sensex fell over 45 points in early trade today with metal, consumer durables, banking and realty sector stocks leading the decline as participants locked in gains at current levels.
The 30-share barometer fell by 45.92, or 0.17 per cent, to 27,273.93.
Yesterday, the gauge closed at a fresh life-time peak of 27,319.85 after climbing to a new intra-day record of 27,354.99.
The National Stock Exchange index Nifty also slipped from record highs and shed 15.10 points, or 0.18 per cent, to 8,158.80. It closed at an all-time high of 8,173.90 after recording a new intra-day peak of 8,180.20 in yesterday’s trade.
Brokers said sentiments turned weak on profit-booking by cautious investors ahead of the hearing of coal blocks allocation case in the Supreme Court today.
In the metal segment, shares of Sesa Sterlite were trading 0.69 per cent down at Rs 281.85, while Tata Steel shed 0.58 per cent, to Rs 514. Jindal Steel and Power fell 1.93 per cent to Rs 233.45.
Hindalco Industries too faced some pressure and fell by 0.92 per cent to Rs 172.
Among other Asian markets, Japan’s Nikkei moved up 0.58 per cent in early trade, while Hong Kong market is closed today.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average ended 0.15 per cent lower in yesterday’s trade.
 

NSA Doval in Beijing to prepare ground for Xi India visitUpdated: September 9, 2014 11:13 IST
NSA Doval in Beijing to prepare ground for Xi India visit
PTI
PTI National Security Advisor Ajit Doval on Tuesday held talks in Beijing to finalise arrangements for Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India. File photo
TOPICS
India-China
Besides finalising the schedule, Mr. Doval’s visit is expected to focus on the political aspects of the Chinese President’s tour, including the boundary dispute.
National Security Advisor Ajit Doval on Tuesday held talks with China’s top diplomat and State Councillor Yang Jiechi to finalise the arrangements for Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India expected to take place next week.
Mr. Doval arrived in Beijing on Monday as the Special Representative of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to make final preparations for Mr. Xi’s visit.
The two officials met at the Diaoyutai Guest house to finalise the schedule and agenda for Mr. Xi’s visit.
Welcoming Doval, Mr. Yang who is also China’s Special Representative for China-India border talks, said he highly appreciates Mr. Doval’s visit.
It speaks volumes about the importance the Indian side attaches to Mr. Xi’s visit and bilateral relations, he said.
“We believe that with specific efforts from both sides President’s visit will be a full success and bilateral relations will be taken to higher level,” he said.
Expressing happiness over Mr. Doval taking over as NSA, Mr. Yang appreciated his contribution to the bilateral ties.
Appreciating the gesture to receive him at a short notice, Mr. Doval said he had brought a special message for Mr. Xi from the Prime Minister’s side. Mr. Doval is due to meet Mr. Xi later in the day.
During his visit to India, Mr. Xi is expected to announce major Chinese investments as well as hold talks with Modi on border dispute as well as China’s plans to revive a number of Silk Road Projects including the Maritime Silk Road.
Mr. Doval’s visit comes in the immediate backdrop of the cancellation of Mr. Xi’s visit to Islamabad planned as part of his first visit to Pakistan, Sri Lanka and India.
Dates for the visit of Mr. Xi, also the General Secretary of the Communist Party of China, have not yet been officially announced by both sides.
Initially, Mr. Xi was to pay a three-day visit to New Delhi from September 17.
Speculation is rife that in view of the cancellation of the visit to Pakistan, Mr. Xi may arrive in India earlier and may visit Mr. Modi’s home State Gujarat before he lands in New Delhi.
Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, who visited Beijing twice including early this month, has laid ground for Mr. Xi’s visit by holding extensive talks with Chinese officials on the package of investments as well as measures to address India’s concerns of trade deficit.
China and India are in discussions to modernise Indian railways. China plans to invest in industrial parks, locations of which are expected to be announced by Mr. Xi.
Besides finalising the schedule, Mr. Doval’s visit is expected to focus on the political aspects of Mr. Xi’s tour, including issues related to the boundary dispute and new routes for Kailash and Manasarovar Yatra.
Mr. Yang as China’s Special Representative for boundary negotiations held two rounds of talks with Doval’s predecessor, Shivshankar Menon.
The two sides held 17 rounds of talks and reached a stage to focus on the framework to resolve the dispute.
The next stage was stated to be exchange of maps about the mutual perception of the Line of Actual Control (LAC).
Both the countries have signed a Border Defence Cooperation Agreement (BDCA) in 2013 to ensure peace and tranquillity at the LAC pending the settlement of the border dispute.

Udomdej Sitabutr new Thailand Army ChiefUpdated: September 9, 2014 11:10 IST
Udomdej Sitabutr new Thailand Army Chief
DPA
Reuters Thailand Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha arrives at the Government House to attend the first Cabinet meeting in Bangkok on Tuesday.
TOPICS
Thailand
Thailand’s military released the names of the incoming heads of various branches of the armed forces late Monday, including a new Army Chief.
General Udomdej Sitabutr will replace current Army Chief and Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha as the Army Commander at the end of September, when Mr. Prayuth’s term as head of the Army concludes.
General Udomdej’s appointment signals the continued dominance of a faction of the Thai Army known as the Eastern Tigers, from which the country’s last three Army Commanders have come.
Political commentators have noted that the group was largely behind the May 22nd coup, which took power after months of political infighting and violence.
“I think they clearly want to consolidate power and show no signs of tolerating dissent,” Panuwat Panduprasert, a lecturer in Chiang Mai University’s Political Science department, told DPA.
“They want to make sure that the political structure that comes after this will guarantee the central role of traditional Thai institutions.”

See FY15 revenue jump 4X of Rs125 cr in Q1: MM ForgingsUS market, in particular, is showing strong growth
Vidyashankar Krishnan
MD
MM Forgings
MM Forgings  hit a 52-week high of Rs 521 on Tuesday. The stock has gained over 400 percent this year.
The company manufactures steel forgings in raw, semi machined and fully machined stages and caters to forging requirements of almost all industries. It has a big export portfolio, with focus on CV industry in America and Europe. N Srinivasan of India Cements  is the Chairman of the company.
MM Forgings has a market cap of Rs 566 crore. Around 30 percent of its revenues come from the domestic market, while the majority 70 percent from exports.
Discussing the company future plans and prospects, MD Vidyashankar Krishnan said the overall business is good, given the fact that exports are strong. He said even the domestic business is showing signs of a pick-up.
The company had posted a strong set of numbers in Q1FY15 with revenues increasing 25 percent at Rs 124.5 crore and EBITDA up 48 percent at Rs 27.5 crore. Operating margin for the quarter was up at 22.1 percent, while profit after tax was up 69 percent at Rs 13.2 crore.
Krishnan expects the growth momentum of Q1 to sustain for the rest of the year. He said the US market, in particular, is showing strong growth. He expects FY15 revenue to be 4 times the Q1 revenue of Rs 125 crore and said that exchange rate has aided margin, performance.
Below is the transcript of Vidyashankar Krishnan’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy
Latha: How is business, are you seeing a sharp uptick in terms of volume pickup in the second quarter. Your first quarter revenues saw a 25 percent uptick. Will the rest of the year be much better considering the kind of improvement or turnaround we are seeing in the automobile sector?
A: Overall business is very good given that our exports are very strong. Domestic market has been showing signs of picking up and our sales have gone up in the Indian market largely because of movement of parts that we have developed in the last few months, those have gone into bulk production and that has added to growth in the domestic market for us. Going ahead for this year in Q1 we have done about Rs 126 crore of turnover. We expect that momentum to maintain and also the earnings momentum to maintain. So overall year ahead looks four times the first quarter at least.
Sonia: The export growth you said was very strong. Which are the key markets that you export to where you are seeing a big pickup and where do you think the next trigger of growth will come from?
A: We export to the US, Europe, also to South America and we are seeing overall recovery in all these markets. And the US market particularly is growing very strong because the truck industry there is on a roll. They are at an all time high and they expect this to continue over the next 12 months. 
Latha: How much is coming from Europe, there the latest data is showing recession?
A: Recession in terms of a marginal fall in GDP but overall the brick-and-mortar sector is continuing to chug along with not much growth as far as existing products and customers are concerned. But there is no fall either and generally we see an overall holding up as far as Europe is concerned.
Latha: You told us you did Rs 125 crore in Q1 so should we assume that your total growth will be Rs 500 crore for the full year or will the remaining three quarters be better than the first quarter?
A: I would say that there is a little bit of scope for the upside but largely it would be in keeping with the first quarter results. 
Sonia: You did report a significant growth in your margins as well to about 22 percent versus 18.5 percent same time last year. Where has that growth come in from on the margin front and how much could your margins be by the end of the fiscal?
A: The margins have come on two fronts as I have been maintaining. First is the base effect that sales go up so your overheads get distributed over greater sales. The second is on account of exchange rate. The rupee has indeed moved sharply over the last few months and because of that we are seeing the benefits shown in the results. These are the two major reasons why margins have improved. 
Apart from that there is always the question of cost reduction, cost cutting and maintenance. We have been able to contain our power costs rather reasonably, that has also contributed significantly to the margins. 
Latha: So what exactly is the number you are looking at? I guess power supply has improved as well with the grid now connecting north and south so do you get to beyond 22 percent, you go towards 25 percent at all for the full year?
A: I would say we should be maintaining 22.5 percent plus. Like on the turnover side there is little bit of scope for the upside but I would say that is not too much. 22.5 percent should hold across the year.
Sonia: How much are you expanding your capacity to and when will your fresh capex come on board?
A: We are on track to achieve around 38000-40000 mt of sales this year. First quarter we have done 9000 mt. We expect to increase our capacity to about 50000 mt by end of this fiscal. 
Latha: So FY16-17 as well you will be able to do this 25 percent because your capex comes on stream?
A: That will largely depend upon the markets. Capacity wise I don’t see a problem, capacity is there so if demand is there we will do 25 percent. Domestic market should pick up by that time and that may be a huge impact. Not that it is doing bad, auto sector is holding up.
Latha: What is the percentage of exports and domestic?
A: We export over 75 percent and domestic stands by at about 25 percent.
MM Forgings stock price
On September 10, 2014, MM Forgings closed at Rs 495.95, up Rs 13.65, or 2.83 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 521.20 and the 52-week low was Rs 72.35.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 28.81 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 17.21. The latest book value of the company is Rs 162.21 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.06.
RELATED NEWS

Selan Exploration appoints Ashok Kumar Maurya as CFOSep 09, 2014, 11.07 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Selan Exploration appoints Ashok Kumar Maurya as CFO
Selan Exploration Technology Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Ashok Kumar Maurya has been appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Meenu Goswami as Company Secretary of the Company w.e.f. September 01, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Selan Exploration appoints Ashok Kumar Maurya as CFO
Selan Exploration Technology Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Ashok Kumar Maurya has been appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Meenu Goswami as Company Secretary of the Company w.e.f. September 01, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Selan Exploration Technology Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Ashok Kumar Maurya has been appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Meenu Goswami as Company Secretary of the Company w.e.f. September 01, 2014.Further, the Company informs that they shall act as Key Managerial Personnel in compliance with Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013.Source : BSE

Selan Explorations Technology announces appoinment of CFO and Company SecretaryThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ashok Leyland gains on new orderThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Few FMCG companies to benefit if raw material prices remain low: Deven ChokseyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Massive rescue operations on  lakhs still stranded in J-KThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cilic routs Nishikori to win US OpenThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi to Meet Obama at White House  to Discuss Counter-TerrorismThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India asks China to reaffirm one-India policyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Zinc futures down 0.94% on subdued demand  weak global cuesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Catch it & grab now the ride will be one topsy turvy & full of...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Should move up bahut paka raha haiCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

What  is this real news if all apollo plants will be shutdown then it...New Member
0 Follower
What, is this real news? if all Apollo plants will be shutdown then it will come down to zero. Could anyone please check and advise is there any such news about Apollo Tyres?
In reply to : Guest message
11.28 AM Sep 9th

Bsk404.. how can you say that it is not an investor friendly stock. si...New Member
1 Followers
bsk404.. how can you say that it is not an investor friendly stock. Since 130 levels it has kept on moving upwards. also after result day it has constantly moved up.. i had bought one day before result when it was 211 and till date my buy price hasnt come. In long term it will keep giving returns. An investor is for a long term. if you want to hold it for 3 to 12 months i do not see any issue at all.
11.28 AM Sep 9th

PM to meet Obama on Sept 29PM to meet Barack Obama on Sept 29 to expand US-India partnership
PTI
Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, and US President, Barack Obama. (file photo)
Washington, Sept 9:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet President Barack Obama at the White House on September 29-30 during which the two leaders would discuss a wide range of issues of mutual interest to expand and deepen the US-India strategic partnership.
The fact that the meeting will be spread over two days reflects the importance the US attaches to bilateral ties, a top official said.
While the format and details of the maiden Obama-Modi meeting has not been announced yet, the two leaders are now scheduled to meet on September 29-30, a presidential spokesperson said.
“President Obama looks forward to welcoming Prime Minister Narendra Modi of India to the White House on September 29-30,” White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said.
"Obama looks forward to working with Modi to fulfil the promise of the US-India strategic partnership for the benefit of both our citizens and the world,'' he added.
“The two leaders will discuss a range of issues of mutual interest in order to expand and deepen the US-India strategic partnership,” Earnest said.
“They will discuss ways to accelerate economic growth, bolster security cooperation, and collaborate in activities that bring long-term benefits to both countries and the world,” he said.
“They will also focus on regional issues, including current developments in Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq, where India and the United States can work together with partners towards a positive outcome,” he said.
Caitlin Hayden, Spokesperson of the National Security Council, said, “We’ll provide more details about the Prime Minister’s visit closer to the end of the month, but the fact that there will be interactions over two days is a signal of the importance we place on the US-India relationship.”
The meeting will mark Modi’s first visit to the US since his party swept to victory in general elections in May.
In 2005, the US State Department had revoked a visa that Modi had for travelling to the US in the wake of the 2002 riots in Gujarat.
He never applied for an American visa after the move.
Soon after his record electoral victory in the May general elections, Obama had called Modi personally and invited him for a meeting in September.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)

Let money be your ladder to successPic Courtesy: -
Ex-banker, Parvathi Krishnan shares a few interesting ways to let your money grow parallelly as you do..
When it comes to growing your money, there is no magic and there are no secrets. To start building your fortune, you don't have to work three jobs. You just need to invest early and invest wisely.
Let's start with the first salary. Since it is a first, do what you will—feel empowered, splurge on yourself, upgrade your wardrobe etc.
Thereafter, what matters is your responsible financial behaviour.
1.Transfer a portion of your monthly surplus to a Recurring Deposit (RD) account in your bank. With netbanking features, this is just a click away.
The effort comes with two benefits—you restrict your spending, and in a year's time, an allocation of Rs.8000 would have grown to more than a lakh of rupees. And you would have surmounted the first roadblock in financial decision -making.
2.Create a Fixed Deposit, with your bank. Keep aside some funds for emergency situations.
3.Start a Public Provident Fund (PPF) account. In a year, you can invest a maximum amount of Rs. 150,000 to get tax benefits. It should not matter that the account has to run for 15 years. It feels like just yesterday, that one was a toddler, doesn't it? Time flies. Besides, once a PPF account is started, you don't have to think too much about other investment avenues, each year, for saving on tax. The amount you invest is extremely flexible, even Rs.1000 a year is sufficient to keep it going during tough times. The interest you earn is tax free.
These simple measures direct us to saving as a way of life. And now, we can look out for means to improve the returns on our saving efforts. The greatest drain on our savings is inflation. In order to earn more, learn more—particularly about Mutual Funds and Stock Market investments. You don't need to be an expert. Seek a trusted adviser and choose 2-3 schemes. Invest in lump-sum or choose a regular investment path through Systematic Investment Plans (SIPs). As you watch the pattern of growth of your portfolio, become more informed so as to be able to channelise your future investments appropriately. It pays to improve our knowledge of finances.
Agreed, everyone is in a hurry. But, certain results need time. Returns are not assured, but, mutual funds, with their expertise, should be able to deliver much more than what is eaten away by inflation. Dividend payouts from Mutual Funds are tax free at the hands of the investor. Long term capital gains benefit also accrue.
Higher returns always carry with them the burden of higher risks. If you have the appetite, invest in stocks directly in the market. It won't hurt to step back a little to get an overview before taking the plunge.
Life Insurance products are recommended especially when there are financially-dependent members. But a medical insurance is a must, given that treatment for lifestyle illnesses cost a bomb.
Invest in gold—it's a hedge against inflation. But you do not have to go overboard and hoard gold, at home. It's unproductive. You can choose to invest through gold funds.
Also consider, the National Pension System (NPS)— a scheme which through regular monthly contributions of up to Rs. 500 can be converted to annuities when it is time to retire.
In the early years, let career matters take priority. You can afford to exercise caution with financial products that are unfamiliar or need extra attention. The aim is to achieve financial security. Spread your wings as you gain confidence and be venturesome. In mid-life situations, you need to reassess whether the investments are progressing the way you want them to, so as to take corrective measures. All the aforementioned options are applicable at any life stage. Difference, if at all, arises because of the change in our risk appetite. The earlier one starts saving, the benefits accruing will be that much more.
First Published: Thursday, September 04, 2014, 13:45

Why quarterly GDP  monthly IIP nos are not reliableYou are here: Home > Collections > Iip
Why quarterly GDP figures & monthly IIP numbers are notoriously unreliable
Avinash Celestine, ET Bureau Sep 7, 2014, 06.07AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(If there is one thing that…)
If there is one thing that is certain about the seemingly solid 5.7% growth in GDP during the first quarter of this year, it is that this number will be revised. Whether up, or down, is as yet unknown. In an email to the media last week, former finance minister P Chidambaram claimed that the credit for the improved performance should be the UPA's and expressed hope that the numbers would be revised upward.
Quarterly GDP figures are notoriously unreliable. Till about 2012, they tended to be revised upward later in the year by the government after the initial estimate was made — sometimes by as much one-and-a-half percentage points. In recent quarters those revisions have been more subdued and uncertain. "The weak monsoon will affect agricultural production, with the strongest effect being felt in the third quarter," says Saumitra Chaudhuri, for mer member of the Planning Commission under the previous government, pointing out that this could adversely affect the overall GDP growth for those quarters.
Chaudhuri also headed a committee to suggest changes in the Index of Industrial Production (IIP), the main indicator of manufacturing data (and which is also a major input into quarterly GDP statistics). The IIP is supposed to track the production of hundreds of manufacturing industries producing everything from ships to bhujia, and how their production evolves from month to month and year to year. It is supposed
to provide a broad-brush picture of the health of the manufacturing industry at any given point in time. In recent years though it has faced the same kinds of criticisms as GDP — being revised frequently and unpredictably after the initial data is released.
To an extent, criticism that the quarterly GDP and IIP numbers are revised well after the excitement over them has died down, is unfair and beside the point. Even in the United States, which arguably has a more sophisticated system to collect statistics than in India, revisions to quarterly GDP are frequent. Given the fairly large size of the Indian economy, and the fact that a major part of it is in the unorganized sector, governments have their task cut out in keeping track of thousands of factories producing hundreds of goods, not just every year or every quarter, but every month in the case of the IIP. One of the main reasons for GDP or IIP data being revised up or down is simply that such data is collected with a large time lag. Till the actual data for a month comes in, government statisticians simply have to make do with shortcuts — for example, by extrapolating past trends into the current quarter or month for a sector whose data is not yet available. But problems with such data go deeper.
  No One Eats Tomato Ketchup
One retired senior government official familiar with how the data collection works on the ground pointed to the problem of tomato ketchup. Tomato ketchup is a Rs 700-crore industry in the country with a bunch of large players — Hindustan Unilever's Kissan, Heinz and Nestle's Maggi among others jostling for space. Yet till recently, the IIP had no separate product category for it, despite having one for chilli sauce.
Units producing tomato ketchup were instead tracked under a heading such as 'other vegetable purees'. The biggest problem facing a measure such as the IIP, and by extension, GDP, is that it is outdated in terms of what industries it tracks, the importance it attaches to those industries within the overall economy, and even the individual units within an industry whose data it collects. To construct the IIP, the government starts off by taking a specific year as its 'base' (currently that is 2004-05). For that year, it compiles a huge list, running into hundreds of pages, of individual industries, their production, and even the individual factories within an industry that it wants to track. The IIP is then simply a record of what those factories produce each month, every year, and aggregated by industry according to their size.
The catch is this: that list of industries, their 'weight' in the overall IIP index, and even the list of factories from which data is collected, is set in stone for future years, till the government chooses to revise its 'base' year. So till a few years ago for instance, the government's IIP was based on a list of industries and factories last compiled in 1993-94. Even with the revision of the base year to 2004-05, 10 years have passed with substantial changes in the broader economy and industry.
The problems this gives rise to, are all too obvious. For instance, a couple of years ago field researchers tracking the output of factories producing antibiotics suddenly started seeing sharp drops in production in that sector. Baffled, they went back to the raw numbers to find that one of the biggest factories they were tracking, located in Punjab and belonging to a major pharma company, had been shut down and moved elsewhere.

Structural reforms needed to sustain recoveryStructural reforms needed to sustain recovery
ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 05.22AM IST
Tags:
exports
(The seasonally-adjusted…)
A frothy stock market is no justification for complacence on the economy. Growth bounced back to 5.7 per cent in the June quarter, the fastest expansion in nearly two years, but the robust growth, especially in manufacturing, was largely due to the base effect.
Its sustainability cannot be guaranteed in the absence of structural reforms. Data on economic indicators, released by other agencies, also suggest that it would be premature to see the first-quarter numbers as showing sustained recovery. Growth in services, that contribute to over 55 per cent of the GDP, has slowed down.
The seasonally-adjusted HSBC India Services Business Activity Index posted a reading of 50.6 in August, down from 52.2 in July. A reading of 50 separates growth from contraction.
Bank credit growth is at a four-and-a-half-year low. The RBI data shows that bank credit grew by 10.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis for the fortnight ended August 22, while deposits grew 13.6 per cent year-on-year for the same period.
Bad loans could surge if banks are forced to lend. Investment revival is what is needed to push up lending. Nor are lending rates coming down, food inflation continues to be a worry. Exports are up, but import growth has slowed down — non-oil imports were stagnant in July — suggesting flagging growth momentum.
A fall in invisibles, that includes transaction in services, transfers and income, is also a worry. Exports could drop, if global growth disappoints. The ball is in the government's court to crystallise investment in the economy and tame inflation. It should cut wasteful subsidies, rather than growth-inducing investments.
So, freeing up diesel prices and letting independent marketing should be a top priority. Subsidy must be converted into investment in the farm sector. The states must be offered full compensation for any revenue loss, to induce cooperation in an early transition to the goods and services tax. Scrapping state monopoly in coal brooks no further delay. All this, of course, calls for political boldness and imagination. And that is what people expect from the present government.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India set for multi-year bull run: Nilesh ShahAxis Capital
(Markets are supported by…)
It is unlikely that markets will be kind to give an opportunity to waiting investors to enter at significantly lower levels from here onwards, says Nilesh Shah, MD & CEO, Axis Capital. The rally is supported by fundamentals as well as flows and investors should not book profits unless they have massively over-allocated to equities, Shah said in an interview to ET. Edited excerpts:
The Indian market has risen sharply in the past few months and we have seen a massive P/E expansion in almost all sectors. Do you think we are heading for a correction? Should investors book profits now?
The Indian equity market has risen from cheap valuations of about 12-13 times forward earnings to the current level of 16-17 times forward earnings. This valuation range is a little above the historical average of the last 20 years. This rise on one side is led by global as well as local flows. Global flows have come partly as they can't go to Russia due to the Ukraine crisis, China due to the credit bubble and governance issues, Brazil as the economy is in recession, Thailand, Indonesia and Turkey due to the political situation. Local flows have come as equity has massively outperformed fixed income, gold and real estate in the last 12-18 months.
We expect flows to continue from the domestic side as equity is massively under-allocated by Indian investors. We also expect flows to continue from foreign investors despite the significant premium valuation Indian markets are enjoying. Markets are supported by improving macroeconomic indicators. Inflation is moderating, growth is improving, currency is stable, oil is softening and sentiments are improving. Everyone wants to wait for the correction to enter the equity market. It is unlikely that markets will be kind to give an opportunity to waiting investors to enter at significantly lower levels from here onwards.
India is on a multi-year bull run supported by fundamentals as well as flows. Investors should not book profit unless they are massively over allocated to equity. Markets being markets will fluctuate. It is a buy-on-dips market. Since large cap and midcaps have started trading at similar valuations, it is recommended to be overweight towards large caps.
Do you think that more funds will flow into emerging markets, especially to India following a rate cut by the ECB?
Indian markets have successfully witnessed the withdrawal of QE in the US. The withdrawal does not reduce the quantu m of liquidity which is pumped into the economy. It reduces the addition of liquidity as the already pumped in liquidity is more than adequate. Japan and European Union are still on easy monetary policy with near zero interest rates and huge amount of liquidity levels are being maintained.
EMs, including India, have more natural resources, more population and better visibility of growth. Developed markets, including EU, have excess liquidity. As long as Indian economy assures better growth prospects and governance standards, it will be fair to assume that we will continue to attract global capital flows.
 
The big fear for the market this week is the Supreme Court verdict on coal blocks. What if the Supreme Court cancels all the coal blocks allotted between 1993 and 2009?
Markets have priced in uncertainty of regulations across many sectors, including utility and mining. Valuations across these sectors are near all-time lows. Cancellations will be a company-specific matter. However, clearing of regulatory uncertainty will help fresh investment and improve growth prospects in the sector which will get reflected in the valuations over a period of time.
At the current market price, what kind of stocks or sectors are you recommending to your clients?
It is not worth investing in equity market from a six-month point of view. This is a period like 2003-2008 where despite corrections, the market is multiplying manyfold. The market is probably not going to give a broad-based sharp rally like last year. It is now a stock-specific bottom-up market. We recommend investors to be overweight on large-cap stocks of quality companies. Focus on non- leveraged companies generating free cash flow and available at reasonable valuation.
We recommend investors to be overweight on technology and banking and financial services sector. We also recommend investor to choose from divestment offerings which will soon be launched.
After a rush in June-July for raising funds through QIPs, there has been a complete pause in fund-raising programmes, barring a few small IPOs, as investors who had rushed to participate in the QIPs are staring at big losses. Do you think the demand for such papers has dried up and the primary market will take more time to revive?

Mid-and small-cap stocks attractive over 2-3 yrs: S Krishna KumarBSE
(The capacity utilisation…)
Despite the massive rise in mid-and small-cap stocks over the past year, they have a lot of upside to offer due to the revival in growth and earnings of these companies, says S Krishna Kumar, Head, Equity, Sundaram Mutual Fund, in an interview with Sanjay Kumar Singh.
The S&P BSE Mid-cap index is up 77% over the previous year, while the Small-cap index is up 100% (2 September). Do you see mid and small-cap stocks rising further?
Though the returns over the past year have been good, one must keep in mind that the mid-and small-cap indices are still 10% and 25% below their 2008 highs, respectively. On the other hand, the Sensex is up 25% over the same period and at a new lifetime high. The economy and the markets were at an inflection point late last year. As always, the first year of a new bull market offers strong returns across market segments, particularly in mid- and small-caps. In 2003, the CNX Midcap had given a return of about 138%, while the Sensex rose only 73%. Even in 2009, as the markets recovered after the Lehman crisis, the BSE Small-cap index rose 128%, while the Sensex was up 81%.
The economy could move to a 7% growth trajectory in a couple of years. The capacity utilisation levels in most mid-cap companies are below 75% and, hence, they are wellplaced to capture this growth. With both earnings and balance sheets likely to improve, the mid- and small-cap segment will continue to remain attractive over the next 2-3 years.
Are valuations of the mid-and small-cap stocks being stretched? Should investors book profits in these stocks?
There has been a significant valuation rerating in the past 12 months, which has been a major contributor to returns. The earnings growth momentum will follow in the next 36 months and it will drive returns for investors. So, I would recommend that investors stay invested in equity mutual fund schemes to benefit from this growth. As always, there could be pockets of overvaluation or undervaluation, and investors or fund managers will have to manage actively to optimise returns.
You manage three mid- and smallcap funds: Select Mid-cap, SMILE and Multiplier. How are they different from each other in terms of investment approach?
The investment approach in SMILE and Select Mid-cap is more or less similar. 'Catch them young' and 'hold on to tomorrow's large-caps' are the themes in these funds. There is a lot of white space in the Indian equity markets, given the sell side's concentrated coverage of the top 50-75 stocks. Our equity team follows a research process that works to unearth under-researched companies and build conviction for them. We like to buy companies that have a scalable business model, sustainable positive operating cash flow, and improving return ratios. We buy these companies young, at relatively low valuations, and enjoy the earnings growth that is compounded by valuation rerating as these companies grow bigger and faster.
While the Mid-cap fund works in the market cap range of `5,000-15,000 crore, the SMILE fund invests in smaller companies with market caps of less than `5,000 crore. Of course, there tends to be a 10% stock overlap between the two schemes. SMILE tends to be a lot more volatile, given its lower market cap portfolio, and is also run more aggressively than the Mid-cap fund.
The Equity Multiplier is a multi-cap product, with 60-65% allocation to largecaps and the rest to mid- and small-caps. We try to create alpha by being contrarian with a longer time horizon. In the lower market cap space of 35%, we buy into high-quality MNC companies that offer steady growth, backed by strong parents and strong balance sheets. Overall, we keep the churn ratio low with a buy-and-hold approach.
  In Sundaram Select Mid-cap fund portfolio, your highest allocation is to auto ancillaries. Why are you bullish on this sector?
India offers a great growth opportunity for many consumer-oriented sectors, given its favourable demographics, and auto is one of them. Being a mid-cap fund, not many auto companies fit the market cap criteria. The other way to play this sector is through auto ancillary stocks that benefit from the growth of their customer sector. The auto ancillary companies have reached a certain scale in terms of capacity, customer mix, technology and markets, and they also export. The companies that we own are leaders in terms of technology, markets and distribution, and have a strong parentage.
In SMILE, your highest allocation is to private banks. Why do you favour this sector?
Private banks have shown high and profitable growth. The banks we have invested in have a strong management. They have a clear road map for profitable growth. A sharp focus on spreads and credit quality, a credit mix biased towards consumer and SME banking makes us bullish on these stocks.
Why have you launched a micro-cap fund series, that too, in the closed-ended format? We already have large-, mid-, small- and multi-cap funds for investors. With four years of slowing economic growth, the lower end of the market—represented by companies with less than Rs 3,000 crore in market cap—was hurt badly by investor apathy. The valuations are attractive in light of the impending economic upcycle. Moreover, new companies in sunrise sectors are starting as micro-caps and offer a high growth potential.
So, we decided to launch the micro-cap series. Liquidity in this market segment is low. Besides, investors need to be patient while investing in micro-caps as they grow into larger companies, with commensurate valuation rerating or price discovery. In some cases, returns could be more back-ended. Internally, we have put in place strategies to optimise risk. This is the reason we have launched it as a closed-ended structure.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Grey IPO market shows signs of revival with Sensex scaling new peaksGrey IPO market shows signs of revival with Sensex scaling new peaks
Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 08.47AM IST
Tags:
Adlabs Imagica
(Snowman Logistics, yet…)
MUMBAI: After being in the doldrums for two years, the grey market for initial public offers (IPOs) is showing signs of revival with the Sensex scaling new peaks and the prospect for the primary market also looking encouraging. What's added to the general euphoria is the overwhelming response to the recent IPO of Snowman Logistics, triggering a revival in grey market premiums.
Snowman Logistics, yet to be listed, is currently trading at Rs 20, or a premium of 43 per cent, to the higher end of the price band of Rs 47, while Sharda Crop Care, whose issue opened on September 5, is trading at a premium of about Rs 64, or 41 per cent, to the upper end of the price band of Rs 156, according to people familiar with the development.
With equity offerings like Shemaroo Entertainment , Lavasa Corporation , Monte Carlo Fashion and Adlabs Imagica on the cards, the focus is firmly on the Snowman listing later this week.
"To sustain the revival of the grey market, the Snowman Logistics issue, which was subscribed almost 60 times last month, has to be listed at a premium of over 43 per cent, which is the grey market premium as of now," said Arun Kejriwal, CEO, KRIS , an investment advisory firm.
The IPO grey market is an unofficial market where investors can spread bets ahead of listing on the bourses. If the shares list at a premium to the offer price, a participant in the grey market makes profit. Chances of loss are rare as the grey market demand determines investor's interest in most small and midsized issues.
The grey market went through a dull phase in the last two years due to limited opportunities. While in 2013, there were only three IPOs which raised just about Rs 1,284 crore, only two companies have raised Rs 379 crore so far this year despite a sharp rally in the secondary market.
Non-banking finance companies of big brokerage houses are aggressively extending margin funding to high net worth individuals (HNIs) for the IPOs with an interest rate of around 10 per cent annually for 9-10 days. IPOs generally get listed within 12 days from the closing date of an issue and, hence, returns are calculated on this period.
Normally, HNIs bid aggressively for an IPO based on the grey market price. In the case of Snowman Logistics, the HNI portion was subscribed 222 times as the grey market premium was about 43 per cent.
Surprisingly, for the Snowman issue, the grey market transaction took place at the maximum Rs 2-lakh size, but allotment will first be made for the lowest lot size of Rs 15,000 per application, said brokers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Buying property 10 tips before striking a good dealYou are here: Home > Collections > Sops
Planning to buy property? Consider these 10 points before striking a deal
Sanjay Kumar Singh & Amit Shanbaug, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 10.26AM IST
Tags:
Builders
(We tell you about the pitfalls…)
Sushmita Sinha, 47, a business woman based in Noida, is eager to buy an apartment, but is assailed by doubts on many fronts. Should she buy now or wait for some more time? Have the prices bottomed out or could they fall further? Every day she comes across newspaper advertisements from builders offering discounts and sops, each seemingly more attractive than the other. This avalanche of special offers has left Sinha confused. How should she go about assessing their real worth?
Then there are the complexities of taxation and insurance associated with the purchase of a house, all of which she finds perplexing. Like Sinha, thousands of buyers across the country want to purchase a property now, but don't have the answers to the abovementioned, and several other, questions.
In this week's cover story, we provide the required answers, tell you about the many pitfalls that you should avoid, and also offer a comprehensive road map to help you undertake what is, perhaps, the single largest, most expensive and important investment of your life.
1. Don't wait for prices to correct
Barring cities in the South, which have witnessed a considerable price rise over the past 12 months (see table), prices have been either stagnant or have risen marginally in the top cities. They have corrected in only a few pockets.
Says Om Ahuja, CEO, residential services, Jones Lang LaSalle India: "Prices have dropped in only a handful of projects in specific locations and extended suburbs. These are not relevant overall because either these locations or the specific products have inherent flaws."
To wait for a correction in prices from now onwards would amount to living in a fool's paradise. With a stable government coming to power, a Budget that had several positive provisions for the realty sector, and GDP growth reviving in the April-June quarter, the sentiment in the realty market may improve. So, buy property right away. Prices have already bottomed out. Since the pace of transaction remains slow, builders are still offering price discounts and other sops. Once the sales pick up, they may withdraw the offers.
 
2. Don't expect quick gains
Those investing in real estate now should not expect prices to rise sharply over the next year or so, the primary reason being that they have already increased to a high level in most cities, especially in Mumbai and the National Capital Region (NCR). Says Anshuman Magazine, CMD, CB Richard Ellis South Asia: "The sales volumes have gone down in Mumbai and the NCR because prices in these cities have risen very high. In places like Bangalore and Chennai, where prices are still at a level that can be absorbed by the market, sales are still happening."
Another factor that will prevent prices from appreciating is the huge pile-up of inventory in most cities (see High inventory will keep prices under pressure).
Even though sales have slowed down, developers keep launching projects because they have invested huge sums in land and need to earn returns. According to Pankaj Kapoor, MD, Liases Foras, a real estate research firm, "Prices in the top cities will be under pressure for the next year or two due to the accumulation of a huge inventory. Efficient markets maintain 8-10 months of inventory, but in most Indian cities the level is much higher." Owing to cost escalation, developers can't cut prices. So what we are likely to see is time correction. "Sales won't pick up until people's incomes rise to a level where current realty prices become affordable," says Kapoor.
If you are investing in real estate now, have an investment horizon of five years or more. Also, expect more modest returns than in the past. Says Magazine: "The time for quick and abnormal gains from real estate is over." He adds that Indians will have to get used to more normal gains from realty in the future, as is the case in the mature markets of the West. A normal rate of return implies one that exceeds the inflation rate by a few percentage points.
3. Factor in borrowing costs
The interest rates on home loans are currently in double digits. A combination of factors, including high prices of apartments, high home loan rates, and slow growth in salaries in urban areas owing to the economic slowdown, has made it difficult for people to buy a house. Those buying property as an investment must live with the fact that while they will have to pay 10-11 per cent interest on the loan, the current slowdown in the realty market means that the value of their property may not appreciate at all, or may see a single-digit rise. So their net gain may be negative in the short to medium term.

Tata Value Homes sells 85 houses worth Rs 40 crore on SnapdealYou are here: Home > Collections
Tata Value Homes sells 85 houses worth Rs 40 crore on Snapdeal
PTI Sep 4, 2014, 06.46PM IST
Tags:
Amit Maheshwari
(Tata Value Homes, focused…)
NEW DELHI: Tata Value Homes, focused on affordable housing, has sold 85 houses worth Rs 40 crore in six days under its partnership with e-commerce major Snapdeal.
On August 28, Tata Value Homes launched an exclusive offer on Snapdeal, offering Rs 10,000 per month for a year as an assured rent (whether owners stay on premise or lease it out).
"We are overwhelmed and amazed with response from customers, we have sold 85 units of Tata Value Homes worth Rs 40 crore on Snapdeal. This has reaffirmed our belief that the customer has adapted to online home purchase as easily as other categories," Snapdeal VP (Fashion) Amit Maheshwari said.
As part of the partnership, houses across projects in cities like Mumbai, Pune, Ahmedabad, Bangalore and Chennai were put up for sale on Snapdeal. Ranging from 1 BHK to 3 BHK, the houses are priced between Rs 18--70 lakh. Interested customers could book their houses for Rs 30,000.
"Our research shows 70 per cent of our customers search online before buying a home. We strongly believe that India is ready to buy homes online," Tata Housing Development Company Senior Vice President (Marketing & Sales) A Harikesh said.
The phenomenal response received from the customers during the launch of our partnership with Snapdeal is a testimony to this belief, he added.
Tata Value Homes, a subsidiary of Tata Housing Development Company, sells houses through its own portal as well. Tata Value Homes would continue to sell through Snapdeal even though the offer would not be available.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Public sector banks headed for consolidation after Sept quarter resultsYou are here: Home > Collections
Public sector banks headed for consolidation after September quarter results
Dheeraj Tiwari, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 06.13AM IST
(According to the ministry’s…)
NEW DELHI: Consolidation among state-run banks is set to a get big push after the results for the quarter to September are declared, with the finance ministry nudging large public sector banks to look at possible combinations in this regard.
The ministry is expected to soon hold a meeting with all state-run banks to discuss issues related to their operations, their contribution to the economy and coordination with other arms of the government.
The issue of consolidation will also be discussed at this meeting, a senior finance ministry official said, adding that any merger proposal will be evaluated on the parameters of pan-India presence, business and information technology integration.
"The government has limited capital to offer and it has to be deployed judiciously," the official said on condition of anonymity. The government will draw the road map for bank capitalisation on the basis of performance of the banks in the second quarter of the current fiscal, the official added.
According to the ministry's estimates, state-run banks require Rs 2.4 lakh crore as equity by 2018 to meet the global Basel III capital norms. But the government has allocated a relatively paltry Rs 11,200 crore for bank capitalisation in this fiscal.
"If some bank has viable merger proposal we can allocate more resources towards that to support its plan," the official added. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said in his budget speech that the government had received some suggestions for consolidation of public sector banks. "Government, in principle, agrees to consider these suggestions," he had noted.
The official cited earlier said, "A best case scenario will be where the merged entities have a pan-India presence, no conflicting subsidiary and fairly equal business mix."
The merger process can kick off with the country's largest bank, State Bank of India, taking over one of its subsidiaries. The bank has estimated Rs 32,831 crore as total capital requirement under the Basel III capital adequacy framework for all of SBI's subsidiary banks from 2014-15 to 2018-19.
A chairman of a state-run bank said that most banks would not be interested in merger at this juncture when the bad loans in the system have peaked.
"Why should we take over a bank such as United Bank of India, which is struggling, unless the rewards are much higher than the risk?" he asked, requesting anonymity.
The gross non-performing assets of staterun banks touched Rs 2.16 lakh crore at the end of March, an increase of 39 per cent over the previous fiscal.
The government intends to keep its holding in public sector banks at 52 per cent. It has also asked these banks to hive off their non-core businesses such as insurance or get them listed to raise resources.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dhoni refuses to comment on issue of fans booing England playersThe T20 match was attended by over 20,000 fans, majority of whom were Indian. (Source: Reuters)
Press Trust of India | Headingley | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:29 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 1:59 pm
In no mood to be drawn into a controversy at the end of an exhausting tour, Indian skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni steered clear of queries on England’s cricketers, especially spinner Moeen Ali, getting booed on home turf during the one-off Twenty20 match here.
India’s tour of England drew to a close on a rather disappointing note with the team losing the Twenty20 match by three runs here. This came after Indians rebounded from the Test series loss to clinch the ODIs with dominating performances.
During yesterday’s match, England cricketers were incessantly booed by a majority of the 24,000-strong crowd, most notably Ali, who had interestingly sought more support from home fans ahead of the match. Birmingham has a sizeable Indian population.
When asked about the booing, England skipper Eoin Morgan laughed it off, saying, “We all got booed.”
However Dhoni equated it with the booing of Indian all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja during the Test series after his infamous altercation with James Anderson.
“Did you ever ask about Jadeja getting booed?,” Dhoni said at the post-match press conference.
” (On) the last day of the tour, I don’t want to start another controversy,” he added.

Record closing high: Sensex soars 293 pts  Nifty above 8150Sep 08, 2014, 04.35 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Record closing high: Sensex soars 293 pts, Nifty above 8150
Analysts feel the bulls are here to stay for long. Gautam Shah of JM Financials dishes out aggressive targets for the Nifty. He expects the 50-share index to hit 10700 by December 2015 while Jim Walker of Asianomics says the bull run in India will go on till 2018.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Record closing high: Sensex soars 293 pts, Nifty above 8150
Analysts feel the bulls are here to stay for long. Gautam Shah of JM Financials dishes out aggressive targets for the Nifty. He expects the 50-share index to hit 10700 by December 2015 while Jim Walker of Asianomics says the bull run in India will go on till 2018.
Post your opinion here
16:27
Moneycontrol Bureau
After a short pit-stop, the bulls have resumed their record-breaking sprint on Dalal Street. The Nifty managed to close above 8150-level, up 87.05 points or 1.08 percent at 8173.90 while the Sensex was up 293.15 points or 1.08 percent at 27319.85. About 2075 shares have advanced, 956 shares declined, and 93 shares are unchanged.
Analysts feel the bulls are here to stay for long. Gautam Shah of JM Financials dishes out aggressive targets for the Nifty. He expects the 50-share index to hit 10700 by December 2015 while Jim Walker of Asianomics says the bull run in India will go on till 2018.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Walker says this is not the time to think about end of the bull run instead it is great time to buy into the market.
Hindalco, Wipro, HDFC Bank and SBI are top gainers in the Sensex. Shares of ONGC jumped over 3 percent while OIL also hit all-time high of Rs 667.45 per share. Bank of America Merril Lynch is bullish on the stocks with a higher target price expecting more gains from oil reforms.
Asian Paints was the biggest Nifty gainer, touching record high on hopes of 20 percent growth in domestic paint industry by FY16. The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham) estimates the Indian paint industry to surge from the current level of about Rs 40,600 crore to about Rs 62,000 crore by 2016 witnessing a breathtaking double-digit compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of about 20 percent.
Midcaps continued to fare better than the blue chips with the index rallying over 150 points. Among the midcaps, Torrent Power, Punj Lloyd, MRF, Apollo Tyres and Max India were major gainers.
Tyre stocks rallied 2-20 percent as domestic rubber prices have seen sharpest fall in five years, hitting Rs 126 per kg. Rubber prices are down 25 percent since average of Rs 169/kg seen in January.
14:00

Too late to sack Alastair Cook as ODI captain: GilesFormer coach Giles said that the World Cup was too close for England to axe Cook as it would unsettle the camp. (Source: Reuters)
Press Trust of India | London | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:16 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 5:31 pm
The clamour for his sacking as England’s ODI captain has grown shrill after the debacle against India but former coach Ashley Giles feels it is too late to do this as the World Cup is just five months away.
“I’d keep him as captain because we’re close to the World Cup. It’s important from a leadership point of view,” Giles told ‘BBC Radio 5 live’.
England lost the recently-concluded ODI series against India 1-3 and Cook’s future is a major talking point ahead of the seven 50-over matches against Sri Lanka in November and December.
Giles, who was England’s ODI coach from 2012 to until earlier this year, said Cook’s position could become “untenable” if another series is lost.
“The seven one-day games in Sri Lanka are so important,” he said.
“Winning there is very difficult, so if the weight of pressure and the public opinion against Cook continues to rise then his position could become untenable by the end of that series.”
Giles said Cook might have faced the axe as Test captain too had it not been for a couple of decent knocks against India before the ODI series.
“If (Ravindra) Jadeja had taken that catch at Southampton when Cook was on 15 we might already have a new captain – but it’s too late to change it now,” said Giles.
“Cook deserves a bit of time but he’s not playing well – he’s just beating the ball up; he’s not caressing it, not timing it. He could use his feet more and be a bit more pro-active and that is the Alastair Cook I have seen play well in one-day cricket.”

India s fast bowlers will be key in World Cup defence: AkhtarPress Trust of India | Birmingham | Posted: September 8, 2014 5:31 pm
Former Pakistan speedster Shoaib Akhtar, once a nemesis of many a top Indian batsman, is now ready to offer advice to his arch-rivals saying that Mohammad Shami, Umesh Yadav and Varun Aaron will be key to India’s 2015 World Cup defence.
“Shami, Umesh (Yadav) and (Varun) Aaron are the ones. Keep them fresh, well trained and give them proper practice from the World Cup’s point of view. If these three bowlers can be fit and firing in the World Cup then India will be unstoppable,” Akhtar said on the sidelines the limited-overs series between India and England.
Shoaib, who turned to coaching with the State Bank of Pakistan in the upcoming first-class season, also gave some food for thought to the Indian think-tank that has been using Shami and Bhuvneshwar Kumar like work-horses over the past year or so.
“Atleast, one month before the World Cup is to begin India should give its main fast bowlers optimum rest. Rotate them, take care of them and then bring them up to match fitness slowly.
“If they play a long tour in Australia, then they will get jaded and fatigued. So train them away from international cricket and then slowly give them match fitness. Make sure they don’t look for match fitness in the World Cup. Keep them fresh for the World Cup,” opined Akhtar.
Sharing his concern for Indian bowling, Akhtar sounded pretty optimistic on evidence of the five-match ODI series in England that the Men in Blue won by a 3-1 margin.
“India’s death bowling is improving. Shami has been very good in this ODI series. The problem is that they do not have someone at mid-on and mid-off telling them what to do. India is missing experience in its bowling.
“They need to have a Pakistani mindset for bowling. Wasim Akram and I have been helping them whenever they have approached us with questions, but we can only help so much. This is a slow process, but definitely they are getting there in terms of death bowling,” he said.
India will be playing a full series versus West Indies at home and thereafter going on a full tour to Australia.
They will spend five months Down Under, playing four Tests, a tri-series against Australia and England, and then the World
Cup in Australia-New Zealand. “The Indian bowlers only need to concentrate on their pace. They shouldn’t worry about movement. They have got the ability to move the ball but they don’t have pace.
You should always do new things in the nets and look to add what weapon is not there in your armoury.
“So they should keep looking to work on their pace, looking to increase it.
If they try to maintain their current pace, it will come down because of fatigue as they play too much cricket,” said the tearaway fast bowler, who holds the record for the quickest ball bowled in international cricket.
The 39-year-old Rawalpindi Express also urged India to nurture cricketing relations to keep the game healthy.
“People from both countries want to see the political issues between our continued…

Bengal tea estates to reap benefits from alternative uses of landBengal tea estates to reap benefits from alternative uses of land
Our Bureau
Tea estates' land will not be put to use that might be detrimental to the interest of the labours.
Kolkata. September 8:  
West Bengal plans to allow alternative use of land – for tourism, horticulture, medicinal plant cultivation, and hydro-electricity generation – by tea estates. The State produces nearly 25 per cent of the country’s tea production. In a draft notification issued last month, the State Government proposed to amend the Schedule F of the West Bengal Estates Acquisition Rules 1954, and the West Bengal Estates Acquisition Act, 1953, to incorporate the provisions for alternate use of land leased out to organised tea sector.
The draft notification is in line with the industry’s demand for allowing the sector to help maximise revenue opportunities, without changing the basic character of a tea estate, says Manojit Dasgupta, Secretary General, Indian Tea Association.
“ITA may request the government to also incorporate a provision for allowing tea estates in pursing dairy activities,” he said.
Dasgupta says the proposed amendments ensured that the State would have adequate handle on the plantation sector to prevent a complete diversion of land in non-tea activities.
It ensured that the estates (running well over 1,000 acres) cannot use more than five acres of land for tourism. The civil construction has to be limited in 1.5 acres in the plains (where estates are large in size) and only one acre in the Darjeeling hills.
There is no particular restriction on land-use for horticulture or medicinal plants. But the provisions make sure that tea has to be mainstay of business and, any such alternative use has to be approved by the district administration.
The district government would allow such use only if the land is unsuitable for producing tea and the move is not detrimental to the interest of the labours.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)

Trendspotting in BerlinAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Jung will invite BJP to form Delhi govt  Centre likely to tell SC todayJung will invite BJP to form Delhi govt, Centre likely to tell SC today
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 09, 2014
First Published: 00:02 IST(9/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:02 IST(9/9/2014)
Comments
Will Delhi go for another round of elections or get a BJP government? The answer may come Tuesday when the Supreme Court hears the Centre’s response to a petition calling for an end to the political deadlock in the Capital.
The government is likely to tell the court that Delhi’s lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung would invite the largest party — the BJP — to form the government.
Read: BJP divided: Some feel atmosphere not conducive to form govt
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) had on February 24 moved the court, challenging the imposition of the President’s rule. The party, which opted out after ruling Delhi for barely 49 days, has demanded that the assembly be dissolved and elections called. Hearing the petition on August 5, the court gave the Centre five weeks to reply.
Read: Kejri claims poaching bid, BJP asks leader to explain
AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal addresses a press conference in New Delhi on Monday. (PTI Photo)
According to sources, the BJP will form the government if it manages to get the numbers or Delhi may go to the polls early next year.
The effective strength of the 70-member Delhi assembly has been reduced to 67 after three BJP MLAs were elected to the Lok Sabha. The BJP and ally Shiromani Akali Dal now have 29 MLAs, AAP 28 and the Congress has eight. The Janata Dal (U) has one and there is an Independent member as well. The BJP needs 34 MLAs to come to power.
HT poll: 68% say L-G should call for fresh assembly polls in Delhi
Saying MLAs couldn’t sit idle and draw salaries from taxpayers’ money, a constitution bench headed by justice HL Dattu had on August 5 questioned the Centre’s move to keep the assembly in suspended animation and asked it to either ensure an alternative government or dissolve the House.
“You are paying tax-payers’ money to elected law-makers. I’m a citizen of Delhi. I want them to serve me. Take a decision at the earliest,” justice Dattu, who will take over as the Chief Justice of India on September 28, had said.
Jung, who runs Delhi on behalf of the Centre, had on September 4 given a report to home minister Rajnath Singh on options available to end the six-month long impasse. Arvind Kejriwal had resigned as chief minister on February 14 after the assembly failed to take up a bill for setting up of the anti-corruption watchdog the lokpal.

Index Outlook: The charge of the bull brigadeEconomic numbers from India continued to send mixed signals
There is no sign of weakness. Investors must ride the rally till a reversal is confirmed
September 7, 2014:  
It was a double-treat for the denizens of Dalal Street last week. Not only did the Nifty clamber above 8,000, the Sensex decided to emulate its peer by moving above the 27,000 mark too. Both the indices have closed the week beyond these milestones, much to the delight of the investors.
But with the rally comes doubt and anxiety and the oft-repeated question — when will the correction start?
No one really knows the answer. But it needs to be remembered that corrections can be of two kinds — one, where stock prices dive sharply in a short period and, two, where they move sideways for extended periods. The Sensex and the Nifty have been in the second kind of correction since June. The breakout, if it sustains next week, can take the indices a little further from these levels.
Traders are advised not to fight the trend by taking a contrarian short position before a trend reversal is confirmed.
The ongoing rally in global markets is also helping Indian equity markets. Foreign portfolio investors were going a little slow with their equity market purchases in September, but they have ploughed in $13.7 billion into equity so far this year.
The appetite for emerging market equity among foreign investors too continues to be robust.
According to EPFR Global, a global fund tracker, commitments to Emerging Markets Equity Funds, hit an 82-week high last week. This is the 14th week of net inflows in this category in the last 15 weeks.
Economic numbers from India continued to send mixed signals. Output of eight core industries rose at a slower 2.7 per cent in July compared to a year ago, showing that industrial production has not really gained traction. There was a decrease in the CAD from 4.8 per cent of GDP a year ago to 1.7 per cent in the June 2014 quarter. But this decline is due to the effect of high base.
Sequentially, the CAD, in absolute terms, has increased from $1.2 billion in March to $7.8 billion. Services PMI too declined to 3-month low in August.
Sensex (27,026.7)
The Sensex is in an indomitable mood. It managed to hold on to the gains made in the early part of the week to close the week 388 points higher.
The week ahead: The index is pausing over the last two sessions. Immediate supports are at 26,683 and 26,492. Short-term investors can play long as long as the first support holds.
Targets on a break above 27,225 are 27, 436 and 27,831
Medium-term trend: The Sensex has managed a break past the medium-term resistance at 27,000.
It is yet to be seen if it is able to sustain above this level.
If the index gives way early next week, it needs to close below 26,314 before the medium-term trend can be said to be at risk. If it continues soaring higher, next medium-term target is 28,400.
Nifty (8,086.8)
The Nifty too managed to close well above the 8,000 mark last week.
The week ahead: Movement over the past week indicates that the index wants to forge ahead in the short term.
Immediate upward targets are 8,214, 8223 and 8,244. In other words, you need to be careful between 8,200 and 8,250.
Target beyond 8,250 is 8,328.
Supports for the week are at 7,966 and 7,863. Short-term traders can hold their long positions as long as the first support holds.
Medium-term trend: The medium-term trend is turning bullish with the move above 8,000. But the index needs to sustain above this level for some more time for us to confirm a breakout. Next medium-term target is 8,500.
Investors need to worry about the medium term only on a decline below 7,500.
Global cues
Most global indices held on to their gains last week. European stocks surged after the ECB announced a stimulus package.
The DAX, the CAC and the FTSE recorded strong gains last week. The DJ Euro STOXX 50 index rallied 3 per cent and is moving close to its recent peak at 3325.
The formation in the Dow is similar to the Sensex and the Nifty. It is moving in an extremely narrow band at higher levels. It appears poised for a break upward to 17,830.
Most Asian indices including the Shanghai Composite ended the week on a strong note.
Nymex crude fell to a low of $ 92.7 last week. It has a strong support around the $90 region where it can halt.
But a further slide can take crude to $85. But the rupee needs to be closely watched.
(This article was published on September 7, 2014)

Lenders to take charge of asset sale at LancoCommercial Operational Date
(The company, which has been…)
NEW DELHI: India's top lenders, impatient with the delays in cash-strapped Lanco Infratech's asset-disposal programme, are planning to take direct charge of the process to ensure they get what was owed to them, while providing fresh loans to get projects that have been stuck for various reasons moving again, according to an internal note.
The banks, which have an exposure of Rs 49,000 crore to Lanco, will set up a three-member committee to run asset divestment. The company, which has been looking to raise money to pare debt, recently found a buyer for its Udupi power project but hasn't met with much success other than that. The lenders in turn will give fresh loans to complete projects that have got stuck.
The bankers to Lanco, which has a market cap of less than Rs 2,000 crore, have decided that the "lead banker of project under construction may re-appraise the project within September 2014 and consider financing either 80:10:10 or convert part of the debt into equity upfront to ensure projects are completed and lenders can recoup their dues."
This means that banks will give fresh loans to the extent of 80% of the project cost. In addition, 10% will be given in the form of sub-debt that can be converted into equity any time before the commercial operational date (COD). Hence the promoters need to chip in only 10% of the project cost as equity, said a banker, requesting anonymity.
The measures were decided at a meeting headed by Punjab National Bank chairman and managing director KR Kamath last month in the Capital and attended by top officials of almost all leading banks and Lanco executives.
"Lenders expressed their concern that the overdue position of the company is very serious. It was also observed that other than Udupi, presently the company has no offer for any other asset to liquidate," according to the note on the proceedings that was reviewed by ET.
"Lenders felt that the company should expedite steps for monetising their assets to liquidate, and the company's contention that they are not able to find suitable buyer is not acceptable," the note said. Officials of SBI Caps, which is advising the company, told bankers at the meeting that, "Owing to environment factors, the Lanco group has suffered heavily and has been incurring losses for the last two years. Its cash flow is heavily strained and currently there are over dues to the tune of Rs 1,700 crore to the entire banking system," according to the note.
The company, which recently sold its Udupi power project to Adani Power for Rs 6,000 crore, is expecting a net cash flow of Rs 925 crore after adjustment of debt.
"Only Udupi sale alone will not be sufficient to improve the cash flow position of the group. The lenders need to explore what asset could be sold next at the earliest so that the debt burden on the group reduces," bankers observed at the meeting, according to the note. A Lanco spokesperson said the company had asked for loans in the 80:10:10 ratio to help ease the pressure on it.
"Our corporate debt restructuring (CDR) package has in itself a definitive programme of selling some of our assets and to that extent we too have engaged various investment bankers besides being in talks with strategic partners on some of the assets," the spokesperson told ET.
A mail sent to the leading banks including Punjab National Bank, ICICI Bank and State Bank of India did not elicit a response as of press time. The banks decided that monitoring institutions should expedite the release of priority loans and need-based, non-fund facilities to kickstart the operating cycle.
The company has sought the relaxation of pre-disbursement conditions for the release of undrawn priority loans of Rs 1,445 crore, the note revealed. In addition, it asked for sanction and disbursement of untied priority loans of .`402 crore, and a fresh bank guarantee limit of Rs 1,650 crore.
However, the Lanco spokesperson said, "Other than what was sanctioned under the CDR package, no further bank guarantee was sought by us in any forum since last two months." Lanco's official in the meeting said that the company has an order book of Rs 21,000 crore, including Rs 18,048 crore from the power sector.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NSE FO additions: Eicher Motors  Motherson  TVS up over 3%Sep 09, 2014, 09.56 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
NSE F&O additions: Eicher Motors, Motherson, TVS up over 3%
The National Stock Exchange of India, on September 8, decided to add Eicher Motors, Motherson Sumi Systems, Mindtree, SKS Microfinance and TVS Motor Company in its Futures and Options segment with effect from September 10.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NSE F&O additions: Eicher Motors, Motherson, TVS up over 3%
The National Stock Exchange of India, on September 8, decided to add Eicher Motors, Motherson Sumi Systems, Mindtree, SKS Microfinance and TVS Motor Company in its Futures and Options segment with effect from September 10.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of Eicher Motors , Motherson Sumi Systems , Mindtree ,  SKS Microfinance and  TVS Motor Company gained as much as 1.4-3.6 percent intraday Tuesday on additions in NSE F&O segment.
"Based on the stock selection criteria as prescribed by SEBI circular and approval received from SEBI, the futures and options contracts on above five additional securities would be available for trading w.e.f. September 10, 2014," said the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) in its filing.
It added that the market lot, scheme of strikes and quantity freeze limit of the above mentioned securities will be announced on September 09, 2014.
NSE adds stocks in F&O segment on the basis of following criteria:
1) The stock shall be chosen from amongst the top 500 stocks in terms of average daily market capitalisation and average daily traded value in the previous six months on a rolling basis.
2) The stock's median quarter-sigma order size over the last six months shall be not less than Rs 10 lakh. For this purpose, a stock's quarter-sigma order size shall mean the order size (in value terms) required to cause a change in the stock price equal to one-quarter of a standard deviation.
3) The market wide position limit in the stock shall not be less than Rs 300 crore.
Currently, 135 scrips trade in the NSE F&O segment.
Company Name
Price at 9:35 am (Rs)
% Change

Cipla jumps 2%  collaborates with UK s SD PharmaSep 09, 2014, 09.53 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cipla jumps 2%, collaborates with UK's S&D Pharma
As per the agreement, Cipla will be driving its respiratory product portfolio in both Czech Republic and Slovakia through a Cipla owned sales force team, managed by Cipla commercial head. S&D Pharma will physically distribute all products, including respiratory products, and this portfolio will increase over the next few years.

Crude oil prices mixed in AsiaCrude oil prices mixed in Asia
PTI
Tweet
Singapore, Sept 9:  
Crude oil prices were mixed in Asia today, coming under pressure on concerns about fragile demand, flush global supplies and a surging US dollar, analysts said.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate (WTI) for October delivery rose 33 cents to USD 92.99 in late-morning trade, while Brent crude for October fell nine cents to USD 100.11.
WTI had dropped 63 cents to USD 92.66 in New York, its lowest level since January, while Brent declined 62 cents to USD 100.20 in London after initially falling below the USD 100 threshold in intra-day trading.
“The unexpectedly weak US jobs number puts doubt in the global oil demand outlook matched against more than ample oil supply,” United Overseas Bank said in a note.
A below-forecast US jobs report and disappointing manufacturing data out of Europe and China last week have compounded investors’ fears about weakening global energy demand.
A surge in the US dollar following a fall in US bond prices has also put pressure on crude prices, analysts said.
The US dollar was buying 106.25 yen in Asia today, compared with 106.03 yen yesterday in New York.
A stronger greenback makes dollar—priced oil and commodities more expensive for buyers using weaker currencies, denting demand and pushing prices lower.
Investors are keeping a close watch on insurgencies in crude producers Libya and Iraq as well as Ukraine, a key conduit for Russian gas exports to Europe.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)

Lawsuit says Disney  Sony  others suppressed...Federal lawsuit accuses Disney, Sony and others of conspiring to suppress wages
Reuters Sep 9, 2014, 10.22AM IST
Tags:
Dreamworks
(Disney had already reached…)
A federal lawsuit filed on Monday accuses Walt Disney Co , Sony Pictures and other leaders in special effects and animation of conspiring to suppress wages in the industry through "no-raid" agreements.
The lawsuit filed in US District Court in San Jose, California also names DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc, Digital Domain 3.0 and ImageMovers LLC as defendants.
The proposed class action alleges that the defendants agreed not to poach employees from one another, artificially depressing wages.
Disney had already reached a $9 million settlement with salaried employees in July 2013 as part of a broader class action over no-raid agreements in the California technology industry.
The proposed class in the new lawsuit consists of "technical, artistic, creative and/or research and development" employees and is not restricted to salaried employees.
The lawsuit alleges that the conspiracy in the animation industry dates back to 1986, when Lucasfilm Ltd and Pixar, now both part of Disney, agreed not to cold call each other's employees and not to outbid each other's pay offers, according to the complaint.
Other defendants entered into similar agreements with one another by the mid-2000s or even earlier, according to the complaint.
The lawsuit points to numerous emails from company executives referring to no-raid agreements. In one 2007 email, Pixar president Ed Catmull is quoted as saying that poaching each others' employees with higher pay offers "seriously messes up the pay structure."
In another email, Catmull is quoted as saying that the animation companies had "avoided wars" because they had "conscientiously avoided raiding each other."
Catmull acted as an enforcer, according to the complaint, urging other companies to stick to the no-raid rule even when they weren't directly threatening Pixar.
In addition to the no-raid agreements, the lawsuit alleges that the companies' senior human resources and recruiting personnel met yearly to compare employee pay.
The defendants could not immediately be reached for comment.
The new lawsuit comes about a month after US District Judge Lucy Koh in San Jose refused to approve a proposed $324.5 million settlement in the broader tech industry suit, partly because she found recovery for the class members would be too low compared with the Disney settlement approved earlier. Defendants in that case, including Google Inc and Apple Inc, are appealing her ruling.
The case is Nitsch v. DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc et al, US District Court, Northern District of California, No. 5:14-cv-04062.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex rangebound  Nifty near 8150; top 15 stocks in focusSensex rangebound, Nifty near 8150 levels; top 15 stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 9, 2014, 03.00PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex recovered some lost ground in the late noon deals on the back of buying visible in the index heavyweights like Tata Motors, ITC, Bharti Airtel, Tata Steel and State Bank of India.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also recovered a bit but it was trading below to its crucial psychological level of 8150, weighed down by losses in IT, energy, banks and metal stocks.
At 2:55 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,238, down 81 points or 0.3 per cent. It touched a high of 27,328.27 and a low of 27,177 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,143 down 31 points or 0.38 per cent. It touched an intraday high of 8,174.55 and a low of 8126.50.
Meanwhile, shares of Punj Lloyd gained consecutively for the second day after the company said it had secured an order of Rs 3,515 crore from ?from PRPC Refinery and Cracker, a subsidiary under the Petroleum National Berhad (PETRONAS) group, Malaysia's national emergency group.
The stock gained 9 per cent to Rs 44.25.
Market highlights @ 1.30
- 2.57 lakh M&M shares traded in 2 blocks at Rs 1401.20, stock up 0.45%
- 1.10 lakh Federal Bank shares traded at Rs 124.95, stock down 1.3%
- KPIT Tech buys 50% stake in Impact Auto for ?10.8 cr
- TVS Motors, Motherson, Eicher, Mindtree & SKS Microfinance included in F&O category
- ABB spikes after Swiss parent announces $4 bn share buyback plan
Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are in focus today:
Lanco Infratech Ltd: The company which has interests in infrastructure, power and realty segments, retrenched 30 per cent of its 5,700 workforce during the last financial year due to slowdown in development of some of its projects amid subdued market conditions.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.7 per cent lower at Rs 8.15.
The company has seen its total borrowings growing by about 8 per cent during 2013-14 to Rs 36,705 crore (33,969 crore), and its staff strength coming down by 30 per cent to 4,000 people due to slowdown impacting the pace of project execution.
Oil & Gas stocks: A four-member panel of secretaries will submit its report on a new gas pricing mechanism by Wednesday, Oil Secretary Saurabh Chandra said today.
At 10:00 a.m.; IOC was trading 0.05 per cent lower at Rs 400.60.
M&M Ltd: Mahindra & Mahindra is lining up three major offerings in the compact sport-utility-vehicle segment for launch over the next 18-24 months, as it aims to reclaim space lost to the Ford EcoSport and Renault Duster over the past couple of years.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent higher at Rs 1401.
Apollo Tyres Ltd: Apollo Tyres plans to set up a new plant in Hungary at an investment of 442.2 million euros (about Rs 3,450 crore) and the investment aid given by the country's government has been cleared by European Commission.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.6 per cent higher at Rs 215.15.
RIL, ONGC & BPCL: Reliance Industries, ONGC and Bharat Petroleum Corp (BPCL) walked away with the top honours at the annual PetroFed Oil & Gas Industry Awards here today.
At 10:00 a.m.; RIL was trading 0.08 per cent lower at Rs 1036, ONGC was down 0.7 per cent to Rs 452 and BPCL was trading 0.23 per cent higher at Rs 701.35.
Venus Remedies Ltd: The pharma major is eyeing $15 million revenue from its antibiotic 'meropenem' in a span of one year as it seeks to sell this drug in 50 countries including in regulated markets. At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 8 per cent higher at Rs 320.95.
Elder Pharmaceuticals Ltd: Post-Torrent deal, a much leaner and better leveraged Elder Pharmaceuticals Ltd has set in motion a process to expand its footprint in the Rs 4,000-crore dermatology segment in a big way.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.6 per cent higher at Rs 193.
Bharti Airtel Ltd: Bharti Airtel is seeking compensation from the government for the company's interest cost on money borrowed to make initial payment for airwaves it won in a February auction but are yet to be allocated.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.3 per cent higher at Rs 408.65.
Neyveli Lignite Ltd: An early end to the six-day old indefinite strike by more than 10,000 contract labourers of Neyveli Lignite Corporation looked bleak with the first round of tripartite conciliatory talks held here on Monday ending in a deadlock.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 91.75.
Cipla Ltd: Pharmaceutical firm announced commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. In a BSE filing, Cipla said this collaboration will enable it to focus on its core therapy areas, while S&D Pharma will be the key partner for generics.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 570.10.

Gold near 3-month lows  strength in $ weighsChina
("Gold appears to be testing…)
SINGAPORE: Gold hovered near its lowest in three months on Tuesday after sharp overnight losses as the dollar traded at 14-month highs against a basket of major currencies, dimming the metal's appeal as a currency hedge.
Spot gold had slipped slightly to $1,254.66 an ounce by 0335 GMT. The metal closed down 1 per cent on Monday, after earlier hitting $1,251.24 - its lowest since June.
"Gold appears to be testing its $1,250 an ounce support handle, and any break below may see the precious metal extend its bearish trend," said OCBC Bank analyst Barnabas Gan.
The path of least resistance for gold is to move lower as the US dollar is expected to strengthen further, other traders said.
The dollar index was near July 2013 highs, boosted by a San Francisco Fed study that noted investors are pricing in a lower trajectory for interest rates rises than members of the central bank are.
It was also supported as sterling was pressured amid ongoing jitters that Scotland could vote to secede from the United Kingdom.
A stronger greenback makes dollar-denominated gold more expensive for holders of other currencies.
"Momentum indicators highlight an accelerated pace of decline, and we maintain our expectations for further weakness toward the June low of $1,240," said analysts at ScotiaMocatta.
Top buyer China returned from a holiday on Tuesday but failed to provide any significant support to prices.
Premiums on the Shanghai Gold Exchange were steady at $4-$5 an ounce, higher than the $2-$3 seen early last week, in a sign that buying has picked up in recent days as prices drop to multi-month lows.
Investors were also eyeing geopolitical tensions over Ukraine. A ceasefire agreed between Ukraine and pro-Russian rebels last week has weakened safe-haven bids for gold, though each side accused the other of sporadic shelling.
Russia signalled on Monday it might ban Western airlines from flying over its territory as part of an "asymmetrical" response to new European Union sanctions over the Ukraine crisis.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Diesel price may come down for first time in 7 yrsDiesel price may come down for first time in 7 years; petrol price cut on cards
Rajeev Jayaswal, ET Bureau Sep 9, 2014, 09.52AM IST
Tags:
Brent crude
(India is considering a cut…)
NEW DELHI: India is considering a cut in diesel prices for the first time in seven years amid global crude price dropping below $100 a barrel for the first time in more than a year, a move that could take some of the sting out of inflation as a patchy monsoon threatens a rise in food prices.
That in turn could allow the central bank to ease up on its interest-rate stance at the next monetary policy announcement, boosting revival prospects. This comes as the government has been considering freeing up diesel prices, since subsidy has been narrowed by incremental, monthly price increases.
"If this downward trend in international oil prices continues and the rupee appreciates even marginally, there will be over-recovery from this month," said a senior executive at an oil PSU who didn't want to be named.
"We intend to pass this to customers," said the executive. "A price review is expected on September 15. But the decision regarding diesel price cut will be taken by the government because it is a regulated fuel."
The government is still evaluating the political situation in pollbound states before deregulating the fuel, government and industry officials said. Benchmark Brent crude fell Monday to a 14-month low of $99.59 per barrel, dropping below $100 for the first time since June last year because of sluggish demand from major importers, particularly China.
Meanwhile, the rupee has appreciated marginally against the dollar, which has almost aligned pump prices of diesel with market rates. According to the oil retail industry, pump prices of diesel have not been cut in the last seven years except for a marginal reduction on July 25, 2012, because of changes in distribution costs. Oil companies review petrol and diesel prices every fortnight.
While petrol prices change on the 15th and 30th of every month, the government has been raising diesel prices by 50 paise every month since January last year. The previous UPA government had decided to raise diesel rates in small monthly doses until pump prices were aligned with market rates and it could be deregulated. According to oil companies, a petrol price cut is imminent for the fourth time in a row.
"No decision has been taken on diesel price deregulation. The oil ministry has not yet circulated the Cabinet note to this effect," a senior government official said on condition of anonymity. The oil ministry is keeping a close watch on fuel price movements and is ready to present a draft cabinet note at short notice, officials said.
The government is hesitant to free diesel prices just before assembly elections in four states - Jammu & Kashmir, Maharashtra, Bihar and Jharkhand. "International petrol and diesel rates are highly volatile. Political prospects of the ruling BJP will be hampered in case their rates jump during assembly elections," one official said.
According to officials, a final decision on deregulation will be taken after consulting the finance ministry. The diesel subsidy used to be a major drag on the exchequer, having accounted for about 45-50 per cent of total fuel subsidies until January last year.
The UPA government's move to make a monthly increase narrowed the diesel subsidy to an estimated.`19,584 crore in the current financial year from Rs 62,837 crore in 2013-14. The expected move to free diesel prices from government control will also boost private investment in the fuel retail sector that was opened up in 2002.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US economic improval feeds yen bearsSeptember 9, 2014 6:25 am
US economic recovery feeds yen bears
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/90fc6dac-37d1-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ashok Leyland bags orders for 4000 buses worth Rs 1500crSep 09, 2014, 12.12 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ashok Leyland bags orders for 4000 buses worth Rs 1500cr
Ashok Leyland will offer a mix of JanBus, midi-buses and ultra low entry (ULE) buses as a part of this order.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ashok Leyland bags orders for 4000 buses worth Rs 1500cr
Ashok Leyland will offer a mix of JanBus, midi-buses and ultra low entry (ULE) buses as a part of this order.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
India's second largest commercial vehicle manufacturer  Ashok Leyland has bagged orders for 4,000 buses worth Rs 1,500 crore from State Transport Undertakings (STUs), the company said in a filing to the stock exchanges today.
The company, flagship of the Hinduja Group, is the largest recipient of orders for buses under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM)-II scheme. A total of 22 STUs order India including Calcutta, Bangalore, Andhra Pradesh , Jaipur and Pune have placed large orders with the company.
Ashok Leyland will offer a mix of JanBus, midi-buses and ultra low entry (ULE) buses as a part of this order, the company said in its filing.
Speaking about the order, managing director Vinod K Dasari said that the company has received international bus orders as well. "JanBus is the world's first front-engine, single step entry, full-flat floor bus. It will contribute over 2000 buses to JNNURM-II," the filing added.
In August,  Ashok Leyland had reported a 17 percent sales growth  year-on-year. It sold 8,331 units in August, up from 7,139 units in a year-ago period. The month-on-month growth in sales was 6 percent. Light commercial vehicle sales increased by 14 percent to 2,501 units from 2,111 units year-on-year. Medium and heavy commercial vehicle sales grew by 18 percent to 5,830 units.
At 11:00 hrs shares of Ashok Leyland were quoting at Rs 40.90, up Rs 2.30, or 5.96 percent.
Ashok Leyland stock price
On September 10, 2014, Ashok Leyland closed at Rs 41.60, up Rs 0.90, or 2.21 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 42.15 and the 52-week low was Rs 13.05.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.43 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 96.74. The latest book value of the company is Rs 15.69 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.65.
RELATED NEWS

Such devastating floods were not expected in the river Jhelum: Water CommissionerWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

1 500 trucks stuck on way to KashmirUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Jammu: Nearly 1,500 trucks carrying essential supplies to Kashmir were on Tuesday stranded on the Jammu-Srinagar national highway as sections of the road were washed away in the flash floods, cutting off the Valley from the rest of the country.
Officials said stretches of the over 300-km long highway have either been washed away by flash floods or have been buried under a landslide.
The highway has suffered the maximum damage at the Ramsu area of the Ramban district where around 40 meters of the road has been completely washed away.
Nearly 1,500 trucks carrying essential supplies to Kashmir were on Tuesday stranded on the Jammu-Srinagar national highway.
The highway remained closed for the sixth day on Tuesday.
The state is witnessing the worst floods in six decades.
Authorities on Tuesday said that 160 people had died in the floods in the state, but the exact magnitude of death and destruction will be known only later.
The local television and radio stations in Valley remained off air and there was patchy telecom connectivity between the Valley and the rest of the country.
Seven bodies were recovered Tuesday morning in Sadal village of the Udhampur district, while the army said 31 people were still missing.
On Monday, the army carried out several sorties in this area to help the marooned people.
Two bodies were recovered in the Manmjakot village of Rajouri district late on Monday.
Over 2,000 houses in the Jammu region have become uninhabitable as these have been completely or partially damaged.
The weather was dry in the Jammu region on Tuesday morning, which is likely to facilitate rescue by the army and other security forces.
The Mata Vaishno Devi yatra was suspended for the third day on Monday and MK Bhandari, the deputy CEO of the Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine Board, said a decision about resuming the yatra will be taken later in the day.

J&K ground report: More than half of Srinagar under waterWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Twitter tests shopping service with a  buy  button on tweetsUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Bangalore: Twitter is testing a "buy" button in some tweets that allows a mobile user to buy directly from a tweet.
A small percentage of US users will be able to see the "buy" button from Monday, Twitter wrote in a blog post.
"Users will get access to offers and merchandise they can't get anywhere else and can act on them right in the Twitter apps for Android and iOS," the company said.
Facebook has also been testing a "buy" button on its website that will let consumers purchase products that are advertised on its network.
Twitter's shares were up 3.2 per cent at $52.33 in early trading.
Facebook has also been testing a "buy" button on its website that will let consumers purchase products that are advertised on its network.
Twitter said an entire purchase could be completed in just a few taps of the smartphone screen.
Tapping on the "buy" button embedded in a tweet, the user will be prompted to enter shipping and payment information, which will be sent to the merchant for delivery.
The microblogging service company said it has partnered with social media shopping platforms such as Fancy and Musictoday for the initial test.
Twitter said it would add artists, brands and nonprofit organizations, such as Burberry, Eminem and Home Depot, to the test.

Apex court issues notice to CBI directorCoalgate: Apex court issues notice to CBI director
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 9:  
A day after the Supreme Court issued notice to CBI director Ranjit Sinha for allegedly protecting some accused in 2G case, its another Bench today sought explanation from the top cop on similar allegations in the coal scam.
A Bench headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha issued a notice to the CBI director on a plea seeking an SIT probe against him for allegedly protecting the accused in coalgate and to keep him away from the investigation and prosecution in the multi-crore scam.
Granting 10 days time to him to file his response to the allegations, the Bench, however, refused to pass any order for recusal of Sinha in the case.
The court posted the case for further hearing on September 19.
At the beginning of the proceedings, the Bench observed that an order has already been passed by another Bench of the apex court against Sinha and no further order is required.
But advocate Prashant Bhushan, appearing for an NGO, which filed application against Sinha, contended that yesterday’s order was on the 2G case and the court could pass order pertaining to the coal scam.
Thereafter, the Bench agreed to issue a notice to Sinha and posted the case after the next date of hearing of 2G scam, which is to take place on September 15, when the apex court will look into the response filed by the CBI director.
In the application filed in the court, NGO Common Cause had referred to reports about the entry register at Sinha’s residence containing the names of “influential” persons allegedly involved in the coal scam.
It accused him of scuttling the probe in the “high magnitude” coal scam case in which 20 FIRs for offences of corruption, cheating and criminal conspiracy have been lodged and two charge-sheets filed in the trial court.
Yesterday, another Bench of the apex court, headed by Justice H L Dattu, which is monitoring the 2G scam case, had directed Sinha to come out in “black and white” on averments made against him for allegedly entertaining scam-tainted visitors at his official residence here, saying that it is a “serious” issue.
The application filed by the NGO had referred to the alleged instances that “enumerate the instances of undue interference on the part of the CBI director” in the coal scam probe.
The NGO had said that a trusted whistle-blower has brought to the notice of Bhushan some significant information contained in the entry registers of 2013 and 2014, which were maintained at the official residence of the CBI director at 2, Janpath, New Delhi.
“Hence, in the light of these facts and circumstances, it is respectfully prayed that in public interest and in the interest of fair investigations in the case, this court may be pleased to direct that Sinha shall not interfere in coal block allocation case investigations and the prosecutions being carried out by the CBI, and shall withdraw from these cases,” the application had said.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)

Airtel s Wynk hits 1 lakh downloads in 4 daysAirtel's Wynk hits 1 lakh downloads in 4 days
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 9:  
Wynk Music – a carrier agnostic mobile application by Bharti Airtel Limited crossed its first milestone witnessing 1 lakh downloads in just 4 days of its launch.
Songs from Salman Khan starrer Kick were the most searched even as Tu Meri from the upcoming Hrithik Roshan starrer Bang Bang was streamed the most.
While pop sensation Yo Yo Honey Singh topped as the most popular artist on the app, Shakira is the only International artist to be among the top 10 in category and interestingly yesteryear star Kishore Kumar ranked third.
Srinivasan Gopalan, Director – Consumer Business, Bharti Airtel, said, “ We are absolutely thrilled by the response we have received within this short span which only endorses the fact that Wynk is one of the better music app’s available today. "
Airtel had launched Wynk to become the first operator to introduce an OTT (Over-the-Top) mobile application in the Indian market, which will work across mobile operators, enabling customers to stream, download in an ad-free interface.
The move comes even as telecom companies are losing out to players such as Facebook and Google when it comes to earning money from mobile services. Airtel’s launch is being seen as an attempt to eat into the revenue share of the application service providers. Until now, Indian telecom players were happy milking the low-hanging fruit of voice telephony. But with data being the new growth area it’s important for operators to move beyond providing just telecom pipes to offering applications.
Wynk is a free-to-download application available on the Android and iOS platforms starting today. With the free version of the app, users can stream songs of their choice online and tune into Internet radio. With Wynk Plus, users can enjoy unlimited in-app song downloads and play music offline at Rs 99 on Android and Rs 60 on iOS.
Airtel customers using Android phones can enjoy a special introductory price of just Rs 29 on this. Wynk Freedom subscription at Rs 129 is available exclusively to Airtel customers in 3G circles using Android phones which allow them to get all-inclusive unlimited streaming and download of music without incurring additional data charges.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)

TCS gains; Analysts more confident after backing FY15 outlookAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Extremely  heavy rainfall expected in Gujarat  Maharashtra  MP  Goa: IMDAfter sting 'triumph', Arvind Kejriwal meets Delhi LG, asks him to spike letter
Arvind Kejriwal wants any potential invite to BJP to form govt in Delhi trashed...

Alia Bhatt reveals the Shaandar look of her film with ShahidKapoorWritten by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 11:37 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 11:50 am
 
Alia Bhatt recently revealed the first look of her upcoming movie – Shaandaar – with Shahid Kapoor on Twitter.
She posted this picture on twitter and wrote “SHAANDAAR !!!”
— Alia Bhatt (@aliaa08) September 7, 2014
‘Shaandaar’ is the actress’ first movie opposite Shahid Kapoor. The movie is being directed by Vikas Bahl and is currently being shot in UK. It also features Shahid Kapoor’s father Pankaj Kapur and sister Sanah Kapur. The movie will mark Sanah’s Bollywood debut.
The movie is based on destination wedding, where both – Shahid and Alia – suffer from Insomnia and the sleepless nights bring them closer. Shahid and Alia look quite good together and the plot of the movie seems promising.
The shoot of the movie had started some time back when Alia tweeted:
Today is day 1 of #Shaandaar !!!! Wish me luckkkkkk :D start of a new beautiful journey!!! Wohooooo @shahidkapoor @FuhSePhantom @karanjohar
— Alia Bhatt (@aliaa08) September 1, 2014
Alia’s mother, Soni Razdan, had given the whole team best wishes for the movie:
— Soni Razdan (@Soni_Razdan) September 1, 2014
Shahid Kapoor is also awaiting the release of his much awaited next – Haider – with Shraddha Kapoor on October 2.

Being an actress is lonely: KristenStewartPress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 9, 2014 11:29 am
‘Twilight’ star Kristen Stewart says acting moves a person into isolation. The 24-year-old actress says that people get intimidated by stars and don’t approach them, which leaves actors lonely, reported Contactmusic.
“Actors become super-isolated. Again, I’m not complaining about it, it’s just that you have a very unique perspective on things because people don’t talk to you, they feel like they are not allowed to come up to you and say ‘hi’.
“So suddenly you’re incredibly lonely and people hire friends to have and what happens is the lines get blurred between co-workers and friends,” she said.

Fashion made me successful: VictoriaBeckhamPress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 9, 2014 11:15 am
Former ‘Spice Girls’ star Victoria Beckham says her present job of a fashion designer has made her successful. Victoria, 40, revealed she felt famous when her band topped the music charts but she gets real high by being a part of the fashion world, reported Contactmusic.
“First time around I felt famous, but now I feel successful. I’m lucky that I do something I love, and I am proud as I think it’s a positive message to give to young women: if you want to have a career, and be married with children, then you can. It’s full-on, but it’s doable,” she said.
Victoria has four children, Brooklyn, 15, Romeo, 11, Cruz, nine and Harper, three, with husband David. She also said that she would like David and Brooklyn to work at her fashion store.
“Oh absolutely. I’ve got great staff working at the shop and I love retail. Maybe working behind the till, who knows? David can be on the door and Brooklyn will be a Saturday boy,” she said.

Alyssa Milano shares first photo of her newborn onInstagramAlyssa Milano and her husband David Bugliari welcomed their second child, Elizabella. (Source: AP)
Los Angeles | Posted: September 9, 2014 11:02 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 11:06 am
‘Project Runway: All Stars’ host Alyssa Milano has posted the first picture of her six-day-old daughter on Instagram.
Milano, 41, and her husband David Bugliari welcomed their second child, Elizabella, on Thursday, reported Aceshowbiz.
Milano posted a black-and-white picture of Elizabella’s tiny legs being wrapped by elder brother Milo. She captioned it with, “Milo meets his baby sister for the first time.”

Duncan Fletcher is a fatherly figure  says RaviShastriShastri and Fletcher in discussion during the recently concluded ODI series in England. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 9, 2014 11:00 am | Updated: September 10, 2014 2:52 pm
His report will decide Duncan Fletcher’s future as India’s cricket coach and Ravi Shastri, who served as Team Director during the just-concluded limited overs series against England, has put his weight behind the under-fire Zimbabwean by calling him a “solid character”.
Speaking to ‘ESPNCricinfo’, Shastri lavished praise on Fletcher, who is under the scanner after a mixed tour of England during which the Indians were thrashed in the Test series before bouncing back to win the ODIs.
“He is tremendous. He would have done over a 100 Tests as coach, which is massive. He is technically very sound. He is a solid character. He is respected. He is a fatherly figure,” Shastri said.
“I knew Fletcher from the 1983 World Cup. Then in 1984 I led an India Under-25 side to Zimbabwe, where he was my counterpart. So I was aware of his leadership qualities already. Also what made Fletcher’s job easier was having the trio of Sanjay Bangar, Bharat Arun and R Sridhar as his assistant coaches,” he added.
“Fletcher is the coach. He looks after the handling of various things including little, little stuff. My experience comes into play from the outside – of having been there, done that. The fact that I watch so much is a massive help. And my personality is such if I feel like saying something I don’t hold back. I don’t care who it is.”
Speaking about his own stint with the team, Shastri said he is glad to have made a positive difference after the 1-3 loss in the Test series.
“I got more than I would have expected. I say that only because of England’s record at home, not many sides have thrashed them 3-0 in a four-ODI series. It is a big achievement: from what they were mentally after the Test series defeat, and then to respond in that fashion made me feel proud,” he said.
“I had to make it (the dressing room) a place where the boys wanted to enjoy themselves. I was very clear when I said I am doing this job because I believe in them. And that was enough. As I got talking to them one on one, things started falling in place,” he added.
Shastri said he had plenty of one-on-one chats with the players during the ODI series, which India won 3-1. “I was not afraid to speak to a guy individually. Ground, bus, bar, dressing room, while eating – we were talking cricket. Communication is important. The advantage I had was I
had watched these boys a lot. I told them I have watched more cricket than I have played. I have learned more about cricket after I stopped playing,” he said.
Shastri especially focussed on star batsman Virat Kohli, who had a somewhat subdued run in both the Tests and ODIs. “About Virat, you knew it was due (the half-century in the Edgbaston Twenty20). The reason he did not perform earlier was a combination of mental and technical issues. You cannot get out to the same bowler in the same fashion continued…

US Open: Cilic humbles Nishikori to win first Grand SlamCroatia's Marin Cilic reacts after beating Kei Nishikori of Japan to win his first grand slam title. (Source: AP)
Reuters | New York | Posted: September 9, 2014 8:45 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 8:59 am
Croatia’s Marin Cilic swept past Japan’s Kei Nishikori 6-3 6-3 6-3 to win the U.S. Open on Monday and reach the pinnacle of the sport one year after a doping ban kept him out of the year’s final grand slam.
The big-serving Croatian overwhelmed a weary Nishikori in one hour, 54 minutes to clinch a ruthless victory and deny his 10th-seeded opponent’s bid to become the first Asian man to win a grand slam.
With the win, 14th seed Cilic becomes the first Croatian to win one of the sport’s four grand slam championships since his coach Goran Ivanisevic celebrated a Wimbledon victory in 2001.
“This is all hard work in these last several years and especially this last year,” said Cilic. “My team has brought something special to me, especially Goran, we were working really hard but the most important thing he brought to me was enjoying tennis and always having fun.”
“I enjoyed my best tennis over here and played the best ever in my life.”
The final marked the first time since the 2005 Australian Open that at least one of tennis’s big three of Novak Djokovic, Rafa Nadal and Roger Federer was not playing for the title.
The two players walked onto the Arthur Ashe Stadium court under overcast skies and much more forgiving conditions than the sweltering heat they faced through much of the fortnight.
While both men were playing in their first grand slam final it was Nishikori who displayed more jitters as Cilic quickly found his range and unloaded on his helpless opponent by blasting 17 aces to Nishikori’s two.
Nishikori had his opportunities with nine break chances but could convert just one while Cilic was five of 11 and enjoyed a 38-19 edge in winners.
“It’s a really tough loss but I’m really happy coming to my first final,” said Nishikori, who appeared to run out of gas after beating three consecutive top-10 opponents and having to endure a pair of five-setters. “Sorry I couldn’t get a trophy today(on Monday) but for sure next time.
“It was a really fun two weeks here. I hope I can be coming back next year.”
‘PRETTY NERVOUS’
Cilic had Nishikori on the back foot from start to finish, speeding through the opening set in 33 minutes.
The 14th seed, using his huge wingspan to reach out and bash forehands across court and a booming serve to score easy points, again had an early break in the second and added another to go   up 5-2.
Nishikori mustered a fightback to score his only break of the match and close to 5-3 but the relentless Cilic broke right back for a 2-0 lead killing any momentum his reeling opponent was building.
With a maiden grand slam within sight, Cilic kept his foot on the gas and grabbed an early break in the third.
The only nerves Cilic would show came when he double continued…

Centre gets time till October 10 to file reply on AAP plea against Presidents rule in DelhiNEW DELHI, September 9, 2014
Updated: September 10, 2014 00:04 IST
Expedite Delhi govt. formation, SC tells Centre
Krishnadas Rajagopal
PTI Aam Aadmi Party leader Arvind Kejriwal addresses a press conference in New Delhi on Monday. The AAP on Monday released footage purportedly showing BJP leaders inducing its party MLA with money to support the BJP in Delhi.
TOPICS
political parties
Otherwise, horse-trading will continue: Bench
The Supreme Court on Tuesday told the Centre that horse-trading would continue if steps were not taken soon to form a government in Delhi. “Things better be done at the earliest, otherwise horse-trading will continue,” a five-judge Constitution Bench led by Justice H.L. Dattu told the Centre.
The observation was made with reference to a footage released by the Aam Aadmi Party, the petitioner in the case, purportedly showing some Bharatiya Janata Party leaders inducing its party MLA with money and perks to support the BJP.
Additional Solicitor General P.S. Narasimha read out a letter dated September 4 from Delhi Lt-Governor Najeeb Jung to President Pranab Mukherjee, seeking his advice on inviting the BJP, the single largest party, to form the government in Delhi.
Mr. Narasimha said the process of forming a government was in the legislative domain and the court could intervene only if there was a question of legality involved. To this, Justice Dattu said the intention of the court was merely to “to have a government formed.” Mr. Narasimha replied that the process had begun. “I can assure you we are serious about it, but being a legislative process, we need to be given some time,” he said.
The Centre sought time till October-end, but the court refused and fixed the next date of hearing for October 10.
The petition filed by the AAP and Saurabh Bhardwaj, Transport Minister in the Arvind Kejriwal Cabinet, on February 20 sought the immediate dissolution of the Assembly and fresh elections.

Germany identifies areas of cooperationNew Delhi, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 9, 2014 01:55 IST
Germany identifies areas of cooperation
PTI
Tweet
Reuters German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier (left) and India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi share a laugh during their meeting in New Delhi on Monday. Mr. Steinmeier is on a three-day visit to India.
The Hindu German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier shakes hands with his Indian counterpart Sushma Swaraj before their meeting in New Delhi on Monday. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Eager to add an impetus to Indo-German ties under the Narendra Modi government, Germany on Monday said bilateral cooperation can be deepened in renewable energy, infrastructure, cleaning of rivers and vocational training, besides high technology and the manufacturing sector.
Noting that there is a “lot to do,” German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said he had “constructive talks” with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and others. Giving details of his visit, the German Minister said, “I am here because, we know that Mr. Modi has initiated huge reforms in India and there are high expectations not only from the normal people, but also from the businesses.”
Talking to reporters on the lawns of the India Gate, he underlined that the current situation in India was a “chance for giving a new impetus to the Indo-German economic relations. And I think there is a lot to do.”
Asked what were the areas that has the potential for deeper cooperation, he said, “There is a big interest in developing infrastructure, for example, in developing smart cities, cleaning the rivers, renewable energy.
“I think these are branches where there are good chances for a close cooperation between India and Germany.”
Mr. Steinmeier said high technology and all fields of manufacturing are also the areas that can see deeper cooperation.

See significant pick-up in macro eco activities in H2: TCI08:00 am
Transport Corporation of India  (TCI), one of India's leading logistics service provider sees a further significant pick-up in macroeconomic activities in the second half of the current fiscal.
On account of GDP revival, freight sector has witnessed growth, while core sectors like engineering goods are yet to see recovery, says Vineet Agarwal, MD, Transport Corporation of India in an interview with CNBC-TV18.
Onto the logistics space, Agrawal feels inventory build-up helped companies’ Q1 earnings. Going forward, TCI eyes a 10-15 percent topline and bottomline growth along with 25-50 bps margin expansion for FY15.
TCI has capex of Rs 250 crore lined up for warehouse expansion, for which, the company will explore fundraising of USD 10 million.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: There is so much buzz of a revival on the ground, as someone who is an important spoke in that wheel with an exposure to autos, consumer and even the healthcare sectors – is economic activity really pick up?
A: There has been some inventory build-up that happened in the first quarter and that lead to higher sales for lot of companies and slightly better results but the real ground level economic revival has still not yet started, we have always been saying that there has been some pick up in some sectors because of some pent-up demand because of some other micro factors but engineering goods, capital goods, the things that make the economy run, has not picked up, the core sectors have not picked up too much yet and also the credit cycles are tight, the payment cycles are still not at that same levels as it was earlier. Therefore, given all that it will still take a few more months, most likely after October after around Diwali time we should see some pickup happening then and then towards the yearend in December and then again towards February-March quarter end. I think it will be more driven by the quarter endings rather than a sustained economic recovery month on month.
Q: Transportation segment didn’t do too well, they were flat but you are telling analysts that you are seeing a rebound?
A: If you look at the freight segment, it’s essentially the basic freight that we talk about. However, most of that work used to happen through our trucking mechanism. We are now looking at multi model mechanism where we are using both road as well as rail to do the first mile and last mile by road and middle leg by rail. We are also using the coastal shipping route to ensure that we deliver cargo through a multi model route, because of giving indicated solution, we would see some amount of growth coming up and some amount of ground will also come up from the economic revival. This is a sector, the basic freight sector is linked to GDP growth and as we see that this is growing so will this division and we are confident that we should achieve 5-8 percent target for this segment for this year.
Q: Tell us little more about the margins – Q1 seemed like a turnaround quarter where we saw improvement across all verticals of the business. What is the outlook henceforth and what are the kinds of incremental gains that you can expect on the margins?
A: What we are looking at from years guidance is a 10-15 percent topline growth and about similar growth in the bottomline. We are at a blended EBITDA of about 8 percent and 25 bps or 50 bps improvement is something that we would look at though there are enough cost pressures like diesel price hikes etc and that is a continuous issue beyond that we are also doing a large capex between Rs 200 crore-250 crore, a lot of that is going into building new hub centres, new warehouse facilities and some of that is going into new capacity addition in our shipping business as well as into our trucking business. This Rs 200-250 crore would be funded partially through debt, partially through internal accruals and also we are looking at a small fund raise up to USD 10 million. Our board has given an approval for about Rs 100 crore to raise through QIPs or preferential allotment and that is something that we are going to pursue. Therefore, given this incremental capex and the economic revival, we would think that this is a year that we would be able to create a stronger base and then capitalise on the future growth prospects in the next year onwards.
Q: What is your debt and cash level?
A: At the end of the financial year our debt equity ratio was 0.65:1 and we have very little cash on the books essentially they are all deployed.
Transport Corp stock price
On September 10, 2014, Transport Corporation of India closed at Rs 227.60, down Rs 3.85, or 1.66 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 243.75 and the 52-week low was Rs 46.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 8.77 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 25.95. The latest book value of the company is Rs 62.58 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.64.
RELATED NEWS

Prefer Tata Communications: Harendra Kumar08:00 am
Harendra Kumar of Elara Capital told CNBC-TV18, "The agriculture space is a very interesting space at this point of time. Tata Communications  is ripping the benefit of its capex, so one could also look at Tata Communications."
At 11:10 hrs Tata Communications was quoting at Rs 388.60, down Rs 4.50, or 1.14 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 393.50 and an intraday low of Rs 383.55.
RELATED NEWS

See upside in MBL Infrastructures: Prakash Diwan08:00 am
Prakash Diwan of Altamount Capital Management told CNBC-TV18, “If you see the big change that is happening is on the shipping side. We are getting very aggressive with plans on capex on the port building, port capabilities. And to be honest strategically our western coast is over burdened with lot of traffic and in case of any unrest it could always be more susceptible. But the east coast which is a fairly attractive preposition is the one that the government is going to focus on.”
“Especially if the new state of Andhra Pradesh has to be given some sort of a push after Vijayawada as the capital, we will have at least a lot of ports coming up there. And companies like  ITD Cementation which are great in piling work, port building, jetty, they will benefit tremendously,” he added.
“So this new city bogie which is there is going to impact everybody but if you see specialisation, go deep down and you have ITD which is a leader and MBL Infrastructure which is another contractor which specialises in that. So those are players you will have to dig out in terms of how they pan out because it is not always going to be an L&T that is going to go away with the orders; you have these people doing much specialised work.”
“ MBL Infrastructures was actually oversold, look at its peak, we have not touched its lifetime highs yet so there is still enough potential for them to go there. Specialisation is going to be the key especially when you are talking about newer cities, newer infrastructure, and state of the art infrastructure. So if the Japanese spend on the corridor, you will need ports on both ends because without ports the corridor is of no use. Eventually you need to connect the consumer and the source points,” he said.
RELATED NEWS

Prefer SKS Microfinance: Prakash Diwan08:00 am
Prakash Diwan of Altamount Capital Management told CNBC-TV18, “ SKS Microfinance is the best out of the new addition in the F&O space.  Mindtree is a stock which probably would be welcome because people have not seen it react in the Futures and Options (F&O) space. The other thing that happens in some of these stocks that are fundamentally good is, you also start seeing technically impulse to short them whenever things to be going wrong. We have seen that happen to Just Dial , L&T Finance  when they caught in immediately, people also tend to use that as an advantage if things go wrong, which does not happen if they are totally in the cash segment, so they will be susceptible to that.”
He further added, “ TVS Motor Company does give you a feeling that if the BMW does not really take off why you are paying such a high valuations and it could get questioned and somebody could kind of take advantage of that. So there would be some volatility which will be very clearly visible but SKS Microfinance stands out as a best pick out of that we would go long on it either ways.”
RELATED NEWS

GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar sweeps higher  Japan shares shy from peaksThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cipla surges following collaboration with UK s S&D PharmaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Panel to submit report on new gas pricing formula by WednesdayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SAT stays Sebi penalty on Satyam s Raju; upholds banSep 08, 2014, 09.04 PM IST  | Source: PTI
SAT stays Sebi penalty on Satyam's Raju; upholds ban
Sebi on July 15 this year barred Ramalinga Raju and the four others from accessing the market for 14 years and asked them to return Rs 1,849 crore in unlawful gains with 12 percent interest, in total a disgorgement amount of over Rs 3,000 crore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SAT stays Sebi penalty on Satyam's Raju; upholds ban
Sebi on July 15 this year barred Ramalinga Raju and the four others from accessing the market for 14 years and asked them to return Rs 1,849 crore in unlawful gains with 12 percent interest, in total a disgorgement amount of over Rs 3,000 crore.
Post your opinion here
 
The Securities Appellate Tribunal today stayed the Rs 1,849-crore penalty that Sebi had slapped on the founder-chairman of Satyam Computer Services, B Ramalinga Raju and four others, but upheld a ban on them from accessing the markets.
The tribunal posted the matter for further hearing in December, when it will decide whether to admit the pleas of the Raju brothers and others against Sebi order.
The tribunal asked Sebi to explain why such a large amount was imposed as part of a disgorgement order and to file an affidavit stating its position by November 7. The tribunal also asked Raju and four others named in the scam to file counter-affidavits by December 15.
The four others facing the prohibitory orders are Raju's brother B Rama Raju (the then managing director of Satyam), Vadlamani Srinivas (ex-chief financial officer), G Ramakrishna (ex-vice president) and VS Prabhakara Gupta (ex-head of internal audit).
Following the Sebi order, the Raju brothers had moved the SAT last Friday.
Sebi on July 15 this year barred Ramalinga Raju and the four others from accessing the market for 14 years and asked them to return Rs 1,849 crore in unlawful gains with 12 percent interest, in total a disgorgement amount of over Rs 3,000 crore.
Sebi asked them to pay up within 45 days of the order, closing five-and-a-half year long probe into the country's biggest corporate fraud.
RELATED NEWS

USE merger to help BSE push liquidity to market: CEOSep 08, 2014, 10.23 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
USE merger to help BSE push liquidity to market: CEO
The merger of the United Stock Exchange (USE) and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) will result in the former’s promoters, many of whom are banks, become owners of BSE, BSE CEO Ashishkumar Chauhan told CNBC-TV18’s Aastha Maheshwari.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
USE merger to help BSE push liquidity to market: CEO
The merger of the United Stock Exchange (USE) and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) will result in the former’s promoters, many of whom are banks, become owners of BSE, BSE CEO Ashishkumar Chauhan told CNBC-TV18’s Aastha Maheshwari.
Post your opinion here
 
Although in a minor way but this will bring some sort of ownership framework into people’s minds.
Ashish Kumar Chauhan
MD
BSE
The merger of the United Stock Exchange (USE) and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) will result in the former’s promoters, many of whom are banks, become owners of BSE, BSE CEO Ashishkumar Chauhan told CNBC-TV18’s Aastha Maheshwari in an interview.
The merger has already received approval from the Competition Commission of India.
“Although in a minor way but this will bring some sort of ownership framework into people’s minds and it will go a very long way in supporting BSE which has been trying to ensure that it is able to provide liquidity to every type of markets,” Chauhan said.
“Also, the USE’s members who were not members of BSE would also be able to now trade on BSE.”
RELATED NEWS

See FY15 revenue at 4X of Rs 125 cr in Q1: MM ForgingsUS market, in particular, is showing strong growth
Vidyashankar Krishnan
MD
MM Forgings
MM Forgings  hit a 52-week high of Rs 521 on Tuesday. The stock has gained over 400 percent this year.
The company manufactures steel forgings in raw, semi machined and fully machined stages and caters to forging requirements of almost all industries. It has a big export portfolio, with focus on CV industry in America and Europe. N Srinivasan of India Cements  is the Chairman of the company.
MM Forgings has a market cap of Rs 566 crore. Around 30 percent of its revenues come from the domestic market, while the majority 70 percent from exports.
Discussing the company future plans and prospects, MD Vidyashankar Krishnan said the overall business is good, given the fact that exports are strong. He said even the domestic business is showing signs of a pick-up.
The company had posted a strong set of numbers in Q1FY15 with revenues increasing 25 percent at Rs 124.5 crore and EBITDA up 48 percent at Rs 27.5 crore. Operating margin for the quarter was up at 22.1 percent, while profit after tax was up 69 percent at Rs 13.2 crore.
Krishnan expects the growth momentum of Q1 to sustain for the rest of the year. He said the US market, in particular, is showing strong growth. He expects FY15 revenue to be 4 times the Q1 revenue of Rs 125 crore and said that exchange rate has aided margin, performance.
Below is the transcript of Vidyashankar Krishnan’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy
Latha: How is business, are you seeing a sharp uptick in terms of volume pickup in the second quarter. Your first quarter revenues saw a 25 percent uptick. Will the rest of the year be much better considering the kind of improvement or turnaround we are seeing in the automobile sector?
A: Overall business is very good given that our exports are very strong. Domestic market has been showing signs of picking up and our sales have gone up in the Indian market largely because of movement of parts that we have developed in the last few months, those have gone into bulk production and that has added to growth in the domestic market for us. Going ahead for this year in Q1 we have done about Rs 126 crore of turnover. We expect that momentum to maintain and also the earnings momentum to maintain. So overall year ahead looks four times the first quarter at least.
Sonia: The export growth you said was very strong. Which are the key markets that you export to where you are seeing a big pickup and where do you think the next trigger of growth will come from?
A: We export to the US, Europe, also to South America and we are seeing overall recovery in all these markets. And the US market particularly is growing very strong because the truck industry there is on a roll. They are at an all time high and they expect this to continue over the next 12 months. 
Latha: How much is coming from Europe, there the latest data is showing recession?
A: Recession in terms of a marginal fall in GDP but overall the brick-and-mortar sector is continuing to chug along with not much growth as far as existing products and customers are concerned. But there is no fall either and generally we see an overall holding up as far as Europe is concerned.
Latha: You told us you did Rs 125 crore in Q1 so should we assume that your total growth will be Rs 500 crore for the full year or will the remaining three quarters be better than the first quarter?
A: I would say that there is a little bit of scope for the upside but largely it would be in keeping with the first quarter results. 
Sonia: You did report a significant growth in your margins as well to about 22 percent versus 18.5 percent same time last year. Where has that growth come in from on the margin front and how much could your margins be by the end of the fiscal?
A: The margins have come on two fronts as I have been maintaining. First is the base effect that sales go up so your overheads get distributed over greater sales. The second is on account of exchange rate. The rupee has indeed moved sharply over the last few months and because of that we are seeing the benefits shown in the results. These are the two major reasons why margins have improved. 
Apart from that there is always the question of cost reduction, cost cutting and maintenance. We have been able to contain our power costs rather reasonably, that has also contributed significantly to the margins. 
Latha: So what exactly is the number you are looking at? I guess power supply has improved as well with the grid now connecting north and south so do you get to beyond 22 percent, you go towards 25 percent at all for the full year?
A: I would say we should be maintaining 22.5 percent plus. Like on the turnover side there is little bit of scope for the upside but I would say that is not too much. 22.5 percent should hold across the year.
Sonia: How much are you expanding your capacity to and when will your fresh capex come on board?
A: We are on track to achieve around 38000-40000 mt of sales this year. First quarter we have done 9000 mt. We expect to increase our capacity to about 50000 mt by end of this fiscal. 
Latha: So FY16-17 as well you will be able to do this 25 percent because your capex comes on stream?
A: That will largely depend upon the markets. Capacity wise I don’t see a problem, capacity is there so if demand is there we will do 25 percent. Domestic market should pick up by that time and that may be a huge impact. Not that it is doing bad, auto sector is holding up.
Latha: What is the percentage of exports and domestic?
A: We export over 75 percent and domestic stands by at about 25 percent.
MM Forgings stock price
On September 11, 2014, MM Forgings closed at Rs 491.65, down Rs 4.3, or 0.87 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 521.20 and the 52-week low was Rs 72.35.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 28.81 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 17.07. The latest book value of the company is Rs 162.21 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.03.
RELATED NEWS

After Mitsubushi  TCS eyes more expansion in JapanHi Guest
After Mitsubushi, TCS eyes more expansion in Japan
Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) has been posting sector-leading revenue growth for several quarters, notwithstanding its already huge size. The company has now added another lever, relatively untapped Japanese market. TCS had a small presence there; it formed a joint venture with Mitsubushi Corporation in April and merged its two subsidiaries with IT Frontier Corporation (the IT services subsidiary of Mitsubishi). TCS owns a 51 per cent stake in the new information technology (IT) entity and ...

Massive rescue operations on; lakhs still stranded in J&KThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

EU Approves New Round of Sanctions on Russia -- UpdateThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi s visit will deepen US-India strategic tiesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tyre stocks gain as weak rubber  oil prices to boost marginsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Right on cool..the digital mega trend has coincided with the sharpest ...New Member
11 Followers
g mng kavi, hs, dando, alpha, aindia, jzf, lltomar , ankey,  mkv, kapsss, jp, rosh, mstars, vnaik & frnds.   Hitting continuous ucs.  We are in dream run.  will many time rattle retailers. not to worry...rgds

Looks like this is operation buying at lower levels . this should be t...New Member
2 Followers
looks like this is operation buying at lower levels . this should be the bottom and great chance to buy today may be this will revese soon . and hit the target 24/26. soon
11.58 AM Sep 9th  | Track

Neal bhai wts ur sl of comex gold buy callCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Ashok Leyland gets orders worth Rs 1 500 crore for busesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Ashok Leyland gets orders worth Rs 1,500 crore for buses
R Yegya Narayanan
Tweet
Coimbatore, Sept 9:  
Ashok Leyland Ltd has secured orders for 4,000 buses valued at nearly Rs 1,500 crore from various state transport undertakings (STUs) under JNNURM-II.
The company has said that it would also market its 'JanBus’, which it claimed was the 'world’s first front-engine, single-step entry, full-flat floor bus’ in international markets too.
In its filings with the stock exchanges, ALL said that 22 STUs from across the country have placed orders for the buses. Vinod K Dasari, MD, ALL, said that JanBus was specifically designed for urban transportation, offering higher safety and 'substantially enhanced operating economics for the STUs’. The vehicle had elicited great response from the STUs and ALL would provide more than 2,000 buses under JNNURM-II.
He said the company had also received orders from international market for the vehicle and said 'soon JanBus will be running in many countries’.
The company also offered an 8-metre 'JanBus Midi’ which was designed for feeder services providing last mile connectivity from metro stations, BRT corridors to the final destination. He explained that both JanBus and JanBus Midi were 'well suited to fit Government of India’s Smart City Strategy’.
ALL would offer a mix of JanBus, midi-buses and Ultra Low Entry buses as part of the 4,000 buses ordered under JNNURM-II. Already the supply of vehicles had begun and many were already ferrying passengers, ALL said in its release.
The stock has witnessed a huge trading volume of more than 2.25 crore shares within the first two hours of trading. It has gained 6.74 per cent or Rs 2.60 to trade at Rs 41.20 on the NSE.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)

Modi  Obama to hold talks to strengthen US-India partnershipPM to meet Barack Obama on Sept 29 to expand US-India partnership
PTI
Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, and US President, Barack Obama. (file photo)
Washington, Sept 9:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet President Barack Obama at the White House on September 29-30 during which the two leaders would discuss a wide range of issues of mutual interest to expand and deepen the US-India strategic partnership.
The fact that the meeting will be spread over two days reflects the importance the US attaches to bilateral ties, a top official said.
While the format and details of the maiden Obama-Modi meeting has not been announced yet, the two leaders are now scheduled to meet on September 29-30, a presidential spokesperson said.
“President Obama looks forward to welcoming Prime Minister Narendra Modi of India to the White House on September 29-30,” White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said.
"Obama looks forward to working with Modi to fulfil the promise of the US-India strategic partnership for the benefit of both our citizens and the world,'' he added.
“The two leaders will discuss a range of issues of mutual interest in order to expand and deepen the US-India strategic partnership,” Earnest said.
“They will discuss ways to accelerate economic growth, bolster security cooperation, and collaborate in activities that bring long-term benefits to both countries and the world,” he said.
“They will also focus on regional issues, including current developments in Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq, where India and the United States can work together with partners towards a positive outcome,” he said.
Caitlin Hayden, Spokesperson of the National Security Council, said, “We’ll provide more details about the Prime Minister’s visit closer to the end of the month, but the fact that there will be interactions over two days is a signal of the importance we place on the US-India relationship.”
The meeting will mark Modi’s first visit to the US since his party swept to victory in general elections in May.
In 2005, the US State Department had revoked a visa that Modi had for travelling to the US in the wake of the 2002 riots in Gujarat.
He never applied for an American visa after the move.
Soon after his record electoral victory in the May general elections, Obama had called Modi personally and invited him for a meeting in September.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)

How to Prepare Yourself for a Home LoanYou are here: Home Your Money
How to Prepare Yourself for a Home Loan
BankBazaar.com | Updated On: September 08, 2014 12:36 (IST)
Finance Ministry May Ratify 8.75% Interest Rate on EPF Next Week: Report
Buying a home is a significant investment for most of us. Procurement of a home loan is as important as selecting a property. In fact, for most of us, the decision of purchasing a property is based on the amount of home loan we can avail.
Getting a home loan might appear as a difficult task. However, by following a few useful tips given in this article, you can smoothly run through the complete process without any hassles. This article will help investors - especially first time home buyers - to know what exactly they need to do to become home loan ready.
The process of becoming home loan ready starts 6 months prior for those who never bother to be financially disciplined.
Here are a few simple steps which will help you bring financial disciple in your life.
1. Clean up your credit report
The first and foremost thing that all loan providers refer to before lending to you is your credit report. All lenders expect you to have a clean credit history with a good credit score of 650+. Make sure to check your CIR (credit information report) as well as your credit score online at least 6 months prior to applying for the loan. This will give you sufficient time to set your score right if there are any problems. This will also boost your confidence if you have a good credit score. You can buy your CIBIL TransUnion credit report (including credit score) online for Rs.470 only.
Tip: Pay off all your delinquent accounts, late payments etc. and start making regular payments for your credit cards and loan EMIs at least 6 months before availing a home loan.
2. Pay off existing debt
If you are have availed multiple loans, try to pay them off before you apply for a home loan. As having several loans might affect your loan eligibility, few banks, however, along with your home loan, provide a scheme of debt consolidation as well. But this is subject to your monthly income. As any other EMIs that you are paying right now, gets factored while calculating your loan eligibility. The lesser EMIs you pay each month, more is your loan eligibility based on your income.
3. Improve your banking habits
Whenever you apply for any loan, the bank account statement is one of the most important documents that lenders ask for. Through your bank statement, the lenders verify your banking habits, lifestyle - easily noticeable if you use your debit card frequently - and your repayment behaviour. The lender expects you to have a good credit balance every month (at least equivalent to the EMI that you will repay for your home loan). Please ensure that there is no bouncing of cheques especially due to 'insufficient funds'. However, other cheque rejection reasons like 'signature mismatch' are still acceptable as an exception. But such instances should not exceed twice in last 6 months to 1 year. Lenders generally ask for a bank statement of last 6 months if you are salaried and last 1 year if you are self-employed.
4. Keep your documents in place
When you apply for a home loan, the following documents need to be submitted to the lender:
Salaried customer
Education qualification certificates and proof of business existence
Form 16
Last 3 years ITR (self and business)
Bank statement of last 6 months
Last 3 years profit/loss and balance sheet
Last 3 years profit/loss and balance sheet
Business profile
-
Bank statement of last 6 months - 1 year
On the basis of above documents, the lender can offer in-principal approval for your loan application. That is, the loan is sanctioned subject to positive property verification.
In addition to the above documents, you need to submit copies of all property papers that you desire to purchase. It is always recommended to verify the complete chain of property documents available with the seller for at least last 13 years before entering into an 'agreement to buy'. Generally, banks do not process a loan application without the 'agreement to buy/ sell'. If you are not confident on the property chain, it is always advisable to consult a property lawyer well in advance. The lawyers analyse the chain of the property and help you in making the decision to buy or reject the property. They also help in execution of the sale/purchase transaction.
5. Office and residential stability
Besides verifying your income, banking and property papers, lenders also verify your job and residential stability at your current address. This is done to avoid the risk of a fraud or any desertions later during repayment of loan. Hopping the job frequently might get you into trouble while you apply for loan. Generally, a stability of at least 6 months is desired both at residence as well as work place.
6. Apply for pre-approved loan
If you intend to buy a property within a couple of months, you can apply for a pre-approved home loan with the bank. As mentioned above, most of the banks these days sanction a loan amount that can be extended to you, even before you have zeroed in the right property for you. As an extension to this service, many lenders like ICICI Bank and HDFC Ltd help their customers find their dream home. For instance, HDFC has started an online portal wherein all the projects approved by HDFC have been listed. The borrowers can get their loan pre-approved and can then start looking for a home. This also enables you to be more precise with your budget for buying the property.
7. Understand lenders' loan process
Whenever you apply for a loan, be prepared for a lot of queries, phone calls and different visitors walking in on behalf of the bank. Loan providers follow a process wherein they outsource most of the verification process to third party vendors. After verifying their identity cards, you can address their queries. Your loan application is processed and approved/declined by the credit department of your lender that generally takes 4 to 8 working days to make a decision on your loan application. Once the loan is approved, then your sales officer guides you on further process of completing rest of the formalities.
8. Perform online research
As you get prepared for availing a home loan, do not forget to carry out an online research on the best rates and schemes offered by different banks. There are different home loan products available in the market as per different requirements. For example, some lenders offer a product - home loan over-draft - that is best for those who wish to make pre-payment of their loan. Although, the Reserve Bank (RBI) has mandated all the lenders to waive off the pre-payment penalty charges. But still, having a home loan OD saves you from the hassles of approaching the lender for pre-payment, standing in a queue, filling up form and rest of the formalities. It is a unique product that gives you freedom to transfer surplus funds to your home loan account online to save on the interest repayment. At the same time, it also allows you to withdraw some funds from your home loan over-draft account.
Similarly, there are different home loan products offered by different lenders at various rates. The key to grabbing the best deal is to do your homework in advance and become home loan ready.
BankBazaar.com is an online loan marketplace.
Disclaimer: All information in this article has been provided by BankBazaar.com and NDTV Profit is not responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the same.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 12:36 (IST)

Finding Fanny :  I am a virgin  dialogue to stay in the filmPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 7, 2014 8:48 am
The Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC), which previously objected to the dialogue ‘I am a virgin’ in ‘ Finding Fanny ‘, has now allowed the makers to retain it in the upcoming film after reviewing the issue.
CBFC had earlier told director Homi Adajania to discard the dialogue from the film where the lead actor Deepika Padukone says, “I am a virgin”.
“When we went for the Hindi dubbing, we sent a mail to Leela Samson stating our case. We were not objecting to the cut, we were just confused by the contradictory action because the line had been passed earlier in the trailers.
“We wanted some clarity on the issue. She agreed with us that if it had been passed earlier, continuation should be maintained. It’s a positive sign,” Adajania said in a statement.
‘Finding Fanny’, which also stars Arjun Kapoor, Dimple Kapadia, Pankaj Kapur and Naseeruddin Shah, will release on September 12. Produced by Maddock Films, the film is being presented by Fox Star Studios.

Love jihad vs real jihadApple Watch, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus: The price tag
IPhone 6 is likely to be available in India by October. Apple Watch will be hitting stores only in 2...

Editorial: Vijay Mallya  defaulterApple Watch, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus: The price tag
IPhone 6 is likely to be available in India by October. Apple Watch will be hitting stores only in 2...

Modi 100 days: Centre moves fast on changes in Land Acquisition Act to take states on boardEconomy
Modi 100 days: Centre moves fast on changes in Land Acquisition Act to take states on board
Ruhi Tewari | New Delhi | Published:  Sep 08 2014, 08:12  IST
Sep 08 2014, 08:12  IST
 

Abhishek Bachchan set to party with Jaipur Pink PanthersActor-producer Abhishek Bachchan is all set to let his hair down on Sunday (with his Pro Kabaddi League franchise Jaipur Pink Panthers, who won the first tournament. (Source: PTI)
Indo-Asian News Service | Jaipur | Posted: September 8, 2014 9:57 am
Actor-producer Abhishek Bachchan is all set to let his hair down on Sunday (with his Pro Kabaddi League franchise Jaipur Pink Panthers, who won the first tournament. (See Pics: Aaradhya cheers for dad’s team )
“Abhishek is extremely happy with the victory, so today he has decided to throw a party for the players in Jaipur,” said his spokesperson and added that the party will start after the press conference. (In Pics; Abhishek prays at Siddvinayak )
His team won against Ronnie Screwvala-owned franchise U Mumba, 35-24 in the thrilling final of the eight-city franchise-based Pro Kabaddi League finale, which took place Aug 31.

Shah Rukh Khan sports eight pack abs for Farah Khan again  this time in  Happy New YearPrint
SRK had earlier sported six packs for Farah Khan in 'Om Shanti Om' for a special song 'Dard-e-Disco.
Written by Apurva Singh , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 12:13 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 4:11 pm
Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan had flaunted his perfect abs in a Farah Khan movie and seven years later he has done it once again just for her. King Khan will be flaunting eight pack abs this time for Farah Khan in his upcoming movie Happy New Year .
SRK had earlier sported six packs for Farah Khan in ‘Om Shanti Om’ for a special song ‘Dard-e-Disco.
Shah Rukh Khan will be seen exposing his absolutely amazing eight pack abs for his introduction scene in the  film.
SRK has been working hard on his body and has been able to attain this after undergoing rigorous training with his trainer Prashant Sawant. SRK says he has been training with Sawant for the last 20 years and was also inspired by his eldest son Aryan. But the 48year-old-actor feels shy talking and discussing about his body openly.
Nonetheless, keeping his hesitations aside, SRK took to social network to post the picture showing-off his abs.
I feel shy to talk about my body,but this is only for @TheFarahKhan . Cos of @prashantsixpack my trainer for 20 yrs & Aryan for inspiring me
— Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) September 7, 2014
The picture shot by Bollywood’s ace photographer Dabboo Ratnani has Shah Rukh Khan in a rugged look with ropes and bandana, displaying his perfectly chiseled eight pack abs.
And this one is by @DabbooRatnani . Thanx my friend. And thanx @avigowariker . Now Farah don’t exploit me anymore!!! pic.twitter.com/TeOCpNzGAA
— Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) September 7, 2014
‘Happy New Year’ has an ensemble cast including Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood and Vuvaan Shah. ‘Happy New Year’ is slated to release this Diwali.

J&K floods: PM Modi extends help to Pak PM SharifJammu and Kashmir floods
(Modi on Sunday announced…)
NEW DELHI: After calling off the foreign secretary-level talks, India has extended a hand of help to Pakistan given the devastating floods in both parts of Kashmir.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has written to his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif , offering assistance in the relief efforts for the victims of unprecedented floods. "It is a matter of great distress that retreating monsoon rains have played havoc in many parts of our two countries. My heart goes out to the affected people and my deepest sympathies are with them and their families," Modi has written to Sharif on Sunday, offering any assistance that Pakistan may need.
The prime minister on Sunday announced an additional aid of Rs 1,000 crore for J&K during his visit to the flood-ravaged state, terming the calamity a national disaster and ordering immediate intensification of relief efforts as the death toll mounted to over 150 and thousands of people were said to be marooned.
Stepping up the relief efforts, the Indian Air Force pressed 29 planes and helicopters into service, set up a disaster monitoring cell and alerted all its bases to a high state of readiness. J&K Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said the state government had asked the IAF to begin air rescue operations in Srinagar, also endorsed by the PM, and said additional boats had arrived from Delhi for evacuation in worst-affected areas of Srinagar, including Rajbagh and Shivpura. The prime minister said boats had also been requisitioned from Gujarat and Maharashtra.
"This is an unprecedented situation and we are doing the best we can under the circumstances. Please do not panic, we will reach you, I promise," Abdullah wrote on Twitter. The Army and the IAF had rescued 12,500 by Sunday evening.
"This is a national-level disaster and the central government stands shoulder to shoulder with the state government and the people of the state in this hour of crisis," Modi said. He said the Rs 1,100 crore being made available to the state government through the State Disaster Relief Fund would not prove adequate in view of the magnitude of the tragedy and an additional special project assistance of Rs 1,000 crore would be made available by the Centre to the state for flood relief and rehabilitation, the Prime Minister's Office said in a statement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Floods create havoc in Kashmir ValleyFloods in Srinagar damage bridge in Uri
6 Sep, 2014
This year's weirdest questions come courtesy of Apple, Twitter, Goldman Sachs, Google, Amazon,...
 
With smartphone offerings growing by the minute, settling for the right device can be a tiring...
 
Modi arrived in the Japan's ancient capital on Saturday to begin his five-day visit to Japan.
 
>
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:
Please answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:
Please answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Get a Quote
Browse Companies
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Browse Mutual Funds

With influx of Pakistani actors in Bollywood  Indian cinema may be warming up to our neighbourWith influx of Pakistani actors in Bollywood, Indian cinema may be warming up to our neighbour
Dipti Nagpaul D'souza | Mumbai | Published:  Sep 08 2014, 10:16  IST
Sep 08 2014, 10:16  IST
 

I am already looking at maybe No.19: Serena WilliamsSerena Williams reacts after defeating Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark at the US Open. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | New York | Posted: September 8, 2014 1:38 pm
Serena Williams believes clinching an 18th Grand Slam title is more significant than the sixth US Open she won and vowed to keep adding to her majors collection.
The world number one swept past close friend Caroline Wozniacki 6-3, 6-3 in the final to go level with Chris Evert as a six-time champion in New York on Sunday.
The win also took her level with Evert and Martina Navratilova with 18 majors.
Both legends even stumped up for a gold bracelet for the 32-year-old Williams bought from Tiffany in New York to mark the occasion with ’18’ engraved into its single charm.
“Maybe the 18th was the most important because I was joining Chrissy and Martina. There was so much on the line between getting to number 18, which has been on my shoulder for so long and I finally got it,” said a tearful Williams.
“I never thought that me, Serena Williams would be in that group. Who am I? I never thought you would mention my name with such greats and legends. I was just a kid with a dream and a racquet. Living in Compton, you know.’
The American star now has 63 tour titles while her US Open prize money fund took her on-court career earnings through the $63 million mark.
But within three hours of her latest major — a sixth in New York added to her five at Wimbledon, five in Australia and two at the French Open — she was already planning on a 19th in Melbourne.
That would take her to within three of Steffi Graf’s 22 and closer to Margaret Court’s all-time mark of 24.
“I’m already looking at maybe No. 19. I want to continue to rise and continue to play really hard and do the best that I can.”
Williams won her first US Open in 1999 as a 17-year-old and added further triumphs in 2002, 2008, 2012 and 2013.
In her last three visits to New York she has been taken to three sets just twice — both in the finals of 2012 and 2013 by Victoria Azarenka — and has only been stretched to a single tiebreak.
She had not won a major in 2014 before Sunday, failing to get beyond the fourth round at the Australian and French Opens as well as Wimbledon.
But she came into the US Open winning two hard court warm-ups in Stanford and Cincinnati and finishing runner-up to sister Venus in Montreal.
Williams said that when she fell to the ground to mark her victory she was concerned that her celebrations may have been premature, concerned that fate may have conspired against her after such a relatively low-key year.
“Just after Wimbledon (where she lost in the third round) I was just so disappointed. Because I worked so hard. Six hours literally just training, training, training, continued…

Stock markets hit new record  future highs hinge on US rates  India reforms: Dipen ShahApple Watch, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus: The price tag
IPhone 6 is likely to be available in India by October. Apple Watch will be hitting stores only in 2...

SBI Seeks Reserve Bank Nod to Launch Contactless Debit CardYou are here: Home Industries
SBI Seeks Reserve Bank Nod to Launch Contactless Debit Card
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 09, 2014 10:09 (IST)
Mumbai: State Bank of India, the country's largest lender, on Monday said it is planning to launch contactless debit cards which would enable customers to carry out some transactions without having to enter the PIN (personal identification number) number.
The bank has sought permission from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for this.
Contactless debit cards don't require the cardholders to enter the PINs or sign when they pay for low-value items. Just a touch of the contactless debit card against the card reader is enough for the transaction to go through.
"Right now, for any card which has to be used, a customer has to put in the PIN. Some exception has to be made as for lower amount deals like buying a Metro or bus ticket, where he can simply show the card and get in," SBI deputy managing director (corporate strategy and new businesses) S K Mishra told reporters in Mumbai.
"So, we have requested the RBI to come up with a limit below which the PIN will be waived. We have suggested that we can have up to Rs 2,000 as the limit," he said.
Once the regulation comes in, all its future debit cards would be near-field communication (NFC or contactless) enabled, he added.
The bank is currently performing a test-run of such contactless cards at the Chennai and Mumbai metro stations.
Story first published on: September 09, 2014 10:09 (IST)

Irans Ayatollah Khamenei has surgerySeptember 8, 2014 3:53 pm
Iran’s Ayatollah Khamenei has prostate surgery
By Najmeh Bozorgmehr in Tehran
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9033363e-3755-11e4-b45c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mystery of the missing towersApple Watch, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus: The price tag
IPhone 6 is likely to be available in India by October. Apple Watch will be hitting stores only in 2...

Rates Fall at Weekly US Treasury AuctionThe final season of "Sons of Anarchy" picked up the vengeful saga of Jax Teller, played by actor Charlie Hunnam, in...
Prashant Gupta/FX

Ex-SAC manager sentenced to nine years© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6b4db6ee-378e-11e4-971c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Can CEO Shital Mehta pull Pantaloons out of ...Can CEO Shital Mehta pull Pantaloons out of the red?
Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Sep 9, 2014, 04.39AM IST
Tags:
Aditya Birla Group
("The real attempt to revive…)
MUMBAI: Shital Mehta doesn't like to be called a turnaround man, although that's really his calling card. He led the transformation of Van Heusen from a Rs 50 crore wholesale men's shirt brand in 2002 into a premium, lifestyle brand with sales of a little less than Rs 1,000 crore.
He made Madura Fashion and Lifestyle's loss-making luxury retail format, The Collective, a profitable concept three years ago. Now the Aditya Birla Group, which also owns Madura, is looking to the Pantaloons chief executive to change the fortunes of the loss-making department chain it acquired over a year ago from Future Group.
The strategy is simple. "Women's apparel has always been the draw at Pantaloons— it accounts for about half of sales compared to a quarter in most other department store chains. And exclusive brands are even more profitable--nearly 20 per cent higher than national brands," said Mehta, who has reorganized the stores to feature more than a dozen of Pantaloons' own brands such as Annabelle and Rang Manch up front and on the most visible racks.
The remaining space has been reserved sparingly for marquee brands including some belonging to the group such as Allen Solly and Peter England. The company also renovated more than half its 80 or so stores and plans to add another 20 doors by next year.
As part of a broader strategy to introduce exclusive international brands, Pantaloons has just signed a licensing deal with American women's clothing brand Candie's. The youth brand is sold across 650 doors globally and ranks among the bestsellers at US-based department store chain Kohl's.
In the last six months, Pantaloons has also launched San Frisco Jeans Co. and Byford, a British sport inspired lifestyle brand. While the Aditya Birla Group announced the acquisition of Pantaloons from Kishore Biyani two years ago for Rs 1,600 crore, the chain only came into its fold in April 2013.
"The real attempt to revive the department-store chain gained traction only during the beginning of the year after we managed to sell most of the old merchandise sourced by previous owner Future Group and replaced it with newer collections," said the 43-year-old Mehta, who was born in Bhavnagar, Gujarat, and peppers his conversation with native colloquialisms and talks about rebuilding the organization from the ground up.
"At the same time, we needed to retain its DNA, that of being women oriented and having an extremely loyal consumer base." Pantaloons has since streamlined operations, spent on staffing, adding 40 new designers and changed nearly half the 200 vendors it had earlier with ones that are bigger and specialise in their clothing sub-segment.
This reflects to an extent on the financials. Gross margins expanded nearly 4 per cent while the average bill value rose 13 per cent or Rs 200 per bill to more than Rs 1,500 in the quarter ended June from the year-ago period. However, experts feel such changes at an operational level are only part of what needs to be done.
"Rather than opening more stores, Pantaloons should focus on changing consumer perception about the brand that currently falls in between upmarket and mass-priced department chain," said Ruchi Sally, director at boutique retail consultancy Elargir Solutions. "Pantaloons needs to communicate aggressively that it has changed for the better."
With sales of Rs 1,661 crore in fiscal 2014, the department chain is still in the red with a net loss of Rs 187.7 crore, which the company attributes to increased staff and renovation costs.
Mehta, an engineering graduate, made his move into fashion in 2000 through Madura Lifestyle. "When I joined, I didn't even know what the number at the collar's back meant," joked Mehta, who went on to become the first recipient of the chairman's award at Madura.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Amazon  Flipkart in tie-ups for exclusive electronic launchesApple Watch, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus: The price tag
IPhone 6 is likely to be available in India by October. Apple Watch will be hitting stores only in 2...

Will Apple Finally Reveal its Next Big ThingYou are here: Home Corporates
Will Apple Finally Reveal its Next Big Thing?
Associated Press | Updated On: September 09, 2014 08:04 (IST)
Yet to Hear From UK Regulator on Subsidiarisation: SBI
San Francisco: Apple is poised to reveal its next big thing in a crucial attempt to prove its technological tastemakers still have the power to mesmerize the masses.
The trend-setting company is expected to rouse the still-slumbering market for wearable computers with a smartwatch or bracelet equipped to monitor health, help manage homes and even buy merchandise.
Apple is a late arrival to this relatively new niche: several other companies already sell smartwatches that are being greeted with widespread indifference.
If any company can transform the landscape, it's likely to be Apple Inc. after the company shifted the direction of digital technology with the iPod, iPhone and iPad. Other MP3 music players, smartphones and tablet computers were first to market, but the devices didn't enthrall consumers until Apple imbued them with a sense of elegance, convenience and wizardry.
"It means more to us to get it right than to be first," Apple CEO Tim Cook explained to analysts earlier this year.
Apple is likely to provide the first peek at its wearable device at a Tuesday event in the same Silicon Valley auditorium where Apple's late co-founder, Steve Jobs, unveiled the industry-shifting Mac computer 25 years ago.
Rumors have been swirling that U2, one of Jobs' favorite musical groups, will perform live to promote its new album, as well as Apple's latest gadgetry, which is likely to include an iPhone with a larger screen.
As usual, Apple hasn't said what's on tap, though the company's top executives have repeatedly promised major breakthroughs without providing any details.
"The location suggests this will be a historic event and the historic aspect will be their movement into a new category," predicted technology analyst and longtime Apple watcher Tim Bajarin.
After Tuesday's glimpse, it still may be several months before people get a chance to wear the device. There's speculation that the smartwatch won't be available until early next year, although Apple is expected to take orders during the holiday shopping season.
A smartwatch or high-tech bracelet would mark the first time that Apple Inc. has rolled out a new product line since the iPad's release nearly four-and-half years ago. In that time, the Cupertino, California, company, has been sprucing up its selection of iPhones, iPads and Macs with new models each year since Jobs died in October 2011 after a long battle with cancer.
The innovation void raised questions as to whether Apple's creativity was fading under Cook, Jobs' hand-picked successor.
Those concerns have waned in recent months amid high hopes for the products Apple has lined up for the holiday shopping season. The fervor propelled Apple's stock to new highs last week, a dramatic swing in sentiment from 17 months ago when the shares were trading about 44 per cent below current levels. The stock was down less than 1 per cent to $98.20 in Monday afternoon's trading.
Even with all the anticipation surrounding the potential smartwatch, the next generation of the iPhone will still be the star of Tuesday's show, as well as the main source of Apple's profits for at least the next year.
The device, likely to be called the iPhone 6, is expected to feature a screen spanning at least 4.7 inches diagonally, up from the 4-inch display on the previous models released during the past two years. Some analysts have speculated Apple may also offer an iPhone model with a 5.5-inch screen.
Any significant increase in the iPhone's size would make the device more competitive with smartphones made by Samsung Electronics and other rivals, and virtually ensure that Apple would have one of the holiday season's hottest selling items. "There is incredible pent-up demand for a larger-screen iPhone," Bajarin said.
Besides a larger screen, the new iPhone is expected to include a near-field communications chip that would enable the device to transmit payment information wirelessly to receivers at store check-in stands. The technology is expected to be accompanied with a mobile wallet feature that taps into the more than 800 million credit card account numbers that users store on Apple's remote servers to buy songs, video and apps from its iTunes stores. The mobile wallet could be secured with a fingerprint reader that Apple introduced last year on the iPhone 5S.
The mobile wallet conceivably could also work on a smartwatch or high-tech bracelet.
Apple's latest mobile software for the iPhone 6 and other recent models, iOS 8, also includes two features called HealthKit and HomeKit that represent the next step in the company's to play an even bigger role in the lives of the people tethered to its devices. The tools are designed to turn Apple's products into a suite of digital servants that do everything from monitoring a person's eating habits and exercise routines to turning on the coffee maker in the morning to turning off the lights at night.
If Apple follows its recent traditions, the free iOS 8 software will be released shortly before the iPhone 6 goes on sale later this month.
Story first published on: September 09, 2014 08:02 (IST)

No full stop  only comma in (Pakistan) diplomacy: Sushma SwarajApple Watch, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus: The price tag
IPhone 6 is likely to be available in India by October. Apple Watch will be hitting stores only in 2...

Modi-Obama meet on Sept 29-30Apple Watch, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus: The price tag
IPhone 6 is likely to be available in India by October. Apple Watch will be hitting stores only in 2...

Indian-American hedge fund manager gets 9 years in jailcorruption & bribery
Former SAC Capital portfolio manager Mathew Martoma jailed for his role in one of the "most lucrative" insider trading schemes ever.
An Indian-origin portfolio manager has been sentenced to 9 years in jail for his role in one of the “most lucrative” insider trading schemes ever in the U.S. involving a “staggering” $276 million and ordered to forfeit a $9.3 million bonus he earned through it.
Mathew Martoma, 40, was sentenced in federal court here on Monday by U.S. District Judge Paul Gardephe, who ordered that he also forfeit his interests in his Florida home and several bank accounts.
“I cannot and will not ignore that the gain is hundreds of millions of dollars more than ever seen in an insider trading prosecution,” Justice Gardephe said.
Martoma, a portfolio manager of CR Intrinsic Investors, a division of hedge fund behemoth SAC Capital, was convicted in February this year for collecting confidential information about a high-profile Alzheimer’s drug trial from two doctors and making profits and avoiding losses of $275 million for SAC Capital.

Over 50 12 Great Ways To Land A Jobreddit
The job market is tough today, especially when you consider that the government's inflated and expansive definition of a "job" includes part-time employment, temporary work and even unpaid work for the family.
We hear a lot of tales about the inability of workers over 50 to get a job, perhaps in part because of their age. There's no doubt some truth to such tales, but at the same time there's also truth to the notion that when the job market stinks, it's tough for just about anyone to find work and even lawyers are being laid off. In today's employment world it's a buyer's market and employers are the buyers.
For those over 50 -- and I have not been 50 since the 1990s -- there are complaints that job interviewers are mere youngsters who somehow do not recognize the skills, experience and outright brilliance of older potential workers, individuals inconveniently burdened with wrinkles and sags. The implication is clear: If you can't get past the Praetorian guard of youthful interviewers you'll never reach the promised land of regular paychecks and solid benefits.
This view of age-based exceptionalism needs to be re-visited. Those above age 50 looking for a job or a client must realize this is not the job market of our youth. Things are different today both for part-time and full-time employment but that doesn't mean you can't compete for a paycheck or project. Here are a few tips:
First, respect those younger than you. Didn't you regard yourself as pretty smart two or three decades ago? Why should people now in their twenties and thirties think any less of themselves? If you see people as your peers and equals you'll do a lot better in the interview process. Besides, the younger people you meet have earned their positions -- and the right to  your respect. If they're so dumb how come they have desks, titles and can qualify for a mortgage ?
Second, get smart. You may have 30 years of experience with the FlomThread 360 but today everyone is using the HashiButa TruePress 280, a digital machine that replaces 41 steps required under the old system. Can you use the new equipment or not? Can you learn the new system?
Third, know the employer. You can find out a lot about an organization not only from its website but also in the local newspaper and on blogs that track a given industry which includes the firm and its competitors. What are the issues it faces? What makes it a good place to work? What do other workers say?
Fourth, do you know anyone in the company or the field? Personal references go a long way and can help get you in the door. That said, personal references are not enough to keep a job. You must perform.
Fifth, do you have viral references? Can you point to URLs which feature your work, awards, opinions, or work-related recognition? If you have social media accounts make sure you have a nice head shot and remove any items which can be seen as inappropriate. Is this a form of self-censorship? You bet. Welcome to the real world, do you want a job or not?
Jobs and Employers: What They Really Want
Sixth, you routinely hear people say they want a given job because they need the money or they'll work hard. This is true of every applicant. What the interviewer really wants to hear is how you can help the employer, how the employer will benefit. Look at the job issue from the employer's perspective, you'll do better.
Seventh, learn to say yes. When someone describes a problem don't tell them it can't be done -- it will be done by someone, maybe you. Explain how to solve the problem, what steps are required and how best to approach the issue.
Eighth, getting a job is a numbers game. The odds of getting one "yes" are far greater if you apply in 100 places then if you try for three favorites. A lot of applications will not only keep you busy but if you're getting unemployment big numbers will also please state bureaucrats. To be efficient have a standard resume you can customize to fit individual job opportunities.
Ninth, think about the needs of the people with whom you're communicating. When they ask for a document or a follow-up response they mean now. Use a spell-checker with letters and email. Say thank you and compliment people who do their jobs and treat you well.
Tenth, if you've lost a job be prepared to explain why. In a fragile economy it's entirely common for good people to lose jobs because an employer has declining revenues, automated something or downsized. Never criticize a former employer, reveal confidential information or make inappropriate comments. It's enough to say that opportunities change, you've moved on and you wish the old employer well.
Eleventh, you may have clients you've never physically met because everything is done over the phone and by computer, you wouldn't know them if they knocked on the door. Alternatively, you may meet with folks as part of the interview process. Dress appropriately.
Twelfth, the plastic-surgery industrial complex won't like this but you're not going to be the kid on the beach again. You are who you are, that's okay and you must have confidence in yourself. Sure, you no longer have the physique of an Olympic athlete but employers are not hiring you to pole vault, they want your insight, experience and brains; they want a team player and someone who understands that today's workplace is very different from when you first got a job. Give 'em what they want -- and the odds that in return they'll give you what you want will surely improve.
_____________________
Published originally on OurBroker.com. Re-posted with permission.
Earlier on Huff/Post50:

I dont think about Dannys killers  I look to ordinary women for hope: Mariane PearlBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Cipla announces commercial collaboration with S&D PharmaSep 09, 2014, 08.57 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cipla announces commercial collaboration with S&D Pharma
Cipla announces the commercial collaboration with S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. This collaboration will enable Cipla to focus on its core therapy areas, while S&D Pharma will be the key partner for generics.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cipla announces commercial collaboration with S&D Pharma
Cipla announces the commercial collaboration with S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. This collaboration will enable Cipla to focus on its core therapy areas, while S&D Pharma will be the key partner for generics.
Post your opinion here
 
Cipla Ltd has informed BSE regarding a Press Release dated September 08, 2014, titled "Cipla announces a commercial collaboration with S&D Pharma to enter Czech Republic and Slovakia with affordable high quality alternatives" Cipla announces the commercial collaboration with S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. This collaboration will enable Cipla to focus on its core therapy areas, while S&D Pharma will be the key partner for generics.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

PM Modi to review performance of infra sector this weekYou are here: Home > Collections > Infrastructure
PM Narendra Modi to review performance of infra sector this week
PTI Sep 7, 2014, 12.10PM IST
Tags:
Coal
("Prime Minister will hold…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will hold a meeting on Wednesday to review the performance of key infrastructure sectors, including coal and power.
"Prime Minister will hold meeting on September 10 to review the progress in achieving the target for key infrastructure sectors like coal and power," said a source.
The infrastructure sector is a key focus area for the Modi-led government. The Centre is keen to speed up infrastructure development and investment to boost economic growth which remained at sub-5 per cent level during the previous two fiscals.
The Prime Minister held meeting with the secretaries of nine infrastructure ministries in July to set targets for 2014-15 and identifying key projects in sectors like road, power and railways.
Planning Commission Secretary Sindhushree Khullar had made a presentation on the performance of the various infrastructure sectors like airport, ports and inland waterways, railways, roads, telecom, power, coal and renewable energy in the last fiscal and the possible targets for the year 2014-15, an official had earlier said.
During the meeting, it was decided that in addition to the quantitative targets, Planning Commission should also measure efficiency parameters, the official said, adding that "there should be a 10 per cent increase in these each year".
Moreover, it was also decided during the meeting that there should a joint mechanism at government level under the Cabinet Secretary for meeting regularly to resolve issues of various ministries and states, the official had said.
"In these meetings, all issues related to a state in various sectors could be taken up comprehensively," the official had said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chinese  Malaysian cos may rescue highway projectsYou are here: Home > Collections > Companies
Government looking at Chinese and Malaysian infrastructure companies to rescue highway projects
Ruchika Chitravanshi, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 06.36AM IST
Tags:
Delhi-Meerut highway
(“We want to get these projects…)
NEW DELHI: India is looking at Chinese and Malaysian infrastructure companies to rescue highway projects that failed to find any takers in the country. The Nitin Gadkari-led road transport and highways ministry has initiated talks with some companies to get them to bid for projects including the eastern peripheral expressway and Delhi-Meerut highway in fresh tenders.
"We want to get these projects started.... We are trying to gauge the interest of these companies in some of these projects, so we can float a tender soon," a senior government official told ET. The official did not disclose the names of the companies, citing preliminary nature of talks. There are around seven projects worth Rs 3,400 crore that were bid out by the previous government but failed to find any takers. The ministry is of the view that speedier execution by these projects would also draw Indian players to the sector.
Close to 189 highway projects involving investments of around Rs 1,80,000 crore are stuck due to problems of land acquisition, delays in forest and environment clearances, non-transfer of defence land and hurdles in rail over bridges. Indian developers, already confronting these and being financially stretched, have remained lukewarm in response to some road project bids. The previous government could only manage to award projects for 3,169 km of the around 5,000 km of projects that went for bidding in 2013-14.
The new government, which plans to rebuild the country's creaky infrastructure, has identified road development as its key focus area. Gadkari has already held several meetings with concerned departments and ministries to push takeoff of projects.
The Cabinet recently allowed the road transport and highways ministry to amend the model concession agreement and the mode of delivery of projects according to local requirements in order to expedite construction.
The ministry is also attempting innovative methods to make projects attractive for bidders. The prime minister has set a target of awarding projects for the construction of 8,500 km of highways by the end of March 2015 as against a target of 9,638 km during 2013-14.
In order to better the chances of getting private participation, the National Highways Authority of India is breaking down the Eastern Peripheral Expressway into three projects to be bid out separately for faster execution.
Experts say this could help script a new story in the road sector development.
They say India could also benefit from the technological expertise of these companies in terms of execution and bringing down instances of road fatalities. However in order to make these projects attractive, the government would have to rework the cost of projects.
"Once the project is delayed, cost increases. These companies can partner Indian companies on a guaranteed return of investment, irrespective of the loss or profit to execute these projects," said M Murali, director-general of National Highway Builders' Federation .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rural ministry to keep digital eye on rural schemesRural development ministry to keep digital eye on rural schemes to ensure transparency in the system
Yogima Sharma, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 06.28AM IST
Tags:
Narendra Modi
(The ministry is planning…)
NEW DELHI: "Photo khench, mantralaya bhej (click a picture, send to the ministry)," is the new mantra of the rural development ministry as it gears up to digitally monitor the creation of all durable assets under its various social sector schemes across the country.
The ministry is planning to rope in an IT company that will geotag each unit house built under the rural housing scheme and upload it on the ministry's website. This will help the government, which puts in three-fourths of the money into the scheme, monitor implementation as well as ensure there is no duplication.
The move is in sync with the Narendra Modi-led NDA government's style of functioning that puts an emphasis on use of digital media to ensure transparency in the system and could prove critical for tracking step-by-step progress of the scheme as it moves to meet the target of housing for all by 2022.
The initiative, if successful, could also be replicated to monitor the construction of toilets under the Swatchh Bharat Abhiyan as well as rural roads under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana .
"We have proposed to introduce mobilebased monitoring of rural houses being built under the scheme. This will be done by geotagging each unit and uploading the photo of each unit onto our system. It will help us monitor online the implementation of the scheme and also ensure that targeted individuals or families benefit from the scheme," a senior government official told ET, requesting anonymity.
According to the official, the proposal is at a preliminary stage and finer details will be worked out later, including the process of floating tender for the project. Rural houses have been built under the Indira Awaas Yojana (IAY) since 1985.
However, under the new government, the ministry has proposed to revamp and rename the scheme as National Gramin Awaas Mission and has set a target of building 29.5 million houses within seven years, starting from 2015, so as to achieve the government's vision.
Under the new scheme, the ministry has proposed to substantially increase the allocation per unit from Rs 70,000 to Rs 1.10 lakh in plain areas and from Rs 75,000 toRs 1.25 lakh in hilly or difficult terrain. Besides, it has proposed to increase the size of each unit from 20 sq mt to 25 sq mt and has included toilet as part of the scheme.
This will require an investment of nearlyRs 3.5 lakh crore, to be shared in the ratio of 75:25 in plain areas and 90:10 in hilly areas between Centre and states. So far, 32.5 million houses have been built under IAY at a cumulative cost of over Rs 1 lakh crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Weaker yen buoys Japan bourseStocks lower on Fed outlook fears
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fc781818-37ce-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Xiaomi Redmi 1s quick-read review: Best budget phone you can buyBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Sri Lanka ready to steal a march over Kerala s Rs 22 000-crore tourism industryBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Sensex down 89 points; realty  IT stocks major losersSensex sheds 55 points on profit booking
Our Bureau
Realty, IT stocks major losers
Mumbai, Sept 9:  
Sensex dipped by 55 points on profit booking.
The benchmark index opened marginally lower at 27,316 against the previous close of 27,320. It made a high of 27,328 and low of 27,177 before closing at 27,265. Turnover on BSE was down at Rs 3,427 crore against Rs 3,602 crore logged in on Monday.
On NSE, Nifty was down 21 points at 8,153.
Ashok Leyland jumped five per cent to Rs 41 after the company said it has bagged orders worth about Rs 1,500 crore to supply buses under JNNURM-II scheme.
Cipla gained two per cent to Rs 575. The company on Monday said it has entered into a commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. The collaboration will enable Cipla to focus on its core therapy areas, while S&D Pharma will be the key partner for generics, it said.
Most aviation stocks gain on consistent fall in crude oil prices. SpiceJet was up four per cent at Rs 14 while Jet Airways was up three per cent at Rs 224.
The major gainers were Ashok Leyland (5%), NHPC (5%), Idea Cellular (5%), Bhushan Steel (5%), Jain Irrigation (5%) and Wockhardt (4%).
Prominent losers were Sobha (-4%), Unitech (-3%), Torrent Power (-3%), Nalco (-3%), GSPL (-3%) and Bata India (-2%).
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Supreme Court gives Centre 4 weeks more to decide on Delhi govtformationPrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 11:43 am | Updated: September 10, 2014 2:05 am
The  Supreme Court  on Tuesday turned down the Centre’s request to dispose of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP)’s petition demanding fresh polls, and asked it to take a decision by October 10 on government formation in Delhi “in the interest of everybody”.
A Constitution bench led by Justice H L Dattu sought a “positive” response from the government regarding the outcome of the political process initiated byLt-Governor Najeeb Jung, who wrote to President Pranab Mukherjee, seeking permission to invite the largest party, the BJP, to form the government in Delhi .
The court, however, rejected an argument by Additional Solicitor General P S Narasimha, who appeared for the Centre, noting that nothing remained to be decided in the AAP’s petition after the L-G had initiated the process on government formation in Delhi.
The ASG had produced the September 4 letter written by the L-G. In the letter, Jung had said it was not advisable to have fresh polls in Delhi in such a short time and had sought approval to invite the BJP to form the government.
The bench told the ASG, “No no… don’t tell us nothing has remained for this court to decide in this petition. We are still hearing the matter. The ball is presently in your court. You are right in saying that the dignitaries have taken into consideration the sentiments expressed by this court and we are happy about that. But you have to give us a time by which you will take a decision. And be fair to us.”
“Our thinking is that it is the interest of everybody that a government is formed and if it cannot be formed in the current situation, election should be held. That is the only interest of this court in this matter,” the court said.
When Narasimha said the political process was likely to take some time, the court said it should be done at the earliest since horse-trading, as alleged by AAP’s counsel Fali S Nariman, could continue in case of a delay.
It refused to grant Centre time till end of October, saying it was too long, and asked it to return to court by October 10.
The ASG also cautioned the bench against the possibility of being dragged into a political wrangle since the petition was moved by the AAP and various media reports were being published. The court assured the Centre that it was not going to be influenced by anything but the principles of law.
The bench also declined to take on record, for the time being, an additional affidavit and other materials, including the CD of the purported AAP sting.

England beat Switzerland  Estonia edge past Slovenia in Euro 2016qualifiersDanny Welbeck scores after beating Switzerland's Valon Behrami and Johan Djourou. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Posted: September 9, 2014 11:40 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 12:35 pm
Danny Welbeck scored twice to give England respite from criticism and a deserved 2-0 win at Switzerland in their European Championship qualifying opener on Monday.
Welbeck finished off Raheem Sterling’s pass on a fast counter-attack in the 58th minute and slotted in a right-footed shot deep into stoppage time.
England’s lead was preserved in the 70th by defender Gary Cahill sliding to block Josip Drmic’s shot after the Swiss substitute dribbled around goalkeeper Joe Hart.
Widely criticized for failure to win a game at the World Cup, England responded by winning its most difficult fixture in Euro 2016 qualifying against the No. 9 team in FIFA’s rankings. England is No. 20.
“I’ve never really lost faith,” England coach Roy Hodgson said. “I thought that the way we approached the game from the first minute was exactly what we wanted and we got our reward for once.”
Switzerland was praised for reaching the last 16 in Brazil, but new coach Vladimir Petkovic begins his tenure with the team’s first competitive home loss in four years. Then, England won 3-1 at the same St. Jakob-Park early in Euro 2012 qualifying.
“They lacked a bit of calm in their game,” Petkovic said of his players. “The first goal is a gift but we reacted well after that”.
Also in Group E on Monday, Lithuania won 2-0 at San Marino, and Estonia beat Slovenia 1-0.
The top two in each group qualify for Euro 2016 in France. The third-place team can qualify directly or advance to a playoff.
Hodgson was rewarded for selecting youth in a starting lineup with an average age under 25.
The 19-year-old Sterling took Rooney’s weighted pass in his speedy stride, advanced into the left side of the Swiss penalty area and slid the ball across goal for 23-year-old Welbeck to score.
Though it was Welbeck’s shin connecting with the ball, Arsenal’s new 16 million-pound ($25.8-million) signing from Manchester United was perfectly positioned to strike.
Rooney’s astute play launched the move when the captain seized on his Swiss counterpart Gokhan Inler’s misplaced pass deep in England’s half.
England merited its lead, though the flip side of the youthful verve which created several chances was a lack of composure in dangerous situations.
“I think we created a number of chances which maybe we could have done better with the final pass,” Welbeck said.
A three-on-one break was wasted in the 29th when Welbeck passed the ball beyond Sterling’s reach in front of goal.
Earlier, Sterling delivered a slow pass into the path of Rooney whose weak shot was easily gathered by goalkeeper Yann Sommer.
Sommer excelled diving low to his left in the 43rd to push away a powerful header from Phil Jones at a corner.
England goalkeeper Joe Hart stood out saving twice from center forward Haris Seferovic.
Hart stretched his right leg to block Seferovic’s shot in the 33rd minute after continued…

Massive rescue operations underway in J&KMassive rescue operations underway in J&K
PTI
Tweet
Srinagar/Jammu, Sept 9:  
Mammoth multi-agency rescue efforts were underway in Jammu and Kashmir today to rescue lakhs of people trapped in flood-ravaged areas, with IAF choppers and transport aircraft undertaking non-stop sorties overnight to carry men and relief material to the submerged parts.
Rescue teams will be today focusing on the inundated city of Srinagar and south Kashmir belt where an estimated four lakh people are believed to be trapped in floods which have claimed nearly 200 lives in the State.
Two more units of Army and NDRF have been airdropped to Pancheri in Udhampur where 30 people are missing after a landslide hit the area.
“Seven bodies and a limb of a person have been so far recovered in Udhampur but the operation to locate those trapped is very difficult,” DIG Garib Das said.
However, the situation in the rest of Jammu belt has stabilised and the focus is now on providing relief material on the ground, officials said.
They said a massive rescue and relief operation is on in Kashmir Valley with more helicopters and rescue material, including boats, pressed into service.
30 sorties of IL-76 and AN 32 have been undertaken to Srinagar overnight to carry men and relief material, boats cutters and other equipment, besides huge quantity of medicines and water bottles.
Speaking about the rescue efforts, Army Lt Chetan said: “We are rescuing 10-15 people in every round we make per boat.
We make 50-60 rounds per day. We have all equipment to rescue people. We will move out only after rescuing everybody.’’
Army Chief Gen Dalbir Suhag had said in Delhi yesterday that “Soldiers won’t return to barracks until last man is helped.”
Army medical officer Jagdish Singh said, “We have set up medical camps and are treating 230-300 people everyday.
“We have ambulances and surgeons. District hospitals and NGOs are also working with us,” he said.
Lt Gen D S Hooda, General-Officer-Commanding of the Army’s Northern Command had said yesterday that the focus will be now on Srinagar.
The heavy floods triggered by torrential rains have snapped the Valley’s telecommunication links with the rest of the country.
BSNL has launched an operation on a war-footing with the Army and IAF to restore mobile services through satellite network and the telecom network is expected to be partially restored today, officials said.
To provide relief to the displaced, 68 camps have been set up in Jammu.
Seven helicopters have been pressed to ferry relief material to Rajouri, Poonch, Reasi, Mahore, Doda, Kishtwar belts, officials said.
The Centre has rushed more National Disaster Response Forces (NDRF) teams equipped with boats and other flood relief equipment to Kashmir Valley. Naval commandos have also been deployed for the first time.
Army, Air Force, NDRF and state agencies have so far rescued more than 25,000 people and lodged them in higher places in the Valley.
Boats have been pressed into service in many flooded parts to rescue the residents huddled on rooftops and upper floors of their houses.
Meanwhile, the pilgrimage to Vaishno Devi shrine in Reasi district was on with over 25,000 people offering prayers since yesterday.
Efforts are on to restore helicopter services to the cave shrine, Das said.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Bagram boomtowns decline as Nato packs its bags© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f8079020-3741-11e4-b45c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

San Miguel sells $1bn Philippine Airlines stakeLast updated: September 9, 2014 4:30 pm
San Miguel sells $1bn stake back to Philippine Airlines
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b758d5ea-37d5-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Saeed Ajmal suspended for illegalactionAn independent panel found Saeed Ajmal's action illegal (Source: File)
Reuters | Dubai | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:10 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 3:35 pm
Pakistan off-spinner Saeed Ajmal has been banned from bowling for an illegal action, the International Cricket Council (ICC) said on Tuesday.
Currently the top-ranked bowler in one-day internationals, the 36-year-old spinner was reported for his dodgy action by the umpires after last month’s Galle Test against Sri Lanka and flew to Brisbane to undergo biomechanical Tests.
“…an independent analysis has found the bowling action of Pakistan’s off-spinner Saeed Ajmal to be illegal and, as such, the player has been suspended from bowling in international cricket with immediate effect,” the ICC said in a statement. (Also Read: Saqlain offers a helping hand)
Ajmal was also reported for a suspect action in 2009 before being cleared by the ICC.
While some suspected the off-spinner’s ‘doosra’ – the delivery that spins the other way – exceeded the permissible straightening of the elbow joint for bowlers, the ICC said all Ajmal deliveries breached the limit. (Also Read: PCB to appeal against Ajmal suspension)
“The analysis revealed that all his deliveries exceeded the 15 degrees level of tolerance permitted under the regulations,” the governing body said.
Ajmal, who has taken 178 wickets from 35 tests to go with 183 from 111 ODIs, can now apply for a re-assessment after modifying his bowling action.
While the ICC has denied asking match officials to be more vigilant about chucking, the renewed vigour in identifying bowlers with illegal actions has been evident.
Ajmal is among the four off-spinners to have recently been reported for a suspect action, along with Sri Lanka’s Sachithra Senanayake, New Zealand’s Kane Williamson and Zimbabwe all-rounder Prosper Utseya.

Sensex in red  Nifty below 8 150; Punj Lloyd gains 9%; top stocksSensex rangebound, Nifty near 8150 levels; top 15 stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 9, 2014, 03.00PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex recovered some lost ground in the late noon deals on the back of buying visible in the index heavyweights like Tata Motors, ITC, Bharti Airtel, Tata Steel and State Bank of India.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also recovered a bit but it was trading below to its crucial psychological level of 8150, weighed down by losses in IT, energy, banks and metal stocks.
At 2:55 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,238, down 81 points or 0.3 per cent. It touched a high of 27,328.27 and a low of 27,177 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,143 down 31 points or 0.38 per cent. It touched an intraday high of 8,174.55 and a low of 8126.50.
Meanwhile, shares of Punj Lloyd gained consecutively for the second day after the company said it had secured an order of Rs 3,515 crore from ?from PRPC Refinery and Cracker, a subsidiary under the Petroleum National Berhad (PETRONAS) group, Malaysia's national emergency group.
The stock gained 9 per cent to Rs 44.25.
Market highlights @ 1.30
- 2.57 lakh M&M shares traded in 2 blocks at Rs 1401.20, stock up 0.45%
- 1.10 lakh Federal Bank shares traded at Rs 124.95, stock down 1.3%
- KPIT Tech buys 50% stake in Impact Auto for ?10.8 cr
- TVS Motors, Motherson, Eicher, Mindtree & SKS Microfinance included in F&O category
- ABB spikes after Swiss parent announces $4 bn share buyback plan
Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are in focus today:
Lanco Infratech Ltd: The company which has interests in infrastructure, power and realty segments, retrenched 30 per cent of its 5,700 workforce during the last financial year due to slowdown in development of some of its projects amid subdued market conditions.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.7 per cent lower at Rs 8.15.
The company has seen its total borrowings growing by about 8 per cent during 2013-14 to Rs 36,705 crore (33,969 crore), and its staff strength coming down by 30 per cent to 4,000 people due to slowdown impacting the pace of project execution.
Oil & Gas stocks: A four-member panel of secretaries will submit its report on a new gas pricing mechanism by Wednesday, Oil Secretary Saurabh Chandra said today.
At 10:00 a.m.; IOC was trading 0.05 per cent lower at Rs 400.60.
M&M Ltd: Mahindra & Mahindra is lining up three major offerings in the compact sport-utility-vehicle segment for launch over the next 18-24 months, as it aims to reclaim space lost to the Ford EcoSport and Renault Duster over the past couple of years.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent higher at Rs 1401.
Apollo Tyres Ltd: Apollo Tyres plans to set up a new plant in Hungary at an investment of 442.2 million euros (about Rs 3,450 crore) and the investment aid given by the country's government has been cleared by European Commission.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.6 per cent higher at Rs 215.15.
RIL, ONGC & BPCL: Reliance Industries, ONGC and Bharat Petroleum Corp (BPCL) walked away with the top honours at the annual PetroFed Oil & Gas Industry Awards here today.
At 10:00 a.m.; RIL was trading 0.08 per cent lower at Rs 1036, ONGC was down 0.7 per cent to Rs 452 and BPCL was trading 0.23 per cent higher at Rs 701.35.
Venus Remedies Ltd: The pharma major is eyeing $15 million revenue from its antibiotic 'meropenem' in a span of one year as it seeks to sell this drug in 50 countries including in regulated markets. At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 8 per cent higher at Rs 320.95.
Elder Pharmaceuticals Ltd: Post-Torrent deal, a much leaner and better leveraged Elder Pharmaceuticals Ltd has set in motion a process to expand its footprint in the Rs 4,000-crore dermatology segment in a big way.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.6 per cent higher at Rs 193.
Bharti Airtel Ltd: Bharti Airtel is seeking compensation from the government for the company's interest cost on money borrowed to make initial payment for airwaves it won in a February auction but are yet to be allocated.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.3 per cent higher at Rs 408.65.
Neyveli Lignite Ltd: An early end to the six-day old indefinite strike by more than 10,000 contract labourers of Neyveli Lignite Corporation looked bleak with the first round of tripartite conciliatory talks held here on Monday ending in a deadlock.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 91.75.
Cipla Ltd: Pharmaceutical firm announced commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. In a BSE filing, Cipla said this collaboration will enable it to focus on its core therapy areas, while S&D Pharma will be the key partner for generics.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 570.10.

Gold near 3-month low  strength in $ weighs"Gold appears to be testing its $1,250 an ounce support handle, and any break below may see the precious metal extend its bearish trend."
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Gold hovered near its lowest in three months on Tuesday after sharp overnight losses as the dollar traded at 14-month highs against a basket of major currencies, dimming the metal's appeal as a currency hedge.
Spot gold had slipped slightly to $1,254.66 an ounce by 0335 GMT. The metal closed down 1 per cent on Monday, after earlier hitting $1,251.24 - its lowest since June.
"Gold appears to be testing its $1,250 an ounce support handle, and any break below may see the precious metal extend its bearish trend," said OCBC Bank analyst Barnabas Gan.
The path of least resistance for gold is to move lower as the US dollar is expected to strengthen further, other traders said.
The dollar index was near July 2013 highs, boosted by a San Francisco Fed study that noted investors are pricing in a lower trajectory for interest rates rises than members of the central bank are.
It was also supported as sterling was pressured amid ongoing jitters that Scotland could vote to secede from the United Kingdom.
A stronger greenback makes dollar-denominated gold more expensive for holders of other currencies.
"Momentum indicators highlight an accelerated pace of decline, and we maintain our expectations for further weakness toward the June low of $1,240," said analysts at ScotiaMocatta.
Top buyer China returned from a holiday on Tuesday but failed to provide any significant support to prices.
Premiums on the Shanghai Gold Exchange were steady at $4-$5 an ounce, higher than the $2-$3 seen early last week, in a sign that buying has picked up in recent days as prices drop to multi-month lows.
Investors were also eyeing geopolitical tensions over Ukraine. A ceasefire agreed between Ukraine and pro-Russian rebels last week has weakened safe-haven bids for gold, though each side accused the other of sporadic shelling.
Russia signalled on Monday it might ban Western airlines from flying over its territory as part of an "asymmetrical" response to new European Union sanctions over the Ukraine crisis.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Nod for plan pegged at Rs. 2400 croreUpdated: September 9, 2014 12:24 IST
Nod for plan pegged at Rs. 2400 crore
R. SivaramanS. Prasad
The Hindu Lt. Governor A.K.Singh addressing members of Puducherry Assembly on Monday. Photo: T.Singaravelou
Budget session begins with Lt Governor’s customary address
Lieutenant Governor A.K.Singh on Monday announced that the Planning Commission has approved a plan size of Rs. 2,400 crore for the financial year-2014-15.
The budget session of Puducherry Legislative Assembly began with Lt Governor Mr. Singh delivering the customary address to the MLAs.
“The Planning Commission has allowed a plan size of Rs.2,400 crore for the annual plan 2014-15 as against the plan size of Rs.2,000 crore last year. This is because of higher internal resources, pursuing of more Central schemes in the new government and allocation of long-pending funds for Coastal Disaster Risk Reduction Project(CDRRP) to the tune of Rs.188 crore”, said Mr.Singh.
Stating that the Gross State Domestic Product(GSDP) is one of the major indicators for determining the State’s economy, Mr.Singh said the GSDP of Puducherry has increased from Rs.16,769 crore to Rs. 21,061 crore for the year 2013-14 showing a growth rate of 25.59 per cent over 2012-13. “The per capita income of Puducherry increased from 1.29 lakh in 2012-13 to Rs.1.58 lakh in 2013-14, showing a growth rate of 22.5 per cent,” he added.
Pointing out that the government’s efforts to computerise the treasury operations, he said IT completed the Public Finance Management System that would facilitate an online flow of funds from the Central Ministries and to further distribute the scheme benefits to the beneficiaries in a transparent manner.
Listing out major programmes and achievements under various sectors during 2013-14, he said the average productivity of paddy and sugarcane increased by 32 per cent and 10 per cent respectively due to the technological intervention by adoption of System of Rice Intensification(SRI) and precision farming techniques.
Mr.Singh said Aadhaar integrated biometric based Smart Ration Cards were issued to family ration card holders to enable the delivery of commodity through point of sale devices at fair price shops. Out of 3.33, lakh family ration cards, 2. 28 lakh biometric cards have been issued.
Narrating the measures to facilitate trade and business in a transparent and efficient manner, the Lieutenant Governor said the revenue collection during 2013-14 was Rs.1,257 crore. Based on buoyancy in the market, the revenue target for the present financial year 2014-15 is kept at Rs.1,380 crore. On-line renewal under VAT has been linked with e-payment, benefiting 11,000 traders.
He added that ‘C’ unit of Anglo French Textiles has restarted giving much needed employment to the mill workers and the government would also take effective steps to revitalise other units.
After the Lieutenant Governor’s address, Speaker V.Sabapathy adjourned the House to September 11.

Angel Broking remains neutral on CiplaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Govt won t allow FDI in multi-brand retail  says NirmalaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Visitor book unauthorized  full of flaws  CBI chief Ranjit Sinha saysThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

BJP contacted our MLA: KejriwalThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

TCS shares gains after backing FY15 outlookThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US Open Men s Final: Cilic Overpowers Nishikori to Lift First Grand Slam TitleThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ashok Leyland wins order for 4000 buses. Will this drive a re-rating of the stockSilver Member
0 Follower
There could be re-rating in the short term. But the question is whether you can take a 5-year view on the stock. Investors who have been invested in the stock for the last 5-7 years have got very poor returns.
4.06 PM Sep 9th

Will you go long in tcsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buying unitech now for this week at 22.8/Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Not even a single hourly close below 8139.9 till now for today. last 2...Gold Member
16 Followers
As said, Nifty traded with negative bias below 7966 and tested 7842 again but could not break the support there. Daily and hourly charts continue to be bearish but on hourly chart seems to be slightly in over sold zone. OI data progression was with bears, but, interesting that huge OI addition was also seen at 7800 PE along with 7900, 8000 and 8100 CEs. Close below 7890 was not good for bulls and now, 7842 is an important number and if it is broken much lower levels are awaited. Have fun. Trade safe.
5.11 PM Oct 7th

Ashok Leyland gets Rs 1 500 crore orders for busesTweet
Coimbatore, Sept 9:  
Ashok Leyland Ltd has secured orders for 4,000 buses valued at nearly Rs 1,500 crore from various state transport undertakings (STUs) under JNNURM-II.
The company has said that it would also market its 'JanBus’, which it claimed was the 'world’s first front-engine, single-step entry, full-flat floor bus’ in international markets too.
In its filings with the stock exchanges, ALL said that 22 STUs from across the country have placed orders for the buses. Vinod K Dasari, MD, ALL, said that JanBus was specifically designed for urban transportation, offering higher safety and 'substantially enhanced operating economics for the STUs’. The vehicle had elicited great response from the STUs and ALL would provide more than 2,000 buses under JNNURM-II.
He said the company had also received orders from international market for the vehicle and said 'soon JanBus will be running in many countries’.
The company also offered an 8-metre 'JanBus Midi’ which was designed for feeder services providing last mile connectivity from metro stations, BRT corridors to the final destination. He explained that both JanBus and JanBus Midi were 'well suited to fit Government of India’s Smart City Strategy’.
ALL would offer a mix of JanBus, midi-buses and Ultra Low Entry buses as part of the 4,000 buses ordered under JNNURM-II. Already the supply of vehicles had begun and many were already ferrying passengers, ALL said in its release.
The stock has witnessed a huge trading volume of more than 2.25 crore shares within the first two hours of trading. It has gained 6.74 per cent or Rs 2.60 to trade at Rs 41.20 on the NSE.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Decent end to upbeat week  indices up over 1%Rahul Oberoi      Follow @iamrahuloberoi    Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 20:53 IST
Photo: Reuters
Benchmark stock indices traded near all-time highs during the week. The BSE Sensex opened the week at 26,733.18, touched a record high of 27,225 points on Wednesday and closed the week at 27,026. It rose 293 points or 1.1% during the week. The Nifty opened the week at 7,990, touched a high of 8,141 and closed at 8,086 points, up 96 points or 1.2%.
Consumer goods, health care and IT stocks were the top performers. The FMCG index was the only sector index that closed in the red. The BSE Consumer Goods index rose 3.02% to 15,420.9. It was followed by BSE IT (2.92% to 10,405) and BSE Healthcare indices (2.62% to 13,760).
In the BSE 500 index, Abbott India, Motherson Sumi, Bharti Infratel, UPL Ltd, Jyothy Laboratories, Kaveri Seed Company, Tech Mahindra, Tata Consultancy Services and Glenmark Pharmaceuticals touched all-time highs during the week.
Foreign institutional investors , or FIIs, remained net buyers for another week. Their net investment stood at Rs 3,972 crore.
Rakesh Goyal, senior vice president, Bonanza Portfolio, says, "The market looks positive. Trade positions, market activity, derivatives positions and sentiment indicate healthy movement in the coming week. The Ukraine crisis is about to get resolved, which is a positive. We expect markets to remain upbeat and FII flows to continue."
The Sensex fell 113 points on Thursday and Friday. Vikram Dhawan, director, Equentis Capital, says, "In spite of steady flow of positive news, both locally and globally, broad indices appear to be losing momentum. This usually happens when markets are either hugely overbought or when big-ticket buying tapers off. A steep correction is not envisaged at this point in time, though we may be entering a phase of procrastinated time correction."
The HSBC India manufacturing purchasing managers' index data fell to 52.4 in August from 53 in July, showing moderation in manufacturing activity. The HSBC/Markit purchasing managers index for services fell to 50.6 compared to 52.2 in July, again indicating a slowdown. A reading above 50 indicates growth.
At the same time, the HSBC composite output index stood at 51.6 in August, down from 53 in July, showing slowing output growth across the private sector.
Crude oil is still weak. Alex Mathews, head of research, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services, says, "Crude oil is likely to test $92 levels in the near term and even fall below this crucial support level. The key reasons are higher production, lower demand and strong dollar."
The major events to watch out for in the coming week are the release of inflation, industrial production and manufacturing numbers.

Sonia Gandhi: The most credible Congress  chehra(And yet, without a member…)
By: Neerja Chowdhury
That Congressmen should be at war with each other, when the party is down to a measly 44 Lok Sabha seats, may sound incredible. It is not as if the youth brigade and the old guard are fighting over spoils. The kitty is empty. But that is what happens when a party's fortunes slump. When the leadership gets weakened, knives get unsheathed.
The jibes by members of the Congress' old guard—Janardhan Dwivedi and Digvijaya Singh—may be an expression of the angst many senior leaders feel about being left out of the "new dispensation" being put in place by Rahul Gandhi. It may also be a preemptive strike, either to be included in the reconstituted team (whenever it takes place) or to say that they were excluded because they spoke up.
Dwivedi exhorted the Congress' youth brigade not to go public on issues, but it is he who first went public on the need to revisit "job reservations" before the LS polls, or for the over-70s to withdraw from active politics.
Madhusudan Mistry—an old guard, but in the Rahul team—had a point when he asked why the seniors did not express their views to the High Command earlier. They were after all a part of the decisionmaking process. But it is also a fact that senior leaders did not have ready access to Rahul. As for the "retaliation" by 14 secretaries of Team Rahul, it only accentuated the divide in the party.
The war in Congress is not about issues; it is about attacking, or defending, Rahul.
Some of Rahul's travails have stemmed from his diffidence to lead the party from the front. He may have chafed against the existing Congress culture, he may have wanted to bring changes in the party's functioning, but instead of taking charge of the main Congress organisation—that is the only to wield authority in a party like the Congress built on an edifice of power and patronage—for many years, he tinkered with the functioning of the NSUI and Youth Congress. Had Rahul spoken in Parliament during the last ten years on a host of issues—as the younger Congress spokespersons appointed by him are doing, mobilising facts, arguments,viewpoints to counter the opponent— he might not have been so hesitant today.
While the transition of leadership has clearly taken place inside the BJP, from the Vajpayee-Advani era to one headed by Narendra Modi, the process remains unfinished in the Congress. Rahul is in charge of the party for all practical purposes, and yet not in charge.
Many believe the Congress story might have panned out differently had Rahul joined the government in 2011-12— Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan has said as much—and maybe taken over the reins of government. (Dr Manmohan Singh could have moved to Rashtrapati Bhavan.) This might have had its own impact on the 2012 UP elections, with politics taking a different trajectory. But that, now, is history.
And yet, without a member of the Gandhi family to lead it, the Congress is likely to split into several factions, and that is the hard reality today.
It is not the party's defeat which bothers many Congressmen and women today. It is the absence of someone to lead from the front, who inspires confidence in the rank and file. The Congress was mauled in 1977 but there was an Indira Gandhi to fight back and she had turned around the situation within a year and was back in power in less than three years.
With Rahul not having clicked, and Priyanka having said a "no" to any position in the party, the ball is back in the court of Sonia Gandhi who had hoped to take a back step in 2014. Though her health is not what it used to be, she has reactivated herself, and is meeting a large number of party persons to get their ideas on how to move forward. It is a paradox in some ways that of all the Congress "chehras", the most credible one today belongs to the "foreignorigin" bahu of the Nehru-Gandhi clan.
 
In 1998, Sonia came out of the shadows to prevent the party from splintering, and kept the Congress unified over the last sixteen years. It is an irony that she should once again be called to play that role in 2014, but in much more trying circumstances, particularly with many Congressmen moving away to greener pastures.
Also 2014 is not 1977, when a motley group of Janata leaders at war with each other was easier to fell. Today there is a Narendra Modi at the head of government, endowed with a legitimacy, of a BJP in a majority.
As a start, Sonia will have to bridge this youth-versus-age divide in the party. Rahul may want his own team in place, but even strongman Modi has had to share power, giving prime positions to Rajnath Singh and Sushma Swaraj.
Sonia may have to decentralise power to rebuild the organisation. To hold genuine CWC elections. To give an autonomy of functioning to state satraps, so that a new leadership evolves.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cong  organisational polls indicate Rahul s aim of tightening grip on the partyCongress' organisational polls indicate Rahul Gandhi's aim of tightening grip on the party
CL Manoj, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
AICC
(By ensuring that a majority…)
NEW DELHI: Though an enriched Congress old guard joined hands to nix an organised challenge from a group of 14 young party secretaries who had warned against any public disproval of Rahul Gandhi's style, that unprecedented open act could redraw the internal equations in the party's leadership.
The fact that 13 of the 14 secretaries are winners of Rahul's leadership programme and that they tried to strike ahead of state polls and in the middle of Congress' organisational election process, indicates the larger aim of Team Rahul to tighten its grip on the party machinery.
By ensuring that a majority of the second-rung leaders didn't join the rebellion, the old guard too has demonstrated determination not to yield the space so soon. Many insiders expect more such turf wars in the run up to the AICC reshuffle.
With the AICC putting a gag order on the 14 and the old guard too busy in positioning behind the scene, there is a palpable sense of tension and dismay among Congress activists. "Neither the old guards nor the so-called few youthful over-enthusiastic AICC secretaries have exclusive rights over the leadership of Rahulji. The fact that Rahulji is leading the entire Congress rank and file of all ages is his strength," said Mohd Shamim Akhtar , an AICC member and a former leader of the party's students' wing.
Yet nobody is missing the close link 13 of the 14 secretaries have with Gandhi. They were appointed at the AICC as Gandhi's talent-hunt winners in Youth Congress. Party circles see them as a mixed bag: some rooted, some floaters and some networkers.
Paresh Dhanani, the first to sign the joint-letter to the AICC general secretaries, is a rooted warrior and former Youth Congress chief in Gujarat, who defeated senior Modi lieutenants Purushottam Rupala and Dileep Sanghani in the last two assembly elections.
Kuljit Singh Nagra and Sanjay Kapoor are Youth Congress leaders and MLAs from Punjab and UP. Girish Chodankar from Goa is Gandhi's deputy as in-charge of the Youth Congress and NSUI.
Among others, while Prakash Joshi has emerged as a Youth Congress leader from Uttarakhand, Subhankar Sarkar is a former head of both the youth and students' wings in West Bengal. Bhupen Bora and Rana Goswami are MLAs in Assam. Suraj Hegde is a grandson of former Karnataka CM Devaraj Urs .
Zubair Khan, a former state NSUI chief in Rajasthan, former MP Harish Chaudhary, ex-MLA from Delhi Naseeb Singh and Chellakumar, an former MLA in TN who had been a GK Moopanar loyalist, are the others who have come up through the talent hunt.
The 14th member, Shakeel Ahmed Khan, travelled from the Left-wing SFI to Ram Vilas Paswan's party to the Congress and has forfeited his deposit in a couple of electoral contests.
Some feel the failure of the group of 14 - with the backing of Madhusudan Misry , CP Joshi, Jitender Singh and Manik Tagore - to mobilise 27 other AICC secretaries and other leaders "has made it look as if Rahulji has only 14 backers in the AICC". But some of the leaders in the group privately insist that they have indeed "delivered a warning to the seniors who have been taking things for granted".
The turf battle could soon reach Sonia Gandhi's court. "The fact is Rahulji could carry out all experiments not because they were brilliant ideas or productive but because Soniaji allowed him to do those. I have no doubt Soniaji will again let Rahulji to have his ways in rebuilding the party postpoll," a party insider said. "For me, the suspense is not on that count but on what could be its fall-out at this challenging time for Congress."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Demand to include separate Vidarbha promise in Congress manifestoYou are here: Home > Collections > Vidarbha
Demand to include separate Vidarbha promise in Congress manifesto
PTI Sep 7, 2014, 01.51PM IST
Tags:
BJP government
(Raut's manifesto says…)
NAGPUR: Maharashtra Minister Nitin Raut has urged Congress Manifesto Committee to include the separate Vidarbha promise in its election manifesto ahead of the next month's state Assembly elections.
Raut, Minister for EGS and Water Conservation, who prepared the 'Vidarbha Development Manifesto', has submitted it to the the party's manifesto panel headed by former Union Home Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde .
"The separate Vidarbha demand will assume significance in the upcoming Assembly elections. If Congress fails to pass the Vidarbha development agenda, the party would meet the same fate as in Lok Sabha elections," Raut warned today.
The minister, who was recently made the Guardian Minister of Nagpur, replacing Social Justice Minister Shivajirao Moghe , had also raised the issue of Vidarbha statehood before Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan at a public meeting.
According to him, the development of the region is not possible if it continues to stay in Maharashtra.
The Vidarbha development manifesto prepared by Raut comprises a five-point programme-- industrialisation through separate policy for Vidarbha (with less costly land and power at lower prices as incentives for investment), a separate service commission, development of Nagpur as an IT hub, removal of developmental backlog and tourism promotion.
Raut said as per CAG reports of 2012-13, out of the total investment that the state has attracted, only 6 per cent came to Vidarbha.
The minister has sought party's commitment to create a separate Vidarbha public service commission "to give justice" to the youths of the region.
Raut's manifesto says that Congress should fully back any resolution moved by the BJP government at the Centre for the creation of separate Vidarbha state.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM to ministries: Focus on merit in appointmentsACC
(This is part of a larger overhaul…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has told ministries in no uncertain terms that he won't brook any kind of obfuscation in the way they recommend candidates for specific roles as he looks to end the way in which such appointments were said to be rigged in the previous United Progressive Alliance administration in some departments.
This is part of a larger overhaul of the human resources management strategy being driven by the Prime Minister's Office with a view to getting the right team in place for implementing the government's agenda over the next five years.
The diktat to focus on merit while proposing candidates was issued to all departments on September 5, after several instances in which alternatives were recommended to the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet (ACC) without being ranked in order of merit or detailing the choice of the selection panel appointed for the head-hunting exercise.
"In some of the cases submitted by various ministries, the selection committees or the search-cum-selection committees are not recommending the panel (of candidates) in order of merit or preference," the personnel ministry said in its September 5 memo sent to departments.
The ACC incidentally is restricted to Modi and Home Minister Rajnath Singh . The minister under whose domain the vacancy arises is no longer included as was done in the UPA's tenure. The PMO's move is being seen by officials as an attempt to break with what was regarded as UPA's ad hoc and capricious method of selecting talent for top roles in ministries, public sector enterprises, banks, financial institutions and autonomous bodies.
It wasn't uncommon to witness sparring and sniping over appointments at the highest levels of the previous government. Traditionally, the prime minister has overseen all top appointments at ministries, especially those of secretaries, as they are expected to keep a check on ministers as part of their duties.
But coalition compulsions, often cited during the UPA era, meant that ministers had a disproportionate say in deciding key appointments, allowing them to get rid of officers they deemed inconvenient. It is also said to have allowed former telecom minister A Raja to virtually handpick all the officials in the department, allowing wrongdoing to flourish and culminating in the cancellation of telecom licences by the Supreme Court in 2012 after the 2G scam came to light.
Ministries have been told they "must" indicate the order of merit and preference while forwarding names for a job, unless they are statutorily required not to do so. "All ministries are requested to ensure compliance of these instructions," the personnel ministry memo stressed.
Modi's predecessor Manmohan Singh had also identified the ministries' casual approach to appointments as a problem and had asked them to ensure that selection panels recommended candidates in order of merit. But the process stayed opaque and marred by intrigue, with several organisations remaining headless for indefinite periods of time under UPA's watch.
By contrast, the Modi PMO is not only asserting itself on all important policy decisions, but also has the last word on appointments, including those of ministers' personal staff. An informal HR competency mapping exercise to identify the best officials suited for vacancies that have arisen and will arise in the central government in the coming six months is being steered by PK Mishra, additional principal secretary in the PMO.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US MPs unhappy as PM Modi may not get to address US joint sessionUS MPs unhappy as PM Narendra Modi may not get to address US joint session
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
John Boehner
(The US govt often honours…)
NEW DELHI: US House Speaker John Boehner's explanation that Indian PM Narendra Modi's address to a joint session of the US Congress cannot be arranged because of the House calendar has disappointed some US lawmakers.
Some US officials close to the matter told ET that Brad Sherman of California and Eni Faleomavaega of American Samoa — the force behind the campaign to invite Modi to address a joint session of the House and Senate during his upcoming Washington visit—feel the schedule of the House could have been adjusted.
The US government often honours heads of nations with which it has close ties by inviting them for the joint address. A similar invitation was widely expected for Modi, who was denied a US visa in 2005 over the Gujarat violence.
Modi's US visit, which begins on September 30, is seen as giving momentum to bilateral ties that have slumped since 2011.
US House Representatives Ed Royce (California, Republican) and George Holding (Republican, North Carolina) had also written to the Congressional leadership urging that the Indian PM be invited to address a joint session.
As many as 87 members of the House were in favour of Modi's address. A similar letter was written by several Senators to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid. Although Boehner has given an open invite to Modi for addressing the joint session of US Congress, he has said that the Congressional schedule in the last week of September may not permit it.
According to the officials quoted earlier, Faleomavaega, a strong votary of India-US ties, is of the view that the Congressional schedule could have accommodated Modi's address. He, however, is hopeful that it will happen in the future.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brent crude falls below $100 a barrelBrent crude falls below $100 a barrel
By Anjli Raval, Oil and Gas Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/93431788-3730-11e4-b45c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shemaroo Entertainment s Rs 120 cr IPO to open on Sep 16BSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Ileana D Cruz signed opposite Shah Rukh Khan for  Fan Print
BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai | Posted: September 8, 2014 3:02 pm
Shah Rukh Khan may be busy with the promotions of Farah Khan’s ‘Happy New Year’ but the actor will soon start working for the Yash Raj film ‘Fan’. Though the names of many actresses have been floating around for the role of a leading lady, we hear that it is Ileana D’Cruz who has bagged the role opposite Shah Rukh Khan.
If this turns out to be true, then this will be the first time that Shah Rukh Khan will be paired with Ileana D’Cruz who made her debut in Bollywood with Anurag Basu’s Barfi! From Vaani Kapoor of ‘Shuddh Desi Romance’ fame to Parineeti Chopra, many names were being tossed around. In fact, recently Vaani even mentioned that she is doing a Yash Raj film however, she refrained from divulging any more details.
Ileana D’Cruz shot to fame with her Bollywood debut Barfi! and later was seen romancing Shahid Kapoor and Varun Dhawan in ‘Phata Poster Nikla Hero’ and ‘Main Tera Hero’ respectively. Currently, the actress is busy wrapping up the Saif Ali Khan – Kalki Koechlin starrer ‘Happy Ending’, directed by the duo Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K.
‘Fan’, to be directed by Maneesh Sharma and written by Habib Faisal, is slated to go on floor in October and the film is supposedly based on the story of a fan who is on a mission to meet the one he has idolized for long.
Though Fan was slated to go on floor later this year, the film got pre-poned and Shah Rukh Khan who was supposed to complete Excel Entertainment’s (Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Sidhwani) Raees, decided to wrap up this Maneesh Sharma directorial.
‘Fan’ is slated to release on August 14, 2015.

Experimental Ebola vaccine protects monkeys for 10 monthsNEW YORK, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 8, 2014 12:55 IST
Experimental Ebola vaccine protects monkeys for 10 months
Reuters
AP A Liberian woman holds up a pamphlet with guidance on how to prevent the Ebola virus from spreading, in the city of Monrovia, Liberia. Photo: AP
TOPICS
health
An experimental Ebola vaccine similar to one being developed by GlaxoSmithKline is effective for at least five weeks in lab monkeys but requires boosting with an additional vaccine to extend its protection to 10 months, according to a study published on Sunday.
The findings offer an early hint of which, if any, of the Ebola vaccines in development will prove effective, and in what form. Johnson & Johnson and NewLink Genetics are also among the firms accelerating their efforts to provide Ebola vaccines and treatments as the worst known outbreak of the virus ravages West Africa, killing more than 2,000 people.
The results of the new study suggest, for instance, that a GSK vaccine now being tested on healthy volunteers will protect against Ebola infection in the short term, but may have to be augmented for long-term protection.
The study, published in Nature Medicine, is the first to report that a vaccine regimen produced "durable immunity" against Ebola, protecting four out of four monkeys for 10 months.
The vaccine uses a chimp adenovirus, closely related to a human version that causes upper respiratory tract infections, into which scientists spliced an Ebola gene.
The adenovirus infects cells in a vaccinated animal, causing them to take up the gene and produce Ebola proteins. That primes the immune system to attack the proteins of Ebola viruses when an infection occurs.
The vaccine in the study is similar to competing vaccines being developed by GSK, which began human safety trials last Tuesday, and by J&J, which aims to start safety trials in early 2015.
A third experimental Ebola vaccine uses a different delivery system, a livestock pathogen called vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV). A version developed by the Public Health Agency of Canada and licensed to NewLink Genetics is scheduled to be tested for safety in healthy volunteers this fall. Profectus BioSciences is also developing a VSV vaccine.
DOUBLE DUTY
In the new study, led by Nancy Sullivan of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), researchers sought to see whether a double dose of vaccine in a regimen called "prime-boost" would address two different clinical needs.
One is protecting against Ebola immediately, said NIAID director Dr Anthony Fauci, as when a person is heading to an area with an Ebola outbreak. In the study, an adenovirus vaccine essentially the same as GSK's does so: four of four vaccinated macaque monkeys given otherwise lethal doses of Ebola five weeks later survived and had no detectable virus in their blood. All unvaccinated monkeys died within six days.
The other need is to protect someone whose stay in an Ebola zone lasts months. Here, the adeno vaccine faltered at one dose: when eight vaccinated macaques were exposed to Ebola 10 months later, six died.
With a new group of macaques, however, the scientists followed the initial adeno vaccine eight weeks later with a booster shot using a different carrier virus, called MVA (modified vaccine Ankara) and carrying the same Ebola gene. This time, all four infected monkeys were still protected at 10 months.
The human trial of the GSK vaccine uses a single adenovirus dose: regulators require safety trials to test each element of a regimen separately, said NIAID's Fauci, so any adverse events can be traced more easily.
GSK also plans to test a two-dose prime-boost version, said spokeswoman Mary Ann Rhyne.
J&J's Ebola vaccine consists of an adenovirus prime followed by an MVA boost made by Bavarian Nordic.
"After the boost, protection is not only stronger but also longer-lasting," said J&J spokesman Daniel De Schryver.
Thomas Geisbert of the University of Texas Medical Branch works on the VSV-based Ebola vaccine being developed by Profectus. He questioned the practicality of a two-shot vaccine regimen.
"You really need a fast-acting single injection vaccine" for protecting a community during an outbreak or preparing first responders and healthcare workers, he said.
Only VSV vaccines have been shown to protect lab monkeys when given after infection with Ebola, Geisbert said: "This makes it so much more useful than any of the other vaccines. For outbreaks, it works fast."

AirAsia Berhad to lease Airbus A320-200 to AirAsia India for $45 million12
0
New Delhi: Malaysian carrier AirAsia would lease an Airbus A320-200 aircraft to its Indian low-cost joint venture airline, AirAsia India, at a cost of USD 45 million.
In an announcement, the Malaysian airline said it had initiated the lease agreement with AirAsia India from September 5 for a period of 144 months and the amount would be paid in the form of advance monthly lease rentals by the new Indian carrier.
AirAsia India, which currently has a fleet of two of these planes, has plans to have a 10-aircraft fleet within a year of its operations and the planes would be drawn from A-320 family of aircraft ordered by the AirAsia Group.
The Malaysian airline said it had initiated the lease agreement with AirAsia India from September 5 for a period of 144 months.
#airasia #airasia berhad #airasia india #malaysian airline
All AirAsia India planes would be configured in an all-economy layout with 180 seats.
The airline, a 49:30:21 joint venture between AirAsia, Tata Sons Limited and Arun Bhatia's Telestra Tradeplace Private Limited, currently flies to six destinations of Bangalore, Chennai, Goa, Kochi, Jaipur and Chandigarh.
The Malaysian parent company, in its corporate disclosure, said AirAsia Berhad "currently leases aircraft to the other joint venture airlines within the AirAsia Group in its ordinary course of business. In line with AirAsia's growth strategies, the fleet expansion of AirAsia India would help to maximise route opportunities in the South Asia".
The growth of AirAsia India would benefit the AirAsia Group by extending leverage on AirAsia brand and distribution presence, strengthen the group's commercial and operational economies of scale and its ability to feed traffic between South East Asia and AirAsia India domestic network and vice versa, the AirAsia Berhad announcement said.
1

Court Seeks Responses of Centre  Kingfisher Airline on PNB PleaYou are here: Home Corporates
Court Seeks Responses of Centre, Kingfisher Airline on PNB Plea
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 08, 2014 19:46 (IST)
Tata Motors to Treble Commercial Vehicle Exports by 2018-19
New Delhi:
The Delhi High Court today sought responses of the Centre and Kingfisher Airlines on a plea that lawyers cannot appear before lending bank PNB in the process to declare the ailing carrier and its guarantors, Vijay Mallya and UBHL, as wilful defaulters.
Punjab National Bank (PNB), in its plea, has challenged an order of a single-judge bench of the high court which had allowed lawyers to represent the airline in the proceedings to decide whether the carrier and its guarantors, Mallya and United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd (UBHL) are to be held wilful defaulters for non-payment of dues of over Rs 770 crore.
A bench of Chief Justice G Rohini and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw issued notice to the airline and the central government seeking their replies within a week on PNB's plea.
"We would like to hear the other side (Kingfisher). Issue notice. Returnable on September 15," the bench said.
PNB contended that it had issued notice on August 21 to the airline asking why it and its guarantors be not declared wilful defaulters for non-payment of dues as per RBI guidelines.
PNB had said in its notice that in the event of no reply within seven days from August 21, the airline and its guarantors would be deemed as wilful defaulters.
The single-judge bench of the high court in its August 28 order had also stayed the bank's notice to the extent that the airline and its guarantors would be held as wilful defaulters for not replying within seven days.
The court had said the operation of the default notice would not come into effect as PNB will have to give to the airline, within a week from August 28, the documents relied upon by it and Kingfisher was given two weeks time thereafter to respond.
In its appeal PNB has said the airline had not disclosed that a similar plea of the carrier, against United Bank of India, was dismissed by a division bench of the Calcutta High Court on July 16.
It has also submitted that the airline's appeal against the Calcutta High Court's decision was dismissed by the Supreme Court on September 2.
The Delhi High Court in its August 28 order had held as "unacceptable" the bank's reasons for not allowing the airline to be represented by lawyers in the proceedings initiated to decide whether the grounded carrier is a wilful defaulter for non-payment of dues and directed that two advocates be allowed to represent Kingfisher.
Kingfisher had moved the court seeking directions to the bank to rescind its August 21 notice and those issued earlier as well as to restrain it from taking any action against the airlines in pursuance of the same.
The court had also said that the hearing before the committee will be held on September 22 and would be concluded the same day within six hours in order to prevent any delay.
According to PNB, the airline has wilfully defaulted in payment of outstanding dues of over Rs 774 crore.
It has also submitted that Kingfisher Airlines has already been held as a wilful defaulter by United Bank of India for non-payment of dues.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 19:42 (IST)

India revamps intellectual property policyIndia revamps intellectual property policy in face of western anger
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/458f833a-375a-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dow  SP 500 end lower following drop in energy sharesSep 09, 2014, 07.54 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Dow, S&P 500 end lower following drop in energy shares
Energy led the day's decline, with the S&P energy index off 1.6 percent. Shares of Exxon Mobil fell 1.5 percent and Schlumberger's were down 2.1 percent, among the biggest drags on the S&P 500.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dow, S&P 500 end lower following drop in energy shares
Energy led the day's decline, with the S&P energy index off 1.6 percent. Shares of Exxon Mobil fell 1.5 percent and Schlumberger's were down 2.1 percent, among the biggest drags on the S&P 500.
Post your opinion here
 
The Dow and S&P 500 ended lower on Monday after a drop in energy shares, while the Nasdaq edged higher with Yahoo.
The S&P 500's decline followed a record close on Friday.
Energy led the day's decline, with the S&P energy index off 1.6 percent. Shares of Exxon Mobil fell 1.5 percent and Schlumberger's were down 2.1 percent, among the biggest drags on the S&P 500.
A stronger dollar pushed dollar-denominated commodities lower. The US dollar rose to its highest in over a year, while US crude fell 0.7 percent.
"What you have as much as anything, the market is just consolidating some recent gains," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia.
"The dollar is rallying and, as a consequence, you see the commodity complex getting clobbered. Energy is taking a blow, so that's making a dent."
Helping the Nasdaq, shares of Yahoo jumped 5.6 percent to USD 41.81, their highest close since Jan. 11, 2006, in anticipation of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's initial public offering. Yahoo has a 22.4 percent stake in Alibaba.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 25.94 points or 0.15 percent, to 17,111.42, the S&P 500 lost 6.18 points or 0.31 percent, to 2,001.53 and the Nasdaq Composite added 9.39 points or 0.2 percent, to 4,592.29.
Recent market momentum has been driven by accommodative Fed policy, including bond purchases and low interest rates. Research from the San Francisco Federal Reserve indicated investors expect rates to stay low for longer than the central bank itself does.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Cheetah Mobile, up 12.79 percent, while the largest percentage decliner was Halcon Resources, down 7.58 percent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were US-listed shares of Petrobras, down 5.31 percent to USD 18.35, and Ambev SA, down 2.39 percent to USD 6.95.
Besides Yahoo, Apple, down 0.6 percent at USD 98.36 and Microsoft, up 1.2 percent to USD 46.47 were among the most actively traded.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,876 to 1,143, for a 1.64-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,525 issues rose and 1,200 fell for a 1.27-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The broad S&P 500 index posted 45 new 52-week highs and three new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 78 new highs and 26 new lows.
About 5.2 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, near the 5.3 billion average for the last five sessions, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
RELATED NEWS

Asian markets mixed; Shanghai Composite down  Nikkei upSep 09, 2014, 08.10 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Asian markets mixed; Shanghai Composite down, Nikkei up
Asian markets were trading mixed. Shanghai Composite was trading lower, while Nikkei and Taiwan Weighted were trading higher.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Asian markets mixed; Shanghai Composite down, Nikkei up
Asian markets were trading mixed. Shanghai Composite was trading lower, while Nikkei and Taiwan Weighted were trading higher.
Post your opinion here
 
Asian indices traded mixed on Tuesday amid light volumes, as markets in South Korea and Hong Kong were closed for the Mid-Autumn Festival.
Overnight in the US, Wall Street closed mixed with energy producers leading losses on oil's drop to a multi-month low.
The S&P 500 declined 0.3 percent as investors questioned whether the index had run its course after posting five straight weeks of gains and touching a fresh record high last week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average shed 0.2 percent while the tech-heavy Nasdaq rose 0.2 percent.
In Europe, the European Union formally adopted a package of new sanctions against Russia on late Monday, but said their entry into force would be delayed to leave time to assess whether a cease-fire in Ukraine is holding.
China's Shanghai Composite was down 0.15 percent or 3.49 points at 2,322.94. Japan's Nikkei was up 0.28 percent or 43.83 points at 15,748.94.
Singapore's Straits Times was up 0.18 percent or 5.92 points at 3,341.11. Taiwan's Taiwan Weighted jumped 0.41 percent or 38.75 points at 9,446.69.
(with inputs from cnbc.com)

Doval meets top Chinese diplomat to finalise Xi Jinping s India visitForeign Secretary Sujatha Singh and NSA Ajit Doval. File Photo (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Beijing | Posted: September 9, 2014 9:45 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 9:46 am
National Security Advisor Ajit Doval on Tuesday held talks with China’s top diplomat and State Councillor Yang Jiechi to finalise the arrangements for Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India expected to take place next week.
Doval arrived in Beijing on Monday as the Special Representative of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to make final preparations for Xi’s visit.
The two officials met at the Diaoyutai Guest house to finalise the schedule and agenda for Xi’s visit.
Welcoming Doval, Yang who is also China’s Special Representative for Sino-India border talks, said he highly appreciates Doval’s visit.
It speaks volumes about the importance the Indian side attaches to Xi’s visit and bilateral relations, he said.
“We believe that with specific efforts from both sides President’s visit will be a full success and bilateral relations will be taken to higher level,” he said.
Expressing happiness over Doval taking over as NSA, Yang appreciated his contribution to the bilateral ties.
Appreciating the gesture to receive him at a short notice, Doval said he had brought a special message for Xi from the Prime Minister’s side.
Doval is due to meet Xi later in the day.
During his visit to India, Xi is expected to announce major Chinese investments as well as hold talks with Modi on border dispute as well as China’s plans to revive a number of Silk Road Projects including the Maritime Silk Road.
Doval’s visit is taking place in the immediate backdrop of the cancellation of Xi’s visit to Islamabad planned as part of his first visit to Pakistan, Sri Lanka and India.
Dates for the visit of Xi, also the General Secretary of the ruling Communist Party of China, have not yet been officially announced by both sides.
Initially, Xi was to pay a three-day visit to New Delhi from September 17.
Speculation is rife that in view of the cancellation of the visit to Pakistan, Xi may arrive in India earlier and may visit Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s home state Gujarat before he lands in New Delhi.
Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, who visited Beijing twice including early this month, has laid ground for Xi’s visit by holding extensive talks with Chinese officials on the package of investments as well as measures to address India’s concerns of trade deficit.
China-India are in discussions to modernise Indian railways.
China plans to invest in industrial parks, locations of which are expected to be announced by Xi.
Besides finalising the schedule, Doval’s visit is expected to focus on the political aspects of Xi’s tour, including issues related to the boundary dispute and new routes for Kailash and Manasarovar Yatra.
Yang is China’s Special Representative for boundary negotiations held two rounds of talks with Doval’s predecessor, Shivshankar Menon.
The two sides held 17 rounds of talks and reached a stage to focus on the framework to resolve the dispute.
The next stage was stated to be exchange of maps about the mutual perception of the Line of Actual Control (LAC).

Sensex  Nifty open in red; Infosys falls 1%  Bharti weakSep 09, 2014, 09.55 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty open in red; Infosys falls 1%, Bharti weak
Infosys, Bharti, Tata Steel, Hindalco and Sesa Sterlite are top losers in the Sensex.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty open in red; Infosys falls 1%, Bharti weak
Infosys, Bharti, Tata Steel, Hindalco and Sesa Sterlite are top losers in the Sensex.
Post your opinion here
09:14
Moneycontrol Bureau
10:00 am FII view: Bharat Iyer, JPMorgan says comfortable global liquidity, lower global commodity prices and a historic electoral verdict have all been supportive for Indian equities this year so far.
However, elevated expectations are the main risk now as recent correction in some of the investment-linked sectors can be linked to that, he adds.
9:35 am Buzzing: Shares of Cipla jumped around 2 percent intraday on Tuesday after it announced a commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma to enter Czech Republic and Slovakia.
As per the agreement, Cipla will be driving its respiratory product portfolio in both Czech Republic and Slovakia through a Cipla owned sales force team, managed by Cipla commercial head. S&D Pharma will physically distribute all products, including respiratory products, and this portfolio will increase over the next few years.
The company said, in a press statement, that once regulatory and reimbursement approvals are in place, the Salmeterol-Fluticasone fixed combination will be launched in  both markets underthe  name Fullhale.
Don't miss: Aditya Birla Chemicals buys Jayshree Chemicals' unit for $35m
After hitting record high yesterday, the market has opened in red. The Sensex is down 23.79 points at 27296.06 and the Nifty is down 14.35 points at 8159.55. About 556 shares have advanced, 140 shares declined, and 35 shares are unchanged.
Infosys, Bharti, Tata Steel, Hindalco and Sesa Sterlite are top losers in the Sensex. Bharti, TCS, Coal India, Cipla and Tata Power are top gainers.
The Indian rupee opened on a weak note and has slipped by 14 paise to 60.43 per dollar as against previous day's closing value of 60.29 a dollar.
Ashutosh Raina of HDFC Bank said, "The US dollar posted strong gains across the board, with Euro, Yen and Pound hitting troughs and USD Index just short of it's high of 84.75 hit in July 2013. Strong FII flows and suspected Central Bank intervention have ensured that rupee consolidates in 60-61/dollar range."
The dollar traded at 14-month highs against a basket of major currencies, benefiting from a run in Sterling and after a Federal Reserve study sparked more buying interest. Giving bulls a boost, a research from the San Francisco Fed noted that investors are pricing in a lower trajectory for interest rate rises than members of the Fed itself.
In the US, stocks mostly declined, with energy producers leading losses on oil's drop to a multi-month low, as investors retreated after a fifth week of gains.
And in Europe, shares closed lower after weak trade data from China and concerns about the Scottish independence vote.
RELATED NEWS

Top Indian  Chinese diplomats meet to finalise Xi s India visitTop Indian, Chinese diplomats meet to finalise Xi's India visit
KJM Varma     Beijing   Last Updated: September 9, 2014  | 10:34 IST
During his visit to India, Xi Jinping is expected to announce major Chinese investments (Photo: Reuters)
National Security Advisor Ajit Doval on Tuesday held talks with China's top diplomat and State Councillor Yang Jiechi to finalise the arrangements for Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to India expected to take place next week.
Doval arrived in the Chinese capital on Monday as the Special Representative of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to make final preparations for Xi's visit.
The two officials met at the Diaoyutai Guest house to finalise the schedule and agenda for Xi's visit.
Welcoming Doval, Yang who is also China's Special Representative for Sino-India border talks, said he highly appreciates Doval's visit.
It speaks volumes about the importance the Indian side attaches to Xi's visit and bilateral relations , he said.
"We believe that with specific efforts from both sides President's visit will be a full success and bilateral relations will be taken to higher level," he said.
Expressing happiness over Doval taking over as NSA, Yang appreciated his contribution to the bilateral ties.
Appreciating the gesture to receive him at a short notice, Doval said he had brought a special message for Xi from the Prime Minister's side.
Doval is due to meet the Chinese President later in the day.
During his visit to India, Xi is expected to announce major Chinese investments as well as hold talks with Modi on border dispute as well as China's plans to revive a number of Silk Road Projects including the Maritime Silk Road.
Doval's visit is taking place in the immediate backdrop of the cancellation of Xi's visit to Islamabad planned as part of his first visit to Pakistan, Sri Lanka and India.
Dates for the visit of Xi, also the General Secretary of the ruling Communist Party of China, have not yet been officially announced by both sides.
Initially, Xi was to pay a three-day visit to the national capital from September 17.
Speculation is rife that in view of the cancellation of the visit to Pakistan, Xi may arrive in India earlier and may visit Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's home state Gujarat before he lands in New Delhi.
Minister of State for Commerce and Industry Nirmala Sitharaman, who visited Beijing twice including early this month, has laid ground for Xi's visit by holding extensive talks with Chinese officials on the package of investments as well as measures to address India's concerns of trade deficit.
China-India are in discussions to modernise Indian railways.
China plans to invest in industrial parks, locations of which are expected to be announced by Xi.
Besides finalising the schedule, Doval's visit is expected to focus on the political aspects of Xi's tour, including issues related to the boundary dispute and new routes for Kailash and Manasarovar Yatra.
Yang is China's Special Representative for boundary negotiations held two rounds of talks with Doval's predecessor, Shivshankar Menon.
The two sides held 17 rounds of talks and reached a stage to focus on the framework to resolve the dispute.
The next stage was stated to be exchange of maps about the mutual perception of the Line of Actual Control (LAC).
Both the countries have signed Border Defence Cooperation Agreement (BDCA) last year to ensure peace and tranquillity at the LAC pending the settlement of the border dispute.

Govt changes biz models to attract private investments in infraHi Guest
Govt changes biz models to attract private investments in infra
To speed awarding of projects in the infrastructure sector and to get in private investment at a faster pace, the government has doubled the threshold limit for highway projects to be put up for approval of the Public-Private Partnership Appraisal Committee (PPPAC).   Only those projects involving costs of Rs 1,000 crore (Rs 10 billion) and above would be referred to the PPPAC, which is headed by the secretary in the economic affairs department.   Officials said a similar ...

Nifty below 8 150; DLF  Sesa Sterlite top losersNifty below 8,150; DLF, Sesa Sterlite top losers
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 09, 2014 10:23 AM IST
Benchmark indices have extended losses weighed down by selling pressure in metal, IT and oil shares.
Market players have turned cautious ahead of the Supreme Court's decision on coal blocks allocations later today.
By 10:20, the Sensex was lower by 65 points at 27,255 mark and the Nifty dipped by 27 points at 8,148 levels.
Among broader markets, BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices have slipped by over 0.2%. The market breadth in BSE remains turns absolutely neutral.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 1,162.98 crore on Monday, as per provisional data from the stock exchanges.
The rupee is weaker at 60.44/45 versus its Monday's close of 60.29/30. Dollar trades at 14-month highs against a basket of major currencies early on Tuesday.
GLOBAL MARKETS
The U.S. dollar was holding broad-based gains in Asia on Tuesday in a boon for shares of Japanese exporters but a burden for oil, gold and stocks in the energy majors.
As the dollar finally broke to a six-year peak on the yen and a one-year top on the euro, Brent oil sank to 16-month lows while gold carved out a three-month trough.
A falling yen tends to be viewed as positive for Japanese exporters and corporate profits, and helped lift the Topix 0.2 percent to 1,301. That was within a whisker of this year's peak at 1,308.08 and a break there would put it on ground last trod in July 2008.
SECTORS & STOCKS
BSE Realty index has slumped by over 1% followed by counters like Capital Goods, IT, Metal and Oil & Gas, all falling down by nearly 1% each.  Apart from Auto and FMCG, all the major BSE sectoral indices are trading in negative zone.
The main losers on the Sensex are Sesa Sterlite, Infosys, Hindalco, L&T, ONGC, ICICI Bank, Tata Steel and BHEL.
Metal stocks such as Hindalco and Jindal Steel & Power are down 1-2% ahead of the Supreme Court's decision on coal block allocations later today.
Earlier on September 1, the Centre had requested the Supreme Court not to cancel the permits for 46 coal blocks that were functioning or were about to start production.
In the metal pack, Hindalco is down 1%, Jindal Steel & Power has slipped 2%, Sesa Sterlite has dipped 1.6% and Tata Steel was down 0.8%. In the power segment, Adani Power is down 1.6%, Reliance Power has lost 0.5%, NTPC is down 0.1% while Tata Power is up 0.4%.
On the gaining side, Drug maker Cipla has gained nearly 1% on the BSE after the company on Monday announced commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Other notable gainers are Bharti Airtel, Tata Motors, Coal India, HUL, ITC and Tata Power.
Among other shares, Thomas Cook climbs over 2% to Rs 148 on the BSE after Sterling Holiday Resorts India Ltd became a subsidiary of Thomas Cook India Group in the back of the former's equity shares being bought in an off-market transaction by Thomas Cook Insurance Services (TCISIL).
Shares of Apollo Tyres were up over 3% at Rs 217 on reports that Hungary has secured approval of the European Union to award grant for building a plant there.
Punj Lloyd has gained another 8.6% to Rs 44 levels on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) in trade on Tuesday after rallying nearly 10% a day earlier after securing an order worth Rs 3,515 crore from PRPC Refinery and Cracker, a subsidiary under the Petroleum National Berhad (PETRONAS) group, Malaysia’s national emergency group.

Diesel price may come down for first time in 7 yrs; petrol price cut on cardsDiesel price may come down for first time in 7 years; petrol price cut on cards
Rajeev Jayaswal, ET Bureau Sep 9, 2014, 09.52AM IST
Tags:
Brent crude
(India is considering a cut…)
NEW DELHI: India is considering a cut in diesel prices for the first time in seven years amid global crude price dropping below $100 a barrel for the first time in more than a year, a move that could take some of the sting out of inflation as a patchy monsoon threatens a rise in food prices.
That in turn could allow the central bank to ease up on its interest-rate stance at the next monetary policy announcement, boosting revival prospects. This comes as the government has been considering freeing up diesel prices, since subsidy has been narrowed by incremental, monthly price increases.
"If this downward trend in international oil prices continues and the rupee appreciates even marginally, there will be over-recovery from this month," said a senior executive at an oil PSU who didn't want to be named.
"We intend to pass this to customers," said the executive. "A price review is expected on September 15. But the decision regarding diesel price cut will be taken by the government because it is a regulated fuel."
The government is still evaluating the political situation in pollbound states before deregulating the fuel, government and industry officials said. Benchmark Brent crude fell Monday to a 14-month low of $99.59 per barrel, dropping below $100 for the first time since June last year because of sluggish demand from major importers, particularly China.
Meanwhile, the rupee has appreciated marginally against the dollar, which has almost aligned pump prices of diesel with market rates. According to the oil retail industry, pump prices of diesel have not been cut in the last seven years except for a marginal reduction on July 25, 2012, because of changes in distribution costs. Oil companies review petrol and diesel prices every fortnight.
While petrol prices change on the 15th and 30th of every month, the government has been raising diesel prices by 50 paise every month since January last year. The previous UPA government had decided to raise diesel rates in small monthly doses until pump prices were aligned with market rates and it could be deregulated. According to oil companies, a petrol price cut is imminent for the fourth time in a row.
"No decision has been taken on diesel price deregulation. The oil ministry has not yet circulated the Cabinet note to this effect," a senior government official said on condition of anonymity. The oil ministry is keeping a close watch on fuel price movements and is ready to present a draft cabinet note at short notice, officials said.
The government is hesitant to free diesel prices just before assembly elections in four states - Jammu & Kashmir, Maharashtra, Bihar and Jharkhand. "International petrol and diesel rates are highly volatile. Political prospects of the ruling BJP will be hampered in case their rates jump during assembly elections," one official said.
According to officials, a final decision on deregulation will be taken after consulting the finance ministry. The diesel subsidy used to be a major drag on the exchequer, having accounted for about 45-50 per cent of total fuel subsidies until January last year.
The UPA government's move to make a monthly increase narrowed the diesel subsidy to an estimated.`19,584 crore in the current financial year from Rs 62,837 crore in 2013-14. The expected move to free diesel prices from government control will also boost private investment in the fuel retail sector that was opened up in 2002.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee declines on broad dollar rallyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Feel-good story: India s GDP set to swell | India top growth betgdp
(Some estimates suggest…)
NEW DELHI: India's economy is likely to swell in absolute terms as the government embarks on a long-overdue exercise to add parts of it that have been ignored when it comes to calculating gross domestic product. The first set of data based on the new series, for the quarter ending December, will be released on January 31 next year.
Some estimates suggest the current survey underestimates the size of the $1.87-trillion economy by 2-3 per cent while others suggest the gap could be even wider. The government is looking to broaden coverage of agriculture and corporate data in the national accounts, with the base year being revised from 2004-05 to a more recent 2011-12. All these efforts are aimed at helping the government get the numbers right first time around, rather than having to substantially revise them in subsequent iterations as more data comes in, making things easier for policy-makers.
"We are targeting January 2015 for the release of the new GDP base. A (massive) exercise is underway to estimate various sectors. The methodology will also undergo a change," said a government official.
The Central Statistics Office (CSO) will release new series data for 2011-12, 2012-13 and 2013-14 when it issues the revised estimates early next year, so that the numbers are comparable. The Indian economy has shown signs of reviving after two successive years of below-5 per cent growth when it hit decadal lows.
India's GDP expanded by a promising 5.8 per cent in the April-June quarter. The multi-pronged exercise will not just focus on revising the base but also increase data sources for all components besides tapping newer sources.
The facelift is based on the recommendations of the Advisory Council on National Accounts headed by professor K Sundaram and was prompted by the need to address inaccuracies in data, thereby making it more reliable for policy-making.
Economists say widening the national accounts coverage in different sectors will likely push up India's absolute GDP numbers sharply from the Rs 113 lakh crore registered in 2013-14. India is currently the 10th-largest economy in the world in nominal GDP terms. In purchasing power parity (PPP) terms, it is the third-largest economy, right behind the US and China.
"With the revision in place, the size of the economy will definitely look bigger, as today a large part of GDP data goes unreported, especially the rural and agri sector, which will get better representation now. This is apparent from the disconnect between GDP and inflation," said Soumya Kanti Ghosh, chief economic advisor, State Bank of India.
YES Bank Chief Economist Shubhada Rao said, "We have always maintained that India's GDP runs the risk of getting understated than overstated. A lot of activities do not come in the official purview of the data. The government's latest move is to plug the obvious gaps. There are many industries that have come on board but still do not get captured."
The CSO had formed five subcommittees to look into various aspects of GDP revision, of which the first submitted its report last week. The sub-committee on agriculture headed by Mahendra Dev suggested capturing state-wise production, price and input cost for 244 horticulture crops and mooted a nodal agency in the ministry of agriculture to consolidate data on production, area, yield rate and input costs at the state and national levels. The sub-committee has recommended coverage of all agricultural crops to estimate GDP as against 41 covered now.
  "Efforts should be taken to cover more items and make use of the analysed results for compilation and cross-validation," Dev told ET. Besides, the CSO is also looking to source corporate data directly from the ministry of corporate affairs' (MCA's) database of more than 3.5 lakh companies to estimate GDP. The CSO currently relies on financials of about 2,500 firms compiled by the Reserve Bank of India to get an estimate for the entire industry.
"Use of MCA database will considerably change the manner in which we estimate corporate sector data," said the government official cited above. It will also help improve accuracy, particularly for the services sector, which accounts for about 60 per cent of GDP.
The MCA data set has companies filing returns, balance sheets and profit & loss statements. It will also help capture public-private partnership projects, some of which CSO is unable to record under national accounts. The CSO is also working on changing the compilation of financial services not directly measured, such as advisory and through cheque books.
"Right now physical measures are used, which is not apt to accurately capture the indirect services. We now plan to do it in a more scientific manner," said the official. The CSO is also planning to refine the methodology to better capture the value added per worker in the unorganised sector by factoring in the contribution of people at different levels of industry.

Markets are making record highs every other day; how it s making gold a bad investmentYou are here: Home > Collections > Gold
Sensex equals gold @ 27,200; here's what makes a better bet
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 9, 2014, 03.00PM IST
Tags:
Gold
(Gold has plunged nearly…)
NEW DELHI: Gold might have delivered negative returns so far in the year 2014 as equity as an asset class gained momentum, but it has certainly not lost its sheen, say analysts.
Gold has plunged nearly 6 per cent compared to a nearly 29 per cent rally seen in the equity market (refer chart) and has outperformed the equity market 3 times in the last six years.
However, one interesting point is both Sensex and Gold are now trading around the same level in trade on Tuesday. The only difference is Sensex rallied nearly 29 per cent so far in the year, while Gold saw some bit of profit taking.
"Gold will never lose its sheen as an investment class. The right way to look at it is as part of scientific asset allocation. At any point, the investor should have exposure to gold. This has been true for millennia and is equally true today," said Jayant Manglik, President - Retail Distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
Investment decisions are moving more towards equities and debt due to gradual improvement in global conditions and changing outlook towards the Indian markets, say analysts.
"In the past couple of years, equities and debt have significantly outperformed against gold and now with the improving outlook, money is expected to move towards these asset classes rather than gold," said Tushar Pendharkar , Equity Strategist, Right Horizons Financial Services.
Every asset class has to go through money rotation as per the phase of the economy. Gold as an asset class will always see price appreciation and it attracts investors during the times of uncertainty, say analysts.
"If we see the phase of 2008, which encountered one of the biggest stock market crashes of the history, investors jumped on to gold as gold is considered as a safe haven and always outperforms other asset classes during a poor phase of the economy," said Vivek Gupta - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"If we notice the rise of gold from the levels of 2007, gold has risen from the lows of 8540 to the highs of 35074. So, gold has already risen 4.1 times from 2007 up to now," he added.
If we see the phase of 2008 to 2014, although the economy has recovered, gold was in the phase of an extended bull market, explains Gupta.
Should investors cut down their holding in Gold?
Looking at the current situation, equity markets are still in the early phase of a bull market and during the coming year it should continue the up rise. So, this is time where investors should shift their investments from gold to equity. Gold in the coming year would either trade in a sideways range or should correct.
So, considering the fact that preference towards gold would be lesser in the long run, should investors reduce their exposure in gold?
Even though gold might be underperforming, but portfolio managers do not recommend investors to reduce exposure in gold.
Gold's weight in the ordinary Indian's investment basket tends to be in the range of 15-20 per cent of the total portfolio and this has contributed immensely at the time of volatility in safeguarding returns.
"Data over the last several years shows that gold investment reduces overall risk and volatility of the portfolio while enhancing returns," said Manglik.
"The returns angle is especially true in India because the depreciation of the rupee against the US dollar has led to gold prices giving positive returns in almost any five-year block for the last about thirty years," he added.
Investors should not make exit from its investment just because the prices have corrected in the past few months. However, they should avoid further allocation.
"I would suggest no fresh investment in gold at this juncture considering better opportunities in the fixed income space than fund idling into this asset class," says Pendharkar.
"Additionally, higher investments in equities and debt would automatically dilute holdings of gold in overall portfolio, which could be an appropriate way to reduce exposure," he added.
Gupta is also of the view that investors, who are invested in gold from lower levels, should book profits in or at least they should not add any further investments as of now.
It is always better to sail with the wind and right now the wind is blowing in the direction of equity, he added.
Outlook for the next 1 year:
Gold prices show a strong support at about Rs 25,000 per ten gram on the technical charts.
"So any dip in prices should be seen as an opportunity to accumulate gold and then aim for a Rs 31,800 target within a year," said Manglik.
"However, this does not take into account newer developments in the global financial and geopolitical space and prices will react significantly to these changes," he added.
S M Sakthi Prakaash, Lead Research Analyst of WealthRays Securities, is of the view that fundamentals are looking very weak for gold and its value is expected to fall in the coming year.
However, retail buying could provide support for gold prices at lower level and could prevent a steep fall in gold prices. Gold futures may be expected to trade in the range of Rs 25000-25500 in the next 6 months to 1 year, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brent Slips But Holds Above $100 on OPEC Output Cut HopesYou are here: Home Commodities
Brent Slips But Holds Above $100 on OPEC Output Cut Hopes
Reuters | Updated On: September 09, 2014 12:37 (IST)
Gold Falls From Near 3-Week High on Stronger Dollar
Singapore:
Brent crude eased for a fourth straight session on Tuesday but held above $100 a barrel after dropping below that level on the previous day for the first time in nearly 15 months, with prices supported by hopes of production cuts by OPEC.
Continued output from strife-torn countries such as Iraq and Libya and the shale oil boom in the United States have lessened supply side risks, while slowing growth in western economies and China have raised demand concerns, said Tetsu Emori, a commodity fund manager at Japan's Astmax Co Ltd.
"Oil at below a $100 a barrel is a little bit risky in the current market - $100 per barrel is really a central point for oil countries," Emori said.
Brent was trading 14 cents lower at $100.06 as of 0330 GMT after ending the previous session 62 cents down. It had earlier on Monday slumped to $99.36, the lowest since May 1, 2013, before rebounding into three-digit territory.
US crude was 28 cents higher at $92.94 after falling 63 cents on Monday when it dropped for the third straight session.
But there was potential for Brent to trade at around $120 per barrel by the end of this year, while US crude could hover around $110-$115 per barrel, on the back of rising winter demand and possible geopolitical concerns, Emori said.
Expectations of production cuts by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries come as Gulf Arab oil ministers gather on Thursday in Kuwait for an annual meeting which could include discussion about price levels.
Top OPEC exporter Saudi Arabia and other OPEC countries favour oil at $100 per barrel and prices are under pressure due ample supply even as some OPEC delegates saw the lower prices as short-lived.
US oil prices were also supported by a forecast decline in US commercial crude oil and gasoline inventories last week, which raised hopes of improving seasonal demand.
Crude oil stocks fell by 1.5 million barrels in the week to September 5, according to a preliminary Reuters analysts' survey on Monday.
The poll was released ahead of weekly inventory reports from industry group the American Petroleum Institute (API) on Tuesday and from the U.S. Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration (EIA) on Wednesday.
Investors were also eyeing developments in the Middle East.
Iraq's parliament approved a new government headed by Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi on Monday in a move to save Iraq from collapse and in what US Secretary of State John Kerry said was a "major milestone".
Libya's oil output has risen to 740,000 barrels per day, the National Oil Corp said on Monday, an increase from 725,000 bpd that has been fuelled by the reopening of several oil export ports.
Elsewhere, the European Union adopted new sanctions on Monday against Russia over the Ukraine crisis, but enforcement will be delayed while an assessment is being done on whether a ceasefire in Ukraine is holding. The measures will target the ability of Russia's top oil producers to raise capital in Europe.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Prestige Estates up 3%  BoAML expects EPS to double by FY17Sep 09, 2014, 10.58 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Prestige Estates up 3%, BoAML expects EPS to double by FY17
It is one of the top picks, says BoAML, which expects earnings per share of the company to nearly double from Rs 9 in FY14 to Rs 17 in FY17E. According to the report, the company will beat its FY15 pre-sales target of Rs 5,000 crore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Prestige Estates up 3%, BoAML expects EPS to double by FY17
It is one of the top picks, says BoAML, which expects earnings per share of the company to nearly double from Rs 9 in FY14 to Rs 17 in FY17E. According to the report, the company will beat its FY15 pre-sales target of Rs 5,000 crore.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Prestige Estates Projects gained more than 3 percent intraday Tuesday on hopes of strong earnings per share growth going ahead. Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BoAML) sees room for upside in the stock triggered by further launches/pre-sales, execution/EPS growth, pick-up in commercial leasing and improvement in macro.
The brokerage feels it is a good time to buy the stock, which is currently trading at its average P/ NAV of 0.7 compared to its recent high of 0.9 P/NAV.
BoAML expects earnings per share of the company to nearly double from Rs 9 in FY14 to Rs 17 in FY17E. According to the report, the company will beat its FY15 pre-sales target of Rs 5,000 crore.
Prestige's pre-sales in April-June quarter of current financial year 2014-15 stood at Rs 1,410 crore. Other two reasons that convinced BoAML to say buy the stock are unabated execution providing comfort towards collections (cash flows) and revenues (P&L) and annuity income of Rs 4,200 crore in FY16 provides NAV stability.
The brokerage expects P&L topline to double from Rs 5,600 crore in period FY12-14 to Rs 12,000 crore in period FY15E-17E.
It believes the market is not pricing in future development potential of Prestige despite its track-record over last two years in terms of phenomenal launches and pre-sales growth, growth in annuity income, ramp-up in execution, land tie-ups through JDAs.
It also believes market is not valuing potential positive impact on Prestige’s cash collections from its upcoming launches in Hyderabad (Ivy League and High Fields) and Bangalore (Lake-side Habitat ph 3) over next 2-3 quarters.
At 10:21 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 240.85, up Rs 5.40, or 2.29 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

How WeChat is helping Apple drive up revenue in ChinaSep 09, 2014 at 10:32am IST
How WeChat is helping Apple drive up revenue in China
0
Beijing: Apple has a lot for which to thank people like Deng.
A Beijing-based quality analyst, she gave only her surname as she's embarrassed by how much money she spends playing mobile games on WeChat, a hugely popular messaging app developed by Chinese internet giant Tencent Holdings.
"The most expensive time was when I spent 68 yuan ($11.08) on a leopard on Tiantiankupao," said Deng, an avid iPhone user, referring to Tencent's hit game - called Timi Run Everyday in English - where characters run through obstacle courses. Having a leopard as a pet gives the characters extra power, helping players beat their friends.
Apple's Greater China revenues, which include Hong Kong and Taiwan, soared 28 per cent in April-June from a year earlier to $5.9 billion.
#apple #wechat #apps #apple app store
Deng and tens of millions like her have made China Apple's third-largest market for software sales, and a huge chunk of that comes through WeChat. Known locally as Weixin, WeChat had 438 million monthly active users globally, mostly in China, at the end of June, and has rapidly evolved from a messaging tool into a digital Swiss Army knife, allowing users to send messages, play games, book taxis and shop online.
The app has proved a winning formula in getting people in China, a market notorious for not paying for software, to connect their bank accounts with their phones and pay for virtual goods like extra lives and power-ups in mobile games.
Apple takes a 30 per cent cut on all sales.
"We're seeing some substantial strength there," Apple CEO Tim Cook said of China in a July earnings call. "The thing that's actually growing the most is the iTunes, Software and Services category, which has the App Store in it. That area is almost doubling year over year."
Apple's Greater China revenues, which include Hong Kong and Taiwan, soared 28 per cent in April-June from a year earlier to $5.9 billion, and globally, iTunes, Software and Services sales were the company's second-fastest growing product category, up 12 per cent year-on-year to $4.5 billion.
Tencent was the top game publisher for Apple's iOS operating system in China by revenue for both June and July, according to App Annie, a company that measures app usage. Apple is this week expected to launch its new iPhone - with a gamer-friendly larger screen.
"A very virtuous cycle"
Apple makes all software sales on the iPhone go through its App Store. Typically, the Cupertino, California-based company will take its 30 per cent of the sales, while the rest goes to an app's developer or publisher.
WeChat, which itself hosts apps and games made by other developers, is no different. The cash from any products sold on the app are split between Apple, Tencent and the developer.
"By far the biggest factor driving App Store revenue in China is WeChat," said Ben Thompson, who writes about technology at stratechery.com. "WeChat has driven app download and usage, which drives people to want to buy stuff, which drives them to connect their payment information. It's been a very virtuous cycle."
Growth has also been helped by increased smartphone sales since China Mobile, the country's largest carrier, began offering the iPhone in January.
A big part of WeChat's success has been with casual games - highly addictive hits like Candy Crush Saga and Temple Run that are often free to download but let users pay for in-game upgrades. WeChat has its own stable of games, and also publishes Candy Crush in China.
Games integrated with WeChat and Tencent's other mobile social network, Mobile QQ, generated revenues of 3 billion yuan ($489 million) for Tencent in April-June, up from around 1.8 billion yuan in January-March.
"If you look at who's playing Temple Run and Candy Crush, a lot of these were non-gamers five years ago," said Junde Yu, App Annie's vice president of Asia Pacific. "With the advent of smartphones, the ease of use, they started to download apps, and because they're very casual and fun they start playing games. It hooks them and encourages them to start making payments."
Repeat purchases
China is unique in another way that helps push up spending on smartphones.
Both Apple and Tencent have tried to drive the adoption of mobile payments on their platforms, but China's banking payment system is complex at best, and makes it difficult to carry out any kind of online payment with ease.
Apple uses a top-up system for its App Store in China, with a 50 yuan ($8.15) minimum value, said Yu - for those using China's national bank card payment network rather than international credit cards. "This leads to a lot of repeat purchases as people aren't likely to spend 50 yuan on one purchase," Yu said. "After the first time, they won't stop but will keep purchasing and playing games."
iPhone users themselves are a big draw for app developers, and some value them more highly than people using smartphones operating on Google's Android system.
"I'd pay six times the price for an iOS user compared to Android," said Peng Tao, chief executive of breadtrip, a Beijing-based travel app. Part of the reason, in China at least, is that Android's Google Play app store isn't accessible, so dozens of smaller, less curated app stores have sprung up.
"On the iOS App Store front page apps are chosen by merit, whereas in China for Android they're chosen by who pays," said Peng. "Android users just like to download things, no matter the need. They see it's free and download it, so they shift apps quickly - download and delete, download and delete."
Uneasy allies?
For Apple, though, WeChat may turn out to be a Trojan horse.
While the US company is earning good money through WeChat's success, there is some concern that Tencent may want Apple to see less of that.
"WeChat made the market, Apple didn't, and it's becoming so powerful on mobile in China that, broadly speaking, it's a threat to Apple," said stratechery.com's Thompson. "If Tencent want to flex their muscles and keep more of that revenue, I could certainly see them leaning on the government to help them and keep a bigger percentage of the sales they're driving."
China's ruling Communist Party is no stranger to heavy-handed regulation. Last week, a US business lobby said foreign companies are increasingly concerned they are being targeted by Chinese regulators, charges the regulators deny.
Apple itself has repeatedly come under fire from Chinese state media - more frequently since former US National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden's revelations about US government cyber-espionage conducted through private companies including Apple, Google and Microsoft.
In July, China's state broadcaster branded the iPhone a national security threat because of its ability to track and time-stamp user locations, and government mouthpieces have called for 'severe punishment', accusing Apple of providing user data to US intelligence agencies.
Some of WeChat's rivals in messaging apps have also fallen by the wayside in China because of the government.
Chinese authorities said in August they blocked South Korean firm Kakao Corp's KakaoTalk and Naver Corp's Line as part of efforts to fight terrorism, according to the Korean government, explaining service disruptions in China that had begun a month earlier.
"The biggest danger for Apple in China is always the uncertain regulatory environment," said stratechery.com's Thompson. "It's very plausible to see the government moving against Apple's App Store policy."
2

Cardinals Rally in Fourth Quarter to Beat Chargers
Crisis in Pak may impact its ties with India...Foreign policy
(Even though the protest…)
WASHINGTON: The current political unrest in Pakistan could impact its relations with India as the Pakistan army is having more control over the country's foreign policy than ever, a latest US Congressional report has said.
"The Pakistan Army's more openly direct control of the country's foreign and security policies may, over time, shift Pakistan's approach toward Afghanistan further into a policy framework that seeks to counter Indian influence there," the independent Congressional Research Service (CRS) said in its latest report 'Pakistan Political Unrest' this month.
"It could also present new challenges to the goal of improving India-Pakistan relations, and put a damper on hopes for effective regional cooperation and commerce in South Asia," said the Congressional report authored by Alan Kronstadt, CRS Specialist in South Asian Affairs.
Even though the protest led by cricketer-turned- politician Imran Khan has subsided this would definitely have an adverse impact on India-Pakistan relationship, with the Pakistan Army having more control over it than ever, it said.
The current political unrest has weakened Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and any overt military ouster of the democratically-elected government could trigger sanctions on Pakistan.
"Whether Prime Minister Sharif sought out or merely acceded to the Army's late August intervention as a facilitator between the government and the protesters, most analysts contend that, because he has not demonstrated civilian control over domestic security, he will be left in a weakened state," the report said.
"This could have negative implications for US efforts to strengthen Pakistan's democratic governance institutions. Any overt military ouster of Sharif could trigger another round of democracy-related US sanctions on foreign assistance to Pakistan, potentially putting an indefinite halt to what has been one of the highest-priority American aid programs since 9/11," it said.
"While few assess that Sharif's government now faces an imminent threat of ouster from office, many observers see the current unrest weakening Sharif and representing a setback to democratisation in a country that has suffered three outright military coups in its 67 years of independence," the report said.
"To many analysts, it appears unlikely that Pakistan in the near future will alter any of its foreign or security policies of interest to the United States. However, the US government has sought to help in fostering Pakistan's democratic system, and that effort has been disrupted by the current unrest," the CRS said.
According to the report, circumstantial evidence suggests some links between Khan, fiery cleric Tahirul Qadri, Pakistan's military establishment, and numerous analysts identify a more-or-less coordinated effort between the military and the unfolding of the latest crisis.
"Observers doubt, however, that the army would seek to take direct control of the government, not least as it is embroiled in offensive operations against Islamist militants in western tribal areas," it said.
  Yet some pundits contend that the army might welcome a "soft coup" in which popular support for the civilian government is reduced such that the army can take full control of foreign and security policies, it added.
The CRS said the downturn in Pakistan-India relations is viewed by some as being orchestrated by a Pakistani military intent on taking full control of Pakistan's India policy, but numerous other factors, some domestic to India, are at play.
An even more empowered Pakistani military is likely to further slow, if not altogether halt, the modest movement toward increased trade and economic relations with India that was initiated by Prime Minister Sharif, the report said.
"Although Islamabad struck a Transit Trade Agreement with Afghanistan in 2010, Pakistan continues to block most Indian access to that country, and thus to all of Central Asia via land. Any further stiffening of official Pakistani perspective on greater trade access for India could be harmful to an Obama Administration policy that seeks to better link India with Central Asia via a New Silk Road," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Devastated  Jammu and Kashmir might get a flood forecast stationComments
The headline-grabbing event of the last couple of days — the mammoth floods in Jammu and Kashmir (J-K) — confirms once again that disaster preparedness is just not there in our DNA. It was only a year ago that the Himalayan state of Uttarakhand was ravaged by rains and floods that killed more than 5,000 people and destroyed property worth crores.
  
Play Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Many hoped that the tragedy would be a valuable lesson to the states and government-funded institutions that tackle such disasters. But regrettably, as we see in J-K, no lessons were learnt.
As I watched on TV the swirling river water ransack everything that came in its way, I remembered a quote I read somewhere: “Disasters happen. We still have no way to eliminate earthquakes, wildfires, hurricanes, floods or droughts. We cope as best we can by fortifying ourselves against danger with building codes and levees, and by setting aside money to clean up afterwards”.
But here in India, the thought process in the government circles is somewhat like this: let’s cross the bridge when we come to it, and if the situation becomes too difficult, then there are always the dependable Indian armed forces to rescue us.
Video: Nation stands by Jammu and Kashmir flood victims: Modi
Take for example, the issue of flood alerts: The India Meteorology Department’s season rainfall map as on September 6, 2014, shows that J-K received 558 mm rainfall till that date, progressing to excess rainfall category from deficit season rainfall of 308 mm as on September 3, in just three days.
Despite this warning, the Central Water Commission (CWC), which is responsible for flood forecasting and providing advisory to the states for tackling floods, had no flood forecasts for the state.
“The CWC’s flood forecast list on September 6, 2014, has 18 level forecasts and eight inflow forecasts, but NONE from J-K,” Himanshu Thakkar of the South Asia Network on Dams, Rivers & People told HT. “The CWC’s flood forecast site has another option that provides hydrographs for various rivers and location. Again for J-K it provides no hydrographs. The options on CWC’s Flood Forecast site for list-based selection and map-based selection again has no information about Jammu and Kashmir.”
When Down to Earth’s (DTE) correspondent confronted VD Roy, director of flood forecasting, CWC, about the floods, he said that state has a hydrological observatory which shares data with the state government but it does not have a flood forecasting network, adding that to date “CWC has established 175 stations for flood forecasting, but none of them is in J-K.
We plan to extend the centres and soon J-K will have additional flood forecast station.” When DTE asked why the state did not have a single station till date, Roy said, in a typical babu style, there are some pre-requisite requirements and since J-K could not provide that, stations could not be established! So now, after the floods have ripped open the state, J-K will probably get a flood forecast station. A sure shot case of shutting the stable door after the horse has bolted.
If the central departments were caught napping, the state government was in a Rip Van Winkle mode: it approved a Disaster Management Policy in 2012 for proper mechanism for rescue, relief and rehabilitation of disaster victims.
But it is yet to create a separate department to deal with disasters.
Such lackadaisical attitude is unacceptable since the state is vulnerable to disaster risks due to floods, landslides, earthquakes and Glacial Lake Outburst Flood. Such risks will only increase in the coming years due to climate change not only in J-K but across India.
While it is not possible to avoid disasters, governments could minimise the effects by taking into account the interventions we do in nature and also know the full risks of what we do. We need to assess the disaster potential of the area and understand how the interventions are going to change it.
Moreover, the level of disaster preparedness at the central level and in the states is uneven and requires considerable strengthening.
Last but not the least, India needs much better rainfall prediction, flood forecasting, disaster preparedness and disaster management plans and accountable mechanisms to ensure that all these are functional.

Let-up in rains in Kashmir  army airlifts engineers to set up wireless unitsmore photos »
Water levels started receding in Srinagar and some other parts of the state Wednesday morning, but tens of thousands are still stranded on rooftops without food or clean water .
In Srinagar town there is a decrease in water level by 3 to 4 feet since the beginning of the floods, where as there is a rise of 6 inches in Wuller Lake.  Manasbal Lake saw a reduction by 3 inches bringing the water level to 18.3 feet, which is still 4.3 feet above danger mark.Areas downstream of Jhelum River are experiencing increase in water levels. 
The army has airlifted more 31000 people from the flood affected places of the Kashmir valley including 5,000 from the Srinagar city. Foreign tourists were among those rescued. An army spokesperson said additional columns and helicopters have been pressed into use and people were being moved relief camps established by the army as well as civil administration.
Read: Vacancies cripple NDMA, revamp on cards
The water level is receding, however,  Srinagar town remains the most critical part of flood hit areas. Army spokesperson said efforts are being made to resuce people in Rajbag, Jawahar Nagar, Gogji Bag and Shivpora where most of the people are stranded.
The stranded people are guiding rescue teams to the worst-affected areas. The army has airlifted some tourists including foreign tourists.
Read: Aircel offers free calls in J-K, BSNL to restore services soon
The army in coordination with the  Air Force handed over 10 tons of supplies to the civil administration for distribution.  15 tons of pre-cooked food and 15000 litres of water were also distributed among the affected people, an army spokes person said. 

CII to open office in Bahrain to boost investmentsCII to open office in Bahrain to boost investments
PTI
Tweet
Dubai, Sept 9:  
The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) will open its first West Asian office in Bahrain to boost trade and investments in the region.
The move represents a further strengthening of relationship with India as there are over 3,50,000 Indian residents in the country and the total trade between the two countries in 2011 exceeded $1.7 billion, the Economic Development Board (EDB) of Bahrain has said.
The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) is one of India’s most important trade and investment partners and the CII’s Bahrain office will aim to build on this relationship by encouraging Indian investments in the region, it added.
CII, founded in 1895, is India’s leading business organisation. It has more than 7,200 members and an indirect membership of over 100,000 enterprises from around 242 national and regional sectoral industry bodies.
The Indian Ministry of Trade and Industry revealed that the trade value between India and GCC states increased from $147.5 million in 2012 to $160 million in 2013, a statement released here said.
The EDB also announced that it has signed an agreement with the Overseas Indian Facilitation Centre (OIFC) to work together in promoting cooperation between Bahrain and India in a variety of key areas, including financial services and research.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Akshay Kumar feels proud of thepolicemenPrint
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:08 pm
Actor Akshay Kumar, whose film “Holiday: A Soldier Is Never Off Duty” had a successful run at the box office, felt proud upon seeing a group of policemen training at a beach in Mumbai.
“Caught a fleeting sight of an army of cops on Juhu Beach. Truly felt proud and grateful to see them there gearing up for our safety while we sit in the comforts of our home enjoying the day off. Hats off to them for truly never being off duty,” Akshay posted on his Twitter page.
In “Holiday…”, the actor portrayed the role of an army officer, who sets out on a mission against terrorism and sleeper cells.
His new film “Baby”, which he recently started shooting under Neeraj Pandey’s direction, also deals with corruption.
At a recent event in the capital for his new reality TV show “Dare 2 Dance”, Akshay was asked if he’d like to do a social issue-based show on the small screen a la Aamir Khan’s “Satyamev Jayate”.
To that, he said he’s doing his bit via his films.

Centre may scrap MNREGS in 13 UPdistrictsPrint
Written by Mohd Faisal Fareed | Lucknow | Posted: September 9, 2014 11:50 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 12:11 pm
The central government is likely to discontinue Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) scheme in 13 districts of Uttar Pradesh, including Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s parliamentary constituency Varanasi, as they figure high on backwardness index.
MGNREGA, launched in 2005, covers all 75 districts in the state.
An official in UP Rural Development Department claimed that 62 districts of the state have been asked to initiate an extensive exercise for implementation of MGNREGA schemes while there is no such instruction for the remaining 13 districts. These districts are Varanasi, Kanpur, Mathura, Lucknow, Agra, Meerut, Bhadohi, Ghaziabad, Gautam Budh Nagar, Bulandshahr, Saharanpur, Bijnor and Mau.
According to the latest circular issued by Rural Development Commissioner Prabhat Mittal, the central government will now focus on only 403 blocks of 62 districts.
“The focus is on 403 selected blocks of 62 districts. These have been identified by the backwardness index prepared by the Planning Commission of India.
“The 13 districts (that are omitted) did not show much interest in the scheme and failed to spend their allotted funds. The scheme may continue in normal format in these districts but no special emphasis will be given to them,” said Mittal.
“We will conduct a door-to-door survey in the 62 districts. Those interested will be provided a job card and the type of work that interest them would also be noted. The budgetary allocation will depend on this survey,” Mittal said.
No such exercise will be commissioned in 13 omitted districts, he added.
Only nine UP districts are in top 100 backward districts with Shrawasti on 24th position followed by Bahraich at 37, Badaun 41, Balrampur 59, Kaushambi 77, Chitrakoot 86, Lalitpur 88, Sidharth Nagar 91 and Kanshiram Nagar 97.

SC slaps another notice on Ranjit Sinha  seeks explanation onlogbookPrint
The SC sought Ranjit Sinha's explanation over the controversial visitors' logbook at his Delhi residence.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 11:49 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 11:54 am
A day after Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) director Ranjit Sinha was asked by it to respond to the “very serious” allegations against him, the Supreme Court issued another notice to him, seeking his explanation over the controversial visitors’ logbook at his Delhi residence.
A bench led by Chief Justice R M Lodha issued a notice to Sinha on a plea seeking his removal from the probe into the coal block allocation cases. The plea by NGO Common Cause, a petitioner in the Coal scam cases, has also asked for a special investigation team to probe.
Another bench led by Justice H L Dattu had on Monday sought his response on disassociating him from 2G cases.
Sinha is in a midst of controversy over the visitors’ logbook, which showed frequent visits by some of the accused in the 2G and coal block cases among others.
Stating that it may scrap decisions taken by Sinha “at a later date,” the Supreme Court had on Monday asked the agency chief to reply to the “very serious” averments against him.

A sugar rush may be coming  traders saySep 09, 2014, 12.09 PM IST  | Source: CNBC
A sugar rush may be coming, traders say
Brazilian producers, who accounted for over 40 percent of sugar exports last season according to the US State Department of Agriculture, are closing mills and reducing sugarcane investments following four straight seasons of excess production, sparking bullish calls on the sweetener.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
A sugar rush may be coming, traders say
Brazilian producers, who accounted for over 40 percent of sugar exports last season according to the US State Department of Agriculture, are closing mills and reducing sugarcane investments following four straight seasons of excess production, sparking bullish calls on the sweetener.
Post your opinion here
 
Cutbacks in the world`s largest sugar producer could end a multi-year supply glut, sending prices higher next year, according to traders.
Brazilian producers, who accounted for over 40 percent of sugar exports last season according to the US State Department of Agriculture, are closing mills and reducing sugarcane investments following four straight seasons of excess production, sparking bullish calls on the sweetener.
"We reiterate our view that production shortfalls could cause consumption to exceed production in the coming season, leading to a drawdown in inventories built up over the past four years," Abah Ofon, agricultural commodities research at Standard Chartered told CNBC on Monday.
To boot, sugarcane industry group Unica slashed its 2014-15 output forecast in the country`s Centre South region, which accounts for nearly 90 percent of domestic production, by 1.1 million tons as a result of a drought earlier this year.
Calls for a recovery in sugar prices come even as the overall market mood remains bearish. On Monday, prices fell to a fresh seven-month low of 14.93 cents, well below the 100 day moving average of 17.38. Over the past two weeks, sugar has fallen over 2 percent and is down nearly 9 percent year to date.
In August, the International Sugar Organization (ISO) forecast extended price weakness and a 1.3 million ton production surplus for the year starting in October.
"The ISO believes that, even with the small forecast surplus, global fundamentals are unlikely to support a rise in market values from current values," the organization said in a report, warning that consumption must outpace supply by at least 3 million tons in order for prices to recover.
Still, the organization noted Brazil`s worsening prospects, forecasting overall output to drop nearly 2 percent next season.
Standard Chartered says the trend in sugar futures justifies its bullish stance: "The futures curve is actually trading in contango, so the market is expecting prices to head higher as we move into next year," Ofon continued.
The bank is long on sugar`s March 2015 contract and forecasts prices to rise above 18 U.S. cents a pound by year-end.
Recent data support the optimistic mood. In the week to last Tuesday, speculators trimmed net short positions in white sugar options on NYSE Liffe by 117 lots, according to the exchange.
Will prices hit companies?
Higher sugar prices are unlikely to hit food producers, experts say.
"Even with higher prices, there will still be a lot of supply in the market. Of course, companies may hike their prices a little but it won`t be a situation where there`s an outright sugar deficit. The market will just change to a buyer`s market form seller`s market," said Avtar Sandhu, senior manager of commodities at Phillip Futures.
Phillips expects sugar to hit 19 cents on average in 2015, despite the threat of a stronger dollar amid speculation of higher US interest rates next year. Commodities that have bearish fundamentals will be hit by a strengthening greenback. If sugar`s fundamentals change, it won`t be impacted as much, Sandhu explained.
Copyright 2011 cnbc.com

Mumbai to contribute 30% to biz FY18 onwards: Kolte PatilMumbai foray is doing quite well. We have been in Mumbai since February 2013 and have already signed three redevelopment projects in the city
Varun Parwal
VP - Corporate Finance
Kolte Patil
Realty player  Kolte Patil Developers is betting big on Mumbai market. The VP – Corporate Finance Varun Parwal told CNBC-TV18 that Mumbai will contribute 30 percent to overall business FY18 onwards. Currently, more than 90 percent of company’s  revenues are generated from Pune.  
Kolte Patil has signed three redevelopment projects in Mumbai and is focusing on private society redevelopment in the first phase of the Mumbai foray. The company has bagged three projects in Andheri, Vile Parle and Khar.
"In first phase of our foray we are focusing only on the private society redevelopment and our estimate puts at about 16,000-17,000 societies that would come up for redevelopment over the next few years," Parwal added. 
The realty firm also obtained locational clearance for first phase of 475 acre Sanjivani Township in Talegaon, Pune and is planning to launch the first phase in Q4FY15, said Parwal on the sidelines of Anand Rathi Emerging India Conference. 
The company’s revenues and net profit were down for the quarter ended June but is confident of seeing improvement Q3, Q4 onwards. Kolte Patil also expects its realisations to improve to Rs 5,500-6,000 per square feet over the next three years.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Can you gives us a timeline for the launch of your Sanjivani Township in Pune?
A: The Sanjivani Township is a 600 acre parcel. We have received location clearance for the first phase which is about 250 acre and we are looking at launching it some time in Q4 or Q1 of next year.
Q: How is your Mumbai foray doing and over the next few years what kind of traction do you expect in Mumbai?
A: Mumbai foray is doing quite well. We have been in Mumbai since February 2013 and have already signed three redevelopment projects in the city. In Mumbai we continue to have a focus strategy focusing on the redevelopment sector and it should become a good contributor to the topline going forward.
Q: How much potential is there in redevelopment space because there are so many costs involved in terms of tenants than getting all the clearances? Is it still a viable option?
A: Yes. Firstly, the way we sign our projects we tend to link our cost outflows to the time when we get the approvals, so our inflows and outflows are matched and therefore, the projects end up being profitable for us.
Secondly, in terms of opportunity, if you take a drive on the western express highway or the eastern express highway, you are going to see lot of dilapidated building in and around the city especially moving around the city, there are a lot of tenanted buildings as well.
Therefore, in first phase of our foray we are focusing only on the private society redevelopment and our estimate puts at about 16,000-17,000 societies that would come up for redevelopment over the next few years. 
Q: Overall as a pie of your total revenue share, how much will Mumbai comprise of in the next two yeas if not in this fiscal?
A: We would not be seeing any revenues from Mumbai in this fiscal. By FY17 or FY18 we are looking at about 20-30 percent contribution from Mumbai coming in.
Q: Will the remaining be from the Pune market?
A: Yes. Pune right now is about 95 percent of our revenues with 5-10 percent coming from Bangalore. Over the next three years Pune would remain at about 65-70 percent with Mumbai and Bangalore contributing the remaining.
Q: In FY13 you had average realisation of Rs 4,735 per square feet which went up to Rs 5,400 in FY14. What is the outlook for FY15?
A: If the market remains good, we focus on volume and expect prices to go up a bit more. Over the next three years, across our market, we are looking at an average of about Rs 5,500-6,000 a square feet.
We anyway focus more on volumes than on sales price per se. In good markets the sales prices would be higher than our current estimation.
Q: You have also received location clearance for the Life Republic project. Can you take us through that?
A: Life Republic is a 400 acre township, its phase-I was launched in December 2011. We are right now handing over significant portion of phase-I which is about 3 million square feet. We got phase-II approval in this financial year and are looking at launching it in about Q4 of this year.
Q: When do you see recovery in your earnings or your revenue showing some amount of formidable growth for the company because as of Q1 FY15 that was your fourth quarter of weak earnings and in Q1 your revenue fell 27 percent?
A: Significant numbers of our revenue drivers are reaching maturity. You should start seeing a recover in quarterly volumes partly from Q2 but more likely from Q3 and Q4 onwards. As far as annual revenue and annual topline and bottomline are concerned, you should see a significant impact happening in FY16 and FY17.
Kolte-Patil stock price
On November 13, 2014, Kolte-Patil Developers closed at Rs 202.85, down Rs 1.4, or 0.69 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 220.95 and the 52-week low was Rs 70.90.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 5.18 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 39.16. The latest book value of the company is Rs 99.56 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.04.
RELATED NEWS

To fund JV ops via internal accruals  debt: Deepak FertWill invest around 30 million Australian dollar in JV over first 2 years
Carl-Anders Lindgren
President
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corp
Deepak Fertilisers  has formed a joint venture with Australian firm to provide mining services in Brisbane. The JV, to be called Platinum Blasting Services Pty Ltd, will invest around 30 million Australian dollar over the next two years, through a mix of debt and equity, Deepak Fertilisers said in a statement on Friday.
The JV is executed through Deepak Fertilisers’ arm Smartchem Technologies, which will hold 65 percent stake, while the Australian company will hold the remaining 35 percent.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Carl-Anders Lindgren, President of Deepak Fertilisers, said the company will export technical ammonium nitrate from Australia and will fund the JV ops via both internal accruals and debt.
He expects the JV firm to report a turnover of around 125 million Australian dollar in the next five years.
Below is the transcript of Carl-Anders Lindgren's interview with Anuj Singhal and Ekta Batra on CNBC-TV18.
Ekta: Can you give us more details with regards to this joint venture that you have set up with an Australian firm? I understand it is going to be used for mining services?
A: Yes, Deepak Fertilisers is starting and has started their first overseas joint venture and it will concentrate on the mining services for the mining industry in Australia.
Ekta: Can you give us a sense in terms of why have you forayed into this particular joint venture with this Australian firm and what would be the initial commitment in terms of funds from Deepak Fertilisers for this?
A: I think that the Australian market is one of the largest mining markets in the world. Therefore, as we are one of the leading manufacturers of technical ammonium nitrate which is used for explosive and in turn are used for the mining sector. It is a natural step to enter into this market because that will also forum as a platform for the consumption of the technical ammonium nitrate that we are producing here in India. So we are going to export technical ammonium nitrate from here.
Regarding the funds, it will be funds that are raised internally and debt with a 60:40 debt/equity ratio.
Anuj: In terms of monetary impact, what kind of revenue potential do you see over the next four-five years and if you could give us some numbers over there?
A: We have done a quite detailed study on the business plan. But I think it would be too premature to talk about the exact numbers today. We are investing in the range of 30 million Australian dollars with a good return over the years. We will see the first good revenues coming after this initial two years where we have to invest in equipment etc to enter into the market. Our projections are that we will have a good and healthy return. As you understand, with going in a forward integration, you step in and take the profit over the next line of business also.
Anuj: A newspaper report says, it could be about Australian dollar 125 million over next five years. Would that number be anywhere close to accurate?
A: Yes, I wouldn’t object to the number if I put it this way.
Ekta: Any more overseas ventures that you would be considering or which would be on the cards for Deepak Fertilisers?
A: I think that a growing business like ourselves, we are of course looking at opportunities overseas but it is too early to define where and when we are going for those ventures.
Ekta: There were some reports indicating that Deepak Fertilisers as a company might revise its open offer price higher for Mangalore Fertilisers and Chemicals. Would you care to comment on that?
A: As I am responsible for the technical ammonium nitrate sector, I am sorry to say that I have no detailed information regarding this.
Deepak Fert stock price
On November 13, 2014, Deepak Fertilizers and Petrochemicals Coprn closed at Rs 141.30, down Rs 1.85, or 1.29 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 185.05 and the 52-week low was Rs 99.80.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 23.31 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 6.06. The latest book value of the company is Rs 169.05 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.84.
RELATED NEWS

Aditya Birla Chemical at new high  buys Jayshree Chem s CADSep 09, 2014, 11.32 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Aditya Birla Chemical at new high, buys Jayshree Chem's CAD
"The board of directors of ABCIL on Monday approved the acquisition of the CAD division of Jayshree Chemicals for a cash consideration of Rs 212 crore. This transaction takes ABCIL to a higher growth trajectory," said the company in its filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Aditya Birla Chemical at new high, buys Jayshree Chem's CAD
"The board of directors of ABCIL on Monday approved the acquisition of the CAD division of Jayshree Chemicals for a cash consideration of Rs 212 crore. This transaction takes ABCIL to a higher growth trajectory," said the company in its filing.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors lapped up shares of  Aditya Birla Chemicals India (ABCIL) on Tuesday after the company decided to buy chlor-alkali division (CAD) of Jayshree Chemicals. The stock gained as much as 7.5 percent intraday to touch a record high of Rs 313 on the Bombay Stock Exchange while  Jayshree Chemicals is locked at 5 percent upper circuit at Rs 15.30.
"The board of directors of ABCIL on Monday approved the acquisition of the CAD division of Jayshree Chemicals for a cash consideration of Rs 212 crore . This transaction takes ABCIL to a higher growth trajectory," said the company in its filing.
With this acquisition, the total caustic soda capacity of ABCIL will increase to about 3,55,000 tons per annum. Caustic soda is one of the essential inputs for the manufacture of alumina.
CAD’s manufacturing facility is strategically situated in the state of Odisha and is in proximity to various aluminium manufacturing facilities, which provides significant growth opportunities. The facility also has about 1600 acres of salt works in Andhra Pradesh. The current capacity of the facility is about 57,000 tons per annum.
"We expect significant operational synergies on account of cost savings. The acquisition cost and proposed capital expenditure will be funded through a mix of internal accruals and debt," said Lalit Naik, sector head for chemicals, Aditya Birla Group.
At 11:17 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 306.10, up Rs 15.05, or 5.17 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

J&K floods: People forced to live on rooftops  Hazratbal Shrine submergedSelf-styled godman Baba Rampal supporters protest in Delhi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

CBI chief Ranjit Sinha accused of shielding coal scam accused  SC issues notice to himSep 09, 2014 at  12:39pm IST
CBI chief Ranjit Sinha accused of shielding coal scam accused, SC issues notice to him
30
0
New Delhi: In a major blow to India's premier investigation agency, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), the Supreme Court on Tuesday issued a notice to its Director Ranjit Sinha on a plea seeking his removal from the post and a Special Investigative Team (SIT) probe against him for allegedly protecting coal scam case accused.
Senior lawyer Prashant Bhushan has alleged that Ranjit Sinha met coal scam accused at his residence as disclosed in the residence diary. The court has asked the CBI Director to file a response in 10 days and postponed the matter for further hearing till September 19.
The apex court directed Ranjit Sinha to be kept out of all investigations till the matter is not sorted. Sinha has claimed the accusations to be false stating that the plea filed by Bhushan has many inconsistencies. Sinha claimed that his conduct is above board.
#ranjit sinha #coal scam #supreme court #cbi director
According to him all investigations carried out by him have been impartial and that he has never compromised his position. Sinha has disputed the authenticity of the register. The CBI Director also raised some serious questions on Bhushan's motives.
The court has demanded that Sinha explains his stand and gives out clear reasons for meeting all accused in the past two years. He has been accused of meeting some of them more than 50 times as well.
Considering Sinha's post it was not acceptable by him to meet the accused, argued Bhushan.
According to the petition a CBI Director commands great power and responsibility and being the head of the agency he monitors all the scams and raids going on in the country. He is kept in the loop during all raids and VIP interrogations, the plea argued.
Sinha stated that explaining allegations against him might force him to state many facts which can go against the very nature of his investigative duties.
70

Political crisis in Pakistan may impact ties with India: Report9
0
Washington: The current political unrest in Pakistan could impact its relations with India as the Pakistan army is having more control over the country's foreign policy than ever, a latest US Congressional report has said.
"The Pakistan Army's more openly direct control of the country's foreign and security policies may, over time, shift Pakistan's approach toward Afghanistan further into a policy framework that seeks to counter Indian influence there," the independent Congressional Research Service (CRS) said in its latest report 'Pakistan Political Unrest' in September.
"It could also present new challenges to the goal of improving India-Pakistan relations, and put a damper on hopes for effective regional cooperation and commerce in South Asia," said the Congressional report authored by Alan Kronstadt, CRS Specialist in South Asian Affairs.
The current political unrest has weakened Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and any overt military ouster of the democratically-elected government could trigger sanctions on Pakistan.
#pakistan #india #political crisis #imran khan
Even though the protest led by cricketer-turned- politician Imran Khan has subsided this would definitely have an adverse impact on India-Pakistan relationship, with the Pakistan Army having more control over it than ever, it said.
The current political unrest has weakened Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and any overt military ouster of the democratically-elected government could trigger sanctions on Pakistan.
"Whether Prime Minister Sharif sought out or merely acceded to the Army's late August intervention as a facilitator between the government and the protesters, most analysts contend that, because he has not demonstrated civilian control over domestic security, he will be left in a weakened state," the report said.
"This could have negative implications for US efforts to strengthen Pakistan's democratic governance institutions. Any overt military ouster of Sharif could trigger another round of democracy-related US sanctions on foreign assistance to Pakistan, potentially putting an indefinite halt to what has been one of the highest-priority American aid programs since 9/11," it said.
"While few assess that Sharif's government now faces an imminent threat of ouster from office, many observers see the current unrest weakening Sharif and representing a setback to democratisation in a country that has suffered three outright military coups in its 67 years of independence," the report said.
"To many analysts, it appears unlikely that Pakistan in the near future will alter any of its foreign or security policies of interest to the United States. However, the US government has sought to help in fostering Pakistan's democratic system, and that effort has been disrupted by the current unrest," the CRS said.
According to the report, circumstantial evidence suggests some links between Khan, fiery cleric Tahirul Qadri, Pakistan's military establishment, and numerous analysts identify a more-or-less coordinated effort between the military and the unfolding of the latest crisis.
1

Rajinikanths Lingaa shoot reachesclimaxThe shooting of superstar Rajinikanth's 'Lingaa', which is currently taking place in Shimoga district of Karnataka, has reached its final stages of completion. Some important stunts sequences involving Hollywood stunt choreographer Lee Whitaker are currently being shot.
Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:33 pm
The shooting of superstar Rajinikanth ‘s ‘ Lingaa ‘, which is currently taking place in Shimoga district of Karnataka, has reached its final stages of completion. Some important stunts sequences involving Hollywood stunt choreographer Lee Whitaker are currently being shot.
“We are currently shooting the climax sequences. Hollywood stuntman Lee Whitaker is busy canning some important action scenes in the climax. The film has come out very well,” a source from the film’s unit told IANS. (Read: Rajinikanth completes 4 decades in industry)
The crew of “Lingaa”, which is being directed by K.S. Ravikumar, has been shooting non-stop in Shimoga.
“We have shooting here for nearly two weeks now. The team is expected to take a break next week as Rajini sir and Ravi sir are likely to attend the audio launch of Shankar’s ‘Ai’,” the source added.
Recently, filmmaker Shankar landed on the sets of “Lingaa” to invite Rajinikanth and Ravikumar for the audio launch of his upcoming Tamil directorial “Ai”, scheduled to take place here Sep 15.
“Lingaa”, also starring Sonakshi Sinha and Anushka Shetty, features Rajinikanth in a dual role. The film is likely to release Dec 12, coinciding with the superstar’s birthday.
The team is expected to take a break next week as Rajini sir and Ravi sir are likely to attend the audio launch of Shankar's 'Ai'.

NDRF launches intensive relief operations in flood-hit Jammu &KashmirPrint
A total of 10,470 people have been rescued by the NDRF till now. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:31 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 12:46 pm
Two teams of NDRF equipped with 30 boats on Tuesday reached Srinagar as the force launched “intensive” operations to rescue people marooned and stranded by floods and rising waters.
National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) chief O P Singh said that 30 boats have been airlifted from Tamil Nadu’s Arrakonam and have reached Sringar today along with a 100 personnel strong contingent of the force to undertake and bolster the ongoing rescue operations.
“We are going to conduct intensive rescue operations from today. The fresh addition of men and material will aid our teams in rescuing more and more people stranded by floods ,” Singh said.
He said these teams will first be deployed to rescue people from Badamibagh area of Srinagar.
A total of 10,470 people have been rescued by the NDRF till now as over 150 boats and other critical equipment has been lowered down in the flood affected areas, he said.
The worst floods to hit the state in six decades have claimed nearly 200 lives.

Yusuf Pathan  3 others return from KKRcampPrint
Yusuf Pathan along with Piyush Chawla, Manvinder Bisla and Kuldeep Yadav returned to the country after training in South Africa on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:27 pm | Updated: September 11, 2014 4:36 pm
In their quest to be battle-ready for the upcoming Champions League Twenty20, Kolkata Knight Riders sent four of their players — Yusuf Pathan, Piyush Chawla, Manvinder Bisla and Kuldeep Yadav — to Bloemfontein in South Africa for 15 days of training that included cycling, running and mountaineering.
Looking to carry on the momentum from the Indian Premier League triumph, KKR batsman Yusuf said the camp between August 20 and September 3 in the rainbow nation under renowned trainer Adrian Le Roux has helped them immensely to be in top shape during the off season.
“We trained hard during those 15 days. We used to go for outdoor cycling and mountaineering and for long treks. The gym sessions were also very good. So it was a complete fitness and endurance routine that helped us remain in great shape during our off season,” said Yusuf in an interview with PTI.
“It was good fun as well. We had a great time together.
All of us gelled well and made use of the opportunity. Though Piyush, Bisla and Kuldeep came back after 12 days I stayed on for 3 more days to complete a satisfying camp,” added Yusuf.
Yusuf, who last played a T20 for India against South Africa in March 2012, finished off a great season for the Gautam Gambhir-led KKR. The hard-hitting Baroda bomber smashed the fastest IPL fifty, in just 15 balls, to help the Shah Rukh Khan-owned unit stay second in the league stage and finally clinch its second title.
“We also had proper training in the indoor nets with the local players of ‘Knights’ club helping us with our drills. We batted, bowled and special emphasis was laid on the fielding department. It was a totally different culture there and we learnt different things. Inshallah everybody will see an improved Yusuf Pathan. We left on a good note in IPL this season and I wish to pick up from there when we take field in CLT20,” said Yusuf.
Initiated by KKR CEO Venky Mysore, the camp gave a nice opportunity for the four players to get a feel of world class training before the CLT20 and if Yusuf and Piyush honed their skills then Bisla and Yadav, who is a slow left-arm Chinaman bowler from Uttar Pradesh, got much-needed international exposure.
“It was Venky Mysore’s idea to keep the camp in the off season to provide the ultimate opportunity to these KKR players. It was certainly a great exposure for the players as it provided a perfect getaway to train in South Africa,” KKR Team Director Joy Bhattacharya told PTI.
“It was a nice off-season exercise for the players. It will certainly add to their resume and to train under top facilities in Bloemfontein under world class trainers like Adrian Le Roux is a great opportunity. And I am sure all these continued…

Saeed Ajmal suspended for illegal action:ICCAn independent panel found Saeed Ajmal's action illegal (Source: File)
Reuters | Dubai | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:10 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 3:35 pm
Pakistan off-spinner Saeed Ajmal has been banned from bowling for an illegal action, the International Cricket Council (ICC) said on Tuesday.
Currently the top-ranked bowler in one-day internationals, the 36-year-old spinner was reported for his dodgy action by the umpires after last month’s Galle Test against Sri Lanka and flew to Brisbane to undergo biomechanical Tests.
“…an independent analysis has found the bowling action of Pakistan’s off-spinner Saeed Ajmal to be illegal and, as such, the player has been suspended from bowling in international cricket with immediate effect,” the ICC said in a statement. (Also Read: Saqlain offers a helping hand)
Ajmal was also reported for a suspect action in 2009 before being cleared by the ICC.
While some suspected the off-spinner’s ‘doosra’ – the delivery that spins the other way – exceeded the permissible straightening of the elbow joint for bowlers, the ICC said all Ajmal deliveries breached the limit. (Also Read: PCB to appeal against Ajmal suspension)
“The analysis revealed that all his deliveries exceeded the 15 degrees level of tolerance permitted under the regulations,” the governing body said.
Ajmal, who has taken 178 wickets from 35 tests to go with 183 from 111 ODIs, can now apply for a re-assessment after modifying his bowling action.
While the ICC has denied asking match officials to be more vigilant about chucking, the renewed vigour in identifying bowlers with illegal actions has been evident.
Ajmal is among the four off-spinners to have recently been reported for a suspect action, along with Sri Lanka’s Sachithra Senanayake, New Zealand’s Kane Williamson and Zimbabwe all-rounder Prosper Utseya.

ICC suspends Pak offie Ajmal for illegal actionInternational cricket council
(The analysis of Ajmal's…)
DUBAI: The International Cricket Council (ICC) today suspended Pakistan off-spinner Saeed Ajmal, who is currently perched at the top of its ODI rankings , after his bowling action was found to be illegal following an independent analysis.
"The International Cricket Council today confirmed that an independent analysis has found the bowling action of Pakistan's off-spinner Saeed Ajmal to be illegal and, as such, the player has been suspended from bowling in international cricket with immediate effect," the ICC said in a statement.
The analysis of the 36-year-old's action revealed that all his deliveries exceeded the 15 degrees level of tolerance permitted under the regulations.
"Saeed, who was reported after the first Test match against Sri Lanka in Galle last month, can apply a re-assessment after he has modified his bowling action in accordance with clause 2.4 of the Regulations for the Review of Bowlers Reported with Suspected Illegal Bowling Actions," the ICC statement read.
The analysis was performed on August 25 by the ICC's accredited team of Human Movement Specialists at the National Cricket Centre in Brisbane.
Reported to match referee Andy Pycroft by on-field umpires Ben Oxenford and Ian Gould, Ajmal played the second match only to see his team lose the game and the series.
The venue and time of the analysis was decided in consultation with the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB).
Ajmal has played 35 Tests for Pakistan, grabbing 178 wickets. His ODI record stands at an impressive 183 wickets from 111 matches. His 63 T20 appearances have yielded 85 wickets.
He was first reported for a suspect action in 2009 -- his debut year -- but was cleared after tests at the University of Western Australia in Perth. The bowler was reported for his 'doosra'.
This time, the ICC changed its protocols for testing bowling actions reported by umpires and match referees and the tests were held in Brisbane.
Apparently, the change was made after too many bowlers were cleared by the biomechanics in Perth.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Quindell wins libel action victoryQuindell says it won libel victory against Gotham City
By Andy Sharman and Henry Mance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2cff1018-37e8-11e4-a687-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How is the share allotment doneLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
How is the share allotment done?
P V Subramanyam, Trainer & Author, subramoney.com explains how share is allotment done.
Post your opinion here
 
After the closures of the issue, the bids received are aggregated under different categories i.e., firm allotment, Qualified Institutional Buyers (QIBs), Non-Institutional Buyers (NIBs), Retail, etc. The over subscription ratios are then calculated for each of the categories as against the shares reserved for each of the categories in the offer document. Within each of these categories, the bids are then segregated into different buckets based on the number of shares applied for. The over subscription ratio is then applied to the number of shares applied for and the number of shares to be allotted for applicants in each of the buckets is determined. Then, the number of successful allottees is determined. This process is followed in case of proportionate allotment. In case of allotment for QIBs, it is subject to the discretion of the post issue lead manager.
RELATED NEWS

Pradeep Metals reappoints Omprakash Agarwal as directorSep 09, 2014, 12.28 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Pradeep Metals reappoints Omprakash Agarwal as director
Pradeep Metals has reappointed Mr Omprakash Agarwal as director of the company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Pradeep Metals reappoints Omprakash Agarwal as director
Pradeep Metals has reappointed Mr Omprakash Agarwal as director of the company.
Post your opinion here
 
Pradeep Metals Ltd has informed BSE about change in Directors/Auditors pursuant to Clause 30 of the Equity Listing Agreement.  Pradeep Metals has reappointed Mr Omprakash Agarwal as director of the company.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

How  Stars Crossed  for Unlikely U.S. Open Winner
Xi to visit India  Lanka  Maldives from next week
No problem if SC cancels all coal blocks: GovtThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Massive rescue ops on  lakhs still stranded in JThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

UPDATE 1-Brent drops below $100 as ample supply weighsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hafiz Saeed blames India for devastating floods in PakistanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hope SC s decision beings clarity on issue of Delhi govt. formation: Jay PandaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sl triggered... for your drreddys sell call !!!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Bailout plan for discoms fizzles out-most of eight states that account...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Can avance reach rs.5/- by this year endCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Thank you rajiv ji for your encouraging words.Gold Member
336 Followers
Dear Singh Saaheb, as we all know the future of Lloyd is bright so it will be fruitful, even in very short term. Since you are now following this board for a good time I would say you buy out your quota below 200 at every dip and sit tightly.
12.54 PM Sep 9th

Ranjit Sinha: Unconventional & outspoken CBI directorYou are here: Home > Collections > Cbi
Ranjit Sinha: Unconventional & outspoken CBI director
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Sep 8, 2014, 04.00AM IST
(Besides, of course, the…)
NEW DELHI: Barely three months before he faces the SC test for alleged conflict of interest, CBI director Ranjit Sinha appeared to have a rather prescient advice for a set of sub-inspectors being inducted into the premier investigating agency.
"You are the face of the organisation and represent it before the public. Your conduct has to be exemplary and there cannot be any compromises," said Sinha, who is finding the shoe on the other foot as SC on Monday examines whether his meetings with the accused in CBI cases or their accomplices at his residence amounted to compromising the probes in question.
Besides, of course, the senior-most IPS officer finds himself under the probing gaze of the government as well as many of his colleagues in the agency.
Although those close to him say the leak of the visitor's dairy that landed in the hands of lawyer and AAP member Prashant Bhushan smacks of a political conspiracy, others say Sinha may need to summon up more than his characteristic headlinegrabbing quotes in Supreme Court to defend his reputation as a police officer with a 41-year service record.
An unconventional and outspoken CBI director, Sinha had settled the debate on autonomy of the central agency with an unequivocal, and quite unprecedented, admission last year. "I am part of the government and wish to be so," he had said. Yet, the CBI director called a caged parrot and his master's voice by the Supreme Court last year defied political wisdom by proceeding to give a clean chit to BJP leader Amit Shah in the Ishrat Jahan case during the tenure of UPA government.
Similarly, he has not so far proceeded against Congress CM Virbhadra Singh while BJP is in power.
Many of his predecessors grappled with the most high-profile political cases against SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and BSP leader Mayawati, whose parties lent critical outside support to the UPA.
Sinha took the plunge and cleared both leaders, once and for all. "UPA would have been very happy if I'd charged Amit Shah, but I went by evidence," Sinha had told ET, in his rather tenure-defining statement.
With someone of Sinha's experience at the helm, though, many found it surprising that CBI proceeded to lodge half-baked cases under his watch, prominently the one against Aditya Birla Group chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla and former coal secretary PC Parakh, the enquiry against former Sebi chief CB Bhave or the latest one against former disinvestment secretary Pradeep Baijal.
Much like the Birla case, for which industry and the highest echelons of government slammed CBI and the case has now ended in closure with the agency admitting embarrassingly shocking mistakes in its FIR, the Baijal case seems headed for the same fate.
Bhave has termed Sinha-led CBI a maligning agency which plays with reputations. Sinha, however, publicly wondered why Bhave and Parakh were slamming him even after he gave them a clean chit.
"Have I charged them? Why are they still criticising me?" Sinha asked while talking to ET last week.
It's an open secret that NDA may not mind seeing him resign before he retires on December 2. BJP had objected to his appointment in 2012, saying the Lokpal mechanism to appoint the director must be followed.
Sinha scraped through by default after another IPS officer Neeraj Kumar went to Central Administrative Tribunal, challenging why he was being ignored and UPA preempted a stand-off and selected Sinha, the senior-most in the panel.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Michael Bloomberg to return as the head of BloombergYou are here: Home > Collections
Michael Bloomberg to return as the head of Bloomberg
New York Times Sep 5, 2014, 04.14AM IST
Tags:
(When he left politics, Bloomberg,…)
By Andrew Ross Sorkin
Michael R Bloomberg has decided to reassume the leadership of his business empire only eight months after ending his final term as mayor of New York. On Wednesday, Bloomberg told close confidants and senior executives of Bloomberg, a financial data and media company, that Daniel L Doctoroff, its chief executive and a longtime friend and lieutenant, would leave the company at the end of the year and that he would take over.
For years, Bloomberg had insisted that he had no intention of returning full time to the company he founded. When he left politics, Bloomberg, 72, was expected to devote most of his time to giving away his $32.8-billion fortune.
Those philanthropic efforts — on issues like gun control, immigration and public health — were supposed to take up much of his time and he would "most likely spend a few hours a day working from his new desk on the fifth floor," at Bloomberg's offices, according to a memo Doctoroff sent employees in January.
DOCTOROFF'S DECISION
But in recent months, Bloomberg — who still owns 88% of the company — has become an increasing presence at Bloomberg's Lexington Avenue headquarters. Those "few hours" soon turned into six and seven hours a day with Bloomberg taking a hands-on role in meetings and strategy decisions.
Doctoroff, 56, a former deputy mayor of New York and private equity executive, told Bloomberg about two weeks ago that he planned to resign, frustrated with how the leadership dynamic had shifted.
Bloomberg urged him to stay and remain chief executive, but Doctoroff demurred. Doctoroff, who remains a friend of Bloomberg and will join the board of Bloomberg's foundation, explained his decision to step down: "When Mike decided he wanted to spend some time at the company, and then spent more time, obviously things changed."
He added, "It isn't the job I had for the past six years. It's his — he wants to be involved. He doesn't want to consult with me on everything. I get that." "This wasn't the plan," said Bloomberg, sitting next to Doctoroff at a coffee shop on the Upper East Side.
"It was his idea. If it was up to me, he would have stayed." Bloomberg said he fell in love again with the company that he founded in 1981. He said that after vacationing for a couple of weeks in January and working on his philanthropy, he realised that he felt most excited by his work at Bloomberg. While Bloomberg said he did not plan to take the title of chief — "I hate titles," he said — he intended to run the company for the foreseeable future.
Still, he allowed that it was possible that he could hire a new chief executive if he were to decide to turn his attention elsewhere. He will take charge of a company that is bigger and more powerful than the one he left more than a decade ago, but it also perhaps faces more challenges.
Bloomberg is at something of a crossroads, developing new businesses in the hopes of making it more accessible to a broader consumer audience. Under Doctoroff, who joined Bloomberg just six months before the financial crisis flared in September 2008, the company's revenue has jumped to more than $9 billion, from $5.4 billion.
Subscriptions to Bloomberg's signature financial data terminals — which rent for about $20,000 a year — have grown to 321, 000, from 273,000, despite a shrinking financial sector.
 
With many newsrooms dwindling, Bloomberg has added more than 500 reporters and editors during his tenure. Still, the company's growth has slowed, particularly abroad.
And its news division endured criticism last year in the face of accusations that it withheld a report about government corruption in China to protect its business interests there.
Separately, it came under fire after acknowledging that its reporters used the company's terminals to extract subscribers' private information. Whatever fissures existed below the surface between the two men, both insisted that there was no fight over leadership.
"The press always wants to write about a battle," Bloomberg said. "There was not a battle." With a wry smile and a laugh, Doctoroff said: "Mike is kind of like God at the company. He created the universe. He issued the Ten Commandments and then he disappeared. And then he came back. You have to understand that when God comes back, things are going to be different. When God reappeared, people defer."
After a series of tiffs, mostly over not consulting each other on small decisions and conversations, Bloomberg went to Doctoroff and said, "The only answer is for me not to be here."
Doctoroff said he replied, "Mike, that's not the answer that I want or that you want. This is your company. You ought to get out of it what you want." Ultimately, Bloomberg agreed with that assessment.
"If he asked me as a personal friend, he should leave because he wants to be the CEO of a company and with my name on the door, the best he could do is be co-CEO," he said.

Rajan has delivered on most counts with courage of convictionArun Jaitley
(Rupee, which was the worst…)
Economists are renowned for the use of phrases, 'On the one hand' and 'On the other hand' to shield themselves from criticism if their views turn out to be wrong. On one such occasion, former US president Harry Truman seems to have screamed in frustration, "Can I get an economist with one hand?" Could someone coming from a crowd with such a reputation be assertive, express an opinion with conviction and above all, wade through the maze of Indian bureaucracy to fix an economy and a financial system in shambles? When Raghuram Rajan arrived at the finance ministry as an advisor in 2012, his reputation as an economist was flying high, thanks to the 2008 credit crisis that he foresaw three years before.
Economic forecasts will be remembered both when they go wrong, as in the case of Irving Fischer who predicted a permanently high level for stocks weeks before the Great Depression set in, and when they turn out to be right, as it happened with Rajan.
But forecasting weather sitting from the comforts of an air conditioned cabin with advanced tools is a different game, than cleaning up the mess left behind by a cyclone.
It was a perfect storm when Rajan, the former professor of finance at the Chicago University's Booth School of Business, landed in RBI — currency at a record low, inflation was stubbornly high, current account deficit maligning the economic reputation, untrustworthy fiscal numbers, and above all, the taper tantrums of the Federal Reserve.
In such a situation, Day One in office should have been limited to pleasantries and thanking everyone under the sun 'for giving him an opportunity to serve the nation.'
But that was not to be with this Rudyard Kipling fan. At the appointed time on September 4, 2013, he read out his 3,065-word manifesto for the Indian financial sector.
This was the message: "Our task today is to build a bridge to the future, over the stormy waves produced by global financial markets. I have every confidence we will succeed in doing that."
A year later, what has he delivered? "His three main achievements in his first year have been: stabilising the external sector; giving the RBI a firmer commitment to inflation control and communicating that effectively; and clearly and crisply setting his agenda for his term as governor," says Duvvuri Subbarao, Rajan's predecessor whose relationship with the government turned frosty due to his defiance to play ball with the government on interest rates.
The rupee, which was the worst performer till Rajan took charge, turned out to be the best after he drew $35 billion under the special swap arrangement with banks for deposits from overseas Indians.
"Forex reserves are higher and the rupee is stronger," says Shikha Sharma, chief executive at Axis Bank. "This has not only revived investor sentiment, but will also contribute to investment recovery and higher financial savings."
Holding Strong
It is this courage of conviction that has been the feature of Rajan's 365 days at Mint Street. Declaring that he would use interest rates to battle inflation, even if popular opinion was against it, and that robber barons do not have space in his scheme of things were at that time taken as grand standing.
But his three interest rate increases, and a merciless drive to prevent bad loans and recovery show he means business. There was something in his manifesto for the financial markets, as well as the common man in the form of inflation indexed bonds.
The human tendency is to get into a shell in times of distress, but Rajan did the opposite by declaring his intention to internationalise the financial market. His communication exhibited this belief.
 
"This might be a strange time to talk about rupee internationalisation, but we have to think beyond the next few months," said Rajan, who, all his life, has studied how a few can abuse the markets.
Then came the warning: "That is not to say we will never surprise the markets with actions. A central bank should never say 'never'!" Pragmatic, some would say. But for others it was an un-Chicago way of conducting economic policies.
Does he fit into a definition? "I would say the markets sort of had a different view of me, based on my coming from Chicago," said Rajan. "This is a free market nut who's gonna do A, B, C, D... If you look at my writing over the past few years, it's always a nuanced position. It's always picking up the pros and cons of everything. I don't think I have changed substantially."
As an economist he is not wedded to any one school of thought, and that provides the flexibility to adopt the conservative economic stream of inflation targeting, and an active intervention in the market to keep traders on leash.
The Barriers

Shy people use Facebook longer but share lessBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Bhushan Steel readies plan to raise Rs 1 000 croreBhushan Steel readies plan to raise Rs 1,000 crore
Somasroy Chakraborty & Ishita Ayan Dutt | Kolkata Sep 09, 2014 12:49 AM IST
Debt-ridden Bhushan Steel has chalked out plan, in consultation with lenders, to raise around Rs 1,000 crore from sale and lease-back of critical assets to reduce its Rs 40,000 crore debt burden.
The plan was mooted first in January, but as a back-up. "It was our Plan B. We had then planned to raise funds through a qualified institutional placement (QIP), but since the environment is conducive at the moment, we are going ahead with Plan B," Bhushan Steel's director (finance), Nittin Johari, said.
The Bhushan Steel stock, which was at Rs 197.5 just about a month ago, closed at Rs 111 on the BSE. The stock took a severe beating after the company's vice-chairman and managing director, Neeraj Singal, was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the Syndicate Bank cash-for-loan scam. On Monday, however, the stock was up by nearly five per cent.
SEEKING A BREATHER
The move, if it finally materialises, would be a first for the steel sector
Critical assets for Bhushan Steel include five oxygen plants and two coking coal plants
At present, Bhushan Steel’s term loan is around Rs 30,000 crore
Critical assets for Bhushan Steel would be its five oxygen plants and two coking coal plants. For the year, the company has decided to sell and lease-back oxygen plants. "Whether we do two or five, we have not decided. We are looking to raise Rs 1,000 crore from this," Johari clarified.
The move, if it finally materialises, would be a first for the steel sector. A steel producer said, "It's common in the aviation sector but has not happened in the domestic steel sector." Johari, however, noted that many steel companies had outsourced these operations. "But we followed a different model. These are assets we have created," he said.
At present, Bhushan Steel's term loan is around Rs 30,000 crore, much of which was for a 5.2 million tonne plant in Odisha. Working capital loan accounts for another Rs 10,000 crore. "A restructuring plan has been prepared and the company has been asked to raise money and de-leverage its books through sale and lease of critical assets. We will continue to monitor the progress on this front," said a senior banker with one of the lenders to Bhushan Steel.
He added that lenders had no immediate plans to attach and monetise personal assets of the promoters to recover their dues. "Loans to Bhushan Steel are still classified as standard asset by us. At this point, we are sticking to the restructuring plan that was decided last month. We will evaluate all possible options if the loans turn non-performing," the banker said. At the August 19 lenders' meet - held largely to secure their interest - it was decided that a forensic audit of Bhushan Steel would be done by an external agency. The consortium of lenders had also suggested that Bhushan Steel should look at selling some of its non-core assets. Johari explained that Bowen Energy, an Australian exploration company controlled by Bhushan Steel, had not been fully explored as yet.
The reserves estimate would emerge only after full exploration, which is still around nine months' away. "Once we have done the exploration, we can realise the full potential. Then we can partially sell beyond our own requirements," Johari pointed out. Bowen Energy has exploration licences for coking coal, thermal coal and uranium leases.
Till then, the company will have to bank on selling and leasing back some of its critical assets. In the interim, however, if the environment changes for the better, the QIP could be explored.
SEEKING A BREATHER
| The move, if it finally materialises, would be a first for the steel sector
| Critical assets for Bhushan Steel include five oxygen plants and two coking coal plants
| At present, Bhushan Steel's term loan is around Rs 30,000 crore

Genel gains on M&A hopes for Iraqi oilGenel gains on M&A hopes for Iraqi oil
By Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dc44c212-3779-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt may do away with tribal consent for cutting forestsGovt may do away with tribal consent for cutting forests
Nitin Sethi | New Delhi Sep 09, 2014 12:57 AM IST
Led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's office, the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government is discussing possible ways to do away with the mandatory requirement of securing consent from tribal gram sabhas (village councils) before cutting down their forests for industrial purposes. The deliberations, on among various ministries, are for zeroing in on such a way that the requirement is removed without going through the politically difficult route of getting the Forest Rights Act amended in Parliament.
If the proposed move goes through, cutting down of forests for industrial and development projects would again be cleared solely at political-bureaucratic discretion of the Union government, like it used to be until the Forest Rights Act was passed in 2006 (implemented in 2008).
The first meeting on the issue, which took place on July 31, within days of the NDA government taking charge at the Centre, was led by the principal secretary to the prime minister. Others have followed up more recently. Some documents, which have been reviewed by Business Standard, show that the government is evaluating options to do away with the requirement for tribal gram sabhas' consent, without having to amend the Forest Rights Act.
The proposed move was triggered by the environment ministry and has since been monitored regularly by PMO, reveal correspondence between the two offices. Other ministries that sought to jettison the need for tribal bodies' consent - the coal and road transport ministries - are also involved in the deliberations, besides the tribal affairs and law ministries.
One option being discussed is turning the consent requirement under the Forest Rights Act into a less-onerous process of general public hearing for environmental clearances. Unlike the 'prior informed consent' provision, public hearings do not allow veto power over projects. These only require the government to consult all affected people for all kinds of environmental impacts. These hearings - done through district administrations, and not gram sabhas - are conducted under the Environment Protection Act, 1986.
Simultaneously, the NDA government has also started removing the requirement for public hearings in some kinds of projects. It recently did away with such processes for expansion of coal mining projects.
The other option being considered is seeking a favourable advice from the law ministry. The environment ministry, keen to get the consent clause removed from its forest clearance process, has sent a query to the law ministry, heavily tilting the questions and backgrounder in favour of removing the requirement. It has tried to lay stress on adhering to some earlier-promulgated laws that are weaker on this count. Those require gram sabhas' approval only for removing minor minerals in the Schedule-V areas where density of tribal population is high.. PMO has asked the law ministry to expedite its reply.
The law ministry's favourable advice, along these lines, could be used to contradict the long-standing legal view of the tribal affairs ministry. In charge of the Forest Rights Act, the tribal affairs ministry, has said that even an exception for specific kind of projects - leave alone entirely doing away with tribal gram sabhas' consent for all projects - will be illegal, unless the Forest Rights Act is amended.
The unanimous order of a three-member Supreme Court Bench in the Vedanta mining case had also given its stamp of approval to the requirement of taking tribal village councils' consent. The tribal affairs ministry has noted that the court orders in the famous case make the process binding under Article 141 of the Constitution. But the environment ministry has deflected from this in its reference to the law ministry.
For decades, the rights of tribal people on forest land were taken over by the governments of the day, without legal settlement processes. The Forest Rights Act, which came into effect in 2008, is meant to hand back traditional rights over forest land to these people. It appoints tribal gram sabhas, the primary level of democratically elected bodies, as the statutory authority to process settlement claims and take decisions to protect forests in these traditional lands, rights over which have been handed back to the people.
The environment ministry, meanwhile, has been giving forest clearances to all projects requiring forest land (regardless of who owns the land) since the Forest Conservation Act came into being in 1980. The law gave the forest bureaucracy and the Union government the powers to give away forests for industrial purposes. Since 1980, the environment ministry has approved almost 95 per cent of the projects that sought to cut down forests. To ensure the clearance process complied with the new Forest Rights Act, the erstwhile United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government in 2009 made it mandatory for the environment ministry to seek evidence from states that tribal people had agreed to give away their lands. This was to be done in the form of consent letters from the gram sabhas concerned.
However, on several occasions, environment ministry officials and the PMO during the UPA regime, along with miners, project developers and infrastructure ministries, tried to get these orders withdrawn in 2012 and 2013. The then principal secretary to the prime minister even set up a committee that tried to bypass the need for consent.
The move was repeatedly objected to by the then environment ministers, Jairam Ramesh and Jayanthi Natarajan, and the tribal affairs ministry. But under pressure from the then PMO, the environment ministry relented and did away with the need for the Centre to seek consent orders as evidence for linear projects like pipelines, irrigation canals, roads and power lines. Also, quietly, it sidelined the process of ensuring gram sabhas' consent forms were in place for all other projects. This led to flashpoints like Posco and Mahan, where villagers protested to defend their rights, and forgery of documents.
Vedanta became a prominent case where the ministry stuck to its regulations and went to the Supreme Court to defend the gram sabhas' powers.
The tribal affairs ministry initially relented on this count but took a clearer legal stand in March this year, noting that such exceptions were illegal. It wrote to state governments that even if the environment ministry did not seek the proof of consent from gram sabhas during the clearance process, the Forest Rights Act required such approvals.
Some documents, reviewed by Business Standard, show that in May this year, when the general elections were on and UPA government had become weak, the environment ministry mandarins again pushed for consent of tribal gram sabhas to be done away with. They wrote to the PMO - still under UPA - noting that the tribal affairs ministry had termed clearances to linear projects without tribal consent illegal. The environment ministry, then under M Veerappa Moily, took a leap and sought complete removal of the need for tribal councils' consent.
In the last days of the UPA government, the PMO did not agree with the views of the nodal tribal affairs ministry and asked the environment ministry to seek an opinion from the law department.
Under the new government, when the principal secretary to the PM held a meeting on the issue on July 31, the tribal affairs ministry reiterated that the move was "absurd" and "incongruous" and would make the Forest Rights Act "meaningless, if forests could be diverted without consent (of the gram sabha)". But the meetings at the PMO continued to discuss how the consent provision for clearances could be dropped quickly. The law ministry has been tasked with providing an answer soon, even as other ministries look at separate routes of achieving the same goal.
The aim of the array of meetings was to finalise the government's position on the issue by the end of August. Business Standard could not ascertain if that had been done so far.
INDUSTRY ON MIND
Moves within the government
Working to do away with the need to get tribal gram sabhas' consent before their forests are cut down for industrial projects
 
Meetings held at PMO; initiated by the environment ministry; backed by the coal and road transport ministries
 
Law being reinterpreted to avoid amendment to the Forest Rights Act
 
Tribal affairs ministry has labelled the move illegal and absurd
 
The move undermines SC order on mining by Vedanta in Odisha's Niyamgiri Hills, says tribal affairs ministry
The Forest Rights Act of 2006, and clearances
For decades, forests were taken over by govts and tribal people were turned into encroachers of own lands
 
The FRA has handed back to tribals the control and rights over traditional forest land
 
The Act makes gram sabhas the statutory body to protect the forest land over which rights are given back
 
Forest clearances by the environment ministry require consent from gram sabhas
 
Earlier, forest bureaucracy and the ministry had sole powers to give forests away. Nearly 95% of all projects seeking forests were approved

EU body clears Hungary aid of 96 mn euros for Apollo Tyres plantBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Investors see funny side of Alibaba IPOInvestors see funny side of Alibaba IPO
By Nicole Bullock and Eric Platt in New York and Arash Massoudi in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2e796f3c-3762-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Former US ambassador in laundering probeFormer US ambassador faces money laundering probe
By Richard McGregor in Washington and Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/537739e6-3798-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Equality not enough  we need social amity too: PMNarendra Modi at Vigyan Bhawan on Monday. Source: Renuka Puri
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:08 am
A day after RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat supported reservation for Dalits and tribals, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday argued that quota system alone would not get the desired equality, but there should be amity in the society.
“What we need is not just equality, we have to move forward and have samajik samarasta (social amity), which is a combination of equality and oneness… Samarasta needs a larger social awakening, while samata (equality) can be brought in through laws too,” he said while addressing a function to celebrate the 152nd birth anniversary of Ayyankali, a Dalit reformer from Kerala.
“We have to create systems where there is no injustice against anybody… I promise you the coming time will be a journey for samrasta,” the Prime Minister said.
Paying tribute to Ayyankali, Modi compared the Dalit reformer’s Kayal Sammelan, a meeting on a platform arranged on a row of country boats berthed in the backwaters to assert the backward Pulyar community’s rights 100 years ago, to Mahatma Gandhi’s Dandi March. “If Dandi March was a turning in the country’s freedom struggle, Kayal Sammelan was the turning point in social reforms,” he said.
The Prime Minister said, “It is this country’s misfortune that for some reason, the contributions of those who had lived for the country has been forgotten.” Modi’s move to address the birth anniversary celebration of the Dalit icon and Bhagwat’s statement backing the reservation for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes are seen as part of the BJP’s strategy to focus on the backward classes for political support. At a book launch on Sunday, Bhagwat backed reservation as a tool to bring equality to those suffering discrimination.
BJP has termed Prime Minister’s move to address the meeting as an attempt to be inclusive. “Our agenda is not divisive politics, but inclusive politics. We have no caste differences. BJP and RSS want to reach out to all sections of the society, especially the most downtrodden,” said
Lalitha Kumaramangalam, BJP spokesperson. “ We are a political party and we want to gain political support. There is nothing wrong in it.”

Rupee Falls to 60.44 Tracking Broad Dollar RallyYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Falls to 60.44 Tracking Broad Dollar Rally
Reuters | Updated On: September 09, 2014 09:39 (IST)
Rupee Hits 8-1/2 Month Low, Closes at 61.96 Per Dollar
The rupee was weaker at 60.44/45 versus its Monday's close of 60.29/30. Dollar traded at 14-month highs against a basket of major currencies early on Tuesday.
The index of the dollar against six majors was up 0.27 per cent. The pair is expected to trade in a 60.20-60.60 range during the session.
Most other Asian currencies were also trading weaker compared with the dollar. Traders will continue to monitor foreign fund flows for direction
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

F&O inclusion: Eicher Motors  Motherson Sumi  TVS Motor shares jumpF&O inclusion: Eicher Motors, Motherson Sumi, TVS Motor shares jump
K S Badri Narayanan
Tweet
Chennai, Sept 9:  
Shares of Eicher Motors, Motherson Sumi Systems, SKS Microfinance, MindTree and TVS Motor Company have gained between one and three per cent, as the NSE has included them in the derivative segment.
"Members are advised to note that... the futures and options contracts on five additional securities would be available for trading w.e.f. September 10,'' the NSE said in a circular on Monday.
MindTree, which jumped to a high of Rs 1,168.10 in early trade, is currently hovering around Rs 1,155 on the NSE. Motherson Sumi jumped 2.7 per cent at Rs 395.75, Escorts gained 1.7 per cent at Rs 139.7 and TVS Motor Company shares jumped 2.11 per cent at Rs 222.45
Shares generally see buying momentum initially on news of inclusion in F&O segment, as traders and arbitrageurs try to build positions. However, only fundamentals will drive the stock in the medium and long-term.
Shares of L&T Finance Holdings and Just Dial, which were included in F&O segment in March this year, are displaying divergent trend. While the former is trading lower compared with the day on which (March 13) it entered the segment, the latter, after hitting an life-time high at Rs 1,895 in August, is ruling at Rs 1,725.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Another actress arrested for  prostitutionBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Ashok Leyland surges 6% on winning orders worth Rs 1 500 crAshok Leyland surges 6% on winning orders worth Rs 1,500 cr
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 09, 2014 10:59 AM IST
Shares of Ashok Leyland are up nearly 6% at Rs 40.75, also its 52-week high after the company received orders for around 4,000 buses from State Transport Undertakings (STUs) under the JNNURM-II scheme. The orders are worth around Rs 1,500 crore.
A total of 22 STUs across the country including Calcutta State Transport Corporation (CSTC), Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC), Andhra Pradesh State Transport Corporation (APSRTC), Jaipur City Transport Services Ltd) and Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Ltd (PMPL) have placed large orders with the company.
The stock opened at Rs 38.85 and touched a high of Rs 41.10 as of now. Over 3,077,266 shares are traded on both the BSE so far.

Jayshree Chemicals jumps on sale of its unit to Aditya BirlaJayshree Chemicals jumps on sale of its unit to Aditya Birla
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 09, 2014 10:49 AM IST
Jayshree Chemicals has surged 5% to Rs 15.30 on the BSE after the company approved the sale of Chlor Alkali business to Aditya Birla Chemicals (India) for a cash consideration of Rs 212 crore.
 
Aditya Birla Chemicals (India) (ABCIL) said the acquisition will  take ABCIL to a higher growth trajectory. Shares of ABCIL are up 4.4% and are quoting at Rs 304 on the BSE today.
 
Chlor-Alkali (CAD) division is an environment friendly and energy efficient membrane cell facility located at Ganjam, Odisha and also has about 1600 acres of salt works in Andhra Pradesh. The current capacity of the facility is about 57,000 tons per annum. CAD is cost competitive, driven by strengths of the latest state of the art technology. With this acquisition, the total caustic soda capacity of ABCIL will increase to about 3.55 lakh tons per annum, ABCIL said in a statement.
 
Jayshree Chemicals is engaged in the manufacturing of caustic soda, liquid chlorine and hydrochloric acid (HCL) and sodium hypo chlorite based on energy efficient latest membrane cell technology at Ganjam District, East Coast of Orissa having an installed capicity of 53200 MPTA, 35000 MPTA ,37000 MPTA AND 6500 MPTA of caustic soda, liquid chlorine and hydrochloric acid (HCL) and sodium hypo chlorite respectively.
 
The stock opened at Rs 15.30 and has remained unchanged so far on the BSE. A total of 5,750 shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.

Minimum Rs. 50-cr net worth for MFs is necessary: SEBIMinimum Rs. 50-cr net worth for MFs is necessary: SEBI
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 08, 2014 12:57 IST
Earlier this year, SEBI has increased the minimum net worth requirement for mutual funds to Rs 50 crore from Rs 10 crore
 
 
SEBI chairman UK Sinha has said minimum net worth of Rs 50-crore for mutual funds is necessary to keep away non-serious players.
The SEBI Chairman also cautioned that close down of even a small player could be as fatal as that of a large company for entire financial system.Earlier this year, SEBI has increased the minimum net worth requirement for mutual funds to Rs 50 crore from Rs 10 crore.  
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Thursday, 20 November 2014 18:28 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Grand  big picture reforms to take time: RajanGrand, big picture reforms to take time: Rajan
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 08, 2014 09:32 IST
The RBI is aiming to bring down the headline number to 8% by end of this year and to 6% by the end of next year
 
 
RBI governor Raghuram Rajan said that the government and Reserve Bank of India will negotiate to formulate a monetary framework for the central bank this year.
The monetary frame work will lay more emphasis on inflation. Since 1934 we have not figured out a framework for the RBI, he added.
Rajan further said that the RBI is aiming to bring down the headline number to 8% by end of this year and to 6% by the end of next year.
Speaking at an event organized in Chicago by the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, Rajan said the new government may take time to introduce "grand, big picture reforms" as it is currently focusing on implementation of stalled projects worth $50-$70 billion.
Rajan further said, People have been expecting major changes very quickly from the new government and harboured the belief that it would be moving fast on a "number of dimensions that the people want them to move on".
According to Rajan, the Narendra Modi government has "stuck to the path the old government laid out" to show that there was continuity and this has benefited India in the eyes of the international investors.
Rajan noted that in the short run, a number of states in India are moving ahead with labour and land acquisition reforms.
We are still focused on macro stabilisation. Current account deficit, fiscal deficit, inflation, all those numbers hopefully will be better going forward, he said.
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Thursday, 20 November 2014 18:28 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Five steps to achieve financial freedomFive steps to achieve financial freedom
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 08, 2014 11:12 IST
Setting financial goals is the primary step of ladder to financial freedom. It is recommended to write down financial goals ranging from short term to long term, like paying of home loan, buying a car or going on a vacation abroad
 
 
Each one of us aspire to achieve financial freedom, which can only come by taking more control of one's finances and strengthening the weaknesses. Financial freedom should not be confused with obsessing for money, but it is all about sitting relaxed and contended that the financial goals have been taken care of. Here are the list of some smart tips to getting that financial freedom.
 
Start with Financial Goals
Setting financial goals is the primary step of ladder to financial freedom. It is recommended to write down financial goals ranging from short term to long term, like paying of home loan, buying a car or going on a vacation abroad. The goals should specify the time and amount of money so that an appropriate amount of saving could be allocated to these goals.
 
Track your money
There are various mobile apps as well as online solutions available in India, which record daily expenses and provide an easy snapshot of the money spent. Keeping tab on every day expenses help figure out impulsive spending habits, which in turn greatly influences the way one manages his/her money. Also, tracking will help you to know if you are running on deficit or surplus by the end of month, which again could help straigten out usage of credit cards and other borrowings.
 
Budgeting
Tracking money for a few months will give a fair idea of spending pattern and it would help a person to prepare a budget on a more accurate basis. Though it sounds boring, but nearly half of the wealthy people cling to their budgeting habits, it simply saves from unnecessary cash outflow.
 
Emergency Fund
In India, people seldom give thought to having an emergency fund and even if some do have provisioning then it falls short of an ideal emergency corpus. Times are uncertain and there are higher chances that a person could face certain emergencies in day-to-day life, like a car repair or a huge credit card bill, owing to some surprise purchases, and, an emergency fund could just relieve you from a drag down on your monthly budget. Financial advisors recommend an individual to keep a minimum corpus of three to four months of expenses as emergency corpus, which should be easily accessible. 
 
In company of others
People tend to get inspired by others surrounding them more easily then by following some set principles or someone who is preaching from far off. Thus, it is prudent to be in the company of those who are financially more settled and free. Financial abilities are often reflected in the everyday activities of financially sound people, and its never too late to learn. 

FY15 budget has strong growth impulses: Finance SecretaryFY15 budget has strong growth impulses: Finance Secretary
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 08, 2014 13:55 IST
Arvind Mayaram has asked the expenditure management committee to look into subsidy rationalisation
 
 
Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram today said the Moody's officials were concerned about India's fiscal deficit. There is an expectation that FY15 growth could be 5.7-5.9%.
The Finance Secretary added that the FY15 budget has strong growth impulses. Mayaram has asked the expenditure management committee to look into subsidy rationalisation.
Moody's believes Indian economy is doing well, Mayaram added. He further hopes that government's FY15 divestment plan will be successful.  
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Thursday, 20 November 2014 18:28 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Delhi govt formation: Centre gets a month s time from Supreme CourtComments
The Supreme Court on Tuesday gave the Centre four weeks to inform it about the outcome of the process initiated by Delhi Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung to end the political deadlock in the Capital.
A constitution bench headed by Justice HL Dattu said the continued impasse could lead to horse-trading. The court did not entertain the Aam Aadmi Party's request to take on record a CD of its sting exposing the BJP's alleged efforts to buy out its MLAs. It asked the party to wait till October 10, the next date of hearing.
Read: Only L-G can take a decision on govt formation in Delhi, says Rajnath
The direction came after additional solicitor general P Narasimha apprised the bench of the L-G's September 4 letter to the President. Submitting a copy, he said the L-G had sought permission to invite the single largest party - the BJP - to form the government. The developments, he added, showed efforts were being made to end the stalemate, which rendered the AAP's challenge to the President's rule in Delhi infructuous.
The bench disagreed with the ASG and said the petition would remain pending but not for long. It declined the Centre's request to dismiss AAP's petition. It also refused to adjourn the matter till October end.
"On the last date of hearing, it was made clear to you (Centre) that either election be held or a government is formed. The Centre should take a decision, otherwise the alleged horse-trading will continue," the bench remarked.
AAP leader and former Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal was present in court during the hearing. Referring to the CD, AAP counsel and senior advocate Fali Nariman accused the BJP of indulging in "horse-trading". The AAP has accused Delhi BJP vice-president Sher Singh Dagar and his party colleague Raghuvir Dahiya of offering money to AAP MLA Dinesh Mohania to defect.
Read: AAP releases 'bribe video' , BJP denies poaching charges
Justice Lodha commented: "Why we call this horse-trading? Why not man's trading? May be it is because of the fact that horses are costlier than men," quipped one of the other judges.
The bench, however, told Narasimha that government formation was in the interest of everybody. "How much time do you require?" the bench asked, insisting on a time-frame.
The ASG did not give any assurance, saying the matter was before the President for his consideration. He demanded dismissal of the AAP's petition. Narasimha also opposed AAP's placing the CD. "Petitioner (AAP) is a political party which is participating in the very political process as such has an agenda. In such a situation, the court will not be drawn into such a process," he said.

India needs USD 4.7 trn investments over next 5 years for 7% growth: StudyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

ABB India surges after parent s buyback planThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

MMTC floats 10 000 tonnes rice import tenderMMTC floats 10,000 tonnes rice import tender
Reuters
Tweet
NEW DELHI, Sept 9:  
India's state-run trader MMTC Ltd floated a tender on Tuesday to import 10,000 tonnes of rice for delivery in the eastern state of Mizoram.
India, the world's second biggest rice producer, has huge surplus stocks. Imports are sometimes required because of poor transportation links to ship grain to interior areas in northeast India, said a trade source.
The state trader is seeking 25 per cent broken white rice supply from overseas sellers for delivery between October 15 to November 15, the statement said. Bids close on September 23.
On Monday, another state-run trader, State Trading Corp., floated a similar tender to import 25 per cent broken white rice for delivery in the eastern state of Manipur.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Kerala tourists stranded in J&K to be airliftedKerala tourists stranded in J&K to be airlifted
PTI
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 9:  
Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy has deputed Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala to coordinate efforts to bring home Keralites stranded in flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir.
Chennithala would be co-ordinating the arrangements for bringing over 100 Malayalis to New Delhi by flight from Srinagar, Chandy said here today.
After airlifting them to Delhi, the State Government would make arrangements for their home-bound journey. The state’s Resident Commissioner in the national capital had been asked to take necessary steps to help them, he said in a release.
Chandy had yesterday written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi seeking the Centre’s help to airlift Keralites stranded in Jammu and Kashmir. They had gone there as tourists in different batches.
A control room had been opened at the Kerala House in New Delhi to assist the relatives of those stranded in Jammu and Kashmir.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Crude oil futures jump to Rs 5 632 per barrelCrude oil futures jump to Rs 5,632 per barrel
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 9:  
Crude oil futures rose 0.77 per cent to Rs 5,632 per barrel today as speculators created fresh positions amid a mixed trend in Asia.
On the Multi Commodity Exchange, crude oil for delivery in September traded higher by Rs 43 or 0.77 per cent to Rs 5,632 per barrel with a business turnover of 3,542 lots.
The oil for delivery in October also moved up by Rs 34 or 0.61 per cent to Rs 5,627 per barrel, with a business volume of 289 lots.
Analysts attributed the rise in crude oil futures to a mixed trend in Asia due to concerns over fragile demand, flush global supplies and a surging US dollar.
Meanwhile, West Texas Intermediate crude for October delivery rose 33 cents to $92.99 a barrel, while Brent North Sea crude for October fell nine cents to $100.11 in late-morning trade on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Tata Groups  Jaguar targets women  young drivers with its cheapest carBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Online retailers to woo customers with eye-popping deals this DiwaliAmazon
(Online retailers have…)
BANGALORE: Online retailers, from biggies such as Flipkart and Amazon to niche players like FabFurnish and Bluestone, have lined up special catalogues, exclusive products, offers, contests and discounts to ensure a cracker of a Diwali season, with an eye on first-time shoppers.
Fashion portal Myntra will offer more than 5,000 new products across top brands like FCUK, UCB , Elle, SuperDry, Biba, FabIndia and Antony Moratto for the first time online, while online marketplace Snapdeal.com is working with brands across categories like fashion, electronics and home products to put together a special Diwali catalogue that will be out in the next few days.
Market leader Flipkart will put up exclusive products and offer heavy discounts while rival Amazon.in may introduce drone delivery in the country, as Diwali season is when most number of Indians try out online shopping for the first time. The four to five weeks until Diwali brings the largest sales spike for online sites.
"For online retailers, you can say that the financial cycle is Diwali to Diwali," said Saurabh Srivastava, director at advisory firm PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) India .
"Every project cycle and launch that an etailer works on during the year is geared only towards Diwali." Srivastava said sales jump during this season can be double the regular daily order size. Sandeep Komaravelly, senior vice president of marketing at Snapdeal, said that unlike offline, Diwali momentum does not taper off in online retail after the festival.
"New customers who have tried online shopping for the first time during the festival season continue to do so even afterwards," he said. No wonder then that portals big and small are going all out to woo new customers, backed by large marketing campaigns.
"For large e-tailers the marketing budgets will be as high as 10% of overall costs," said PwC's Srivastava. Even niche jewellery site Bluestone has set aside Rs 6 crore for advertisement and marketing for the festive season. It will launch a consultancy feature for Diwali that will suggest jewellery items based on the user's face, hair style and likes.
The typical Diwali shopping season starts from third week of September and goes on until Bhai Dooj, two days after Diwali. The online retail industry has grown rapidly in the past few years. While the overall industry was at $1 billion (Rs 6,000 crore) a couple of years ago, just the top three marketplaces in the country—Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon—are estimated to cross $4 billion (Rs 24,000 crore) in sales this fiscal.
Ganesh Subramanian, chief operating officer at Bangalore-based Myntra, which was acquired by Flipkart earlier this year, said it's setting up a special Diwali store on its site. The company has started a new warehouse in Gurgaon in time for the peak shopping period.
"We expect a lot of interest from tier-II and III cities and towns thanks to mobile. At least one out of two orders will be through mobile," he said. Myntra is targeting sales of Rs 2,000 crore this fiscal.
Flipkart plans a single-day big-bang sale a few days before Diwali with new and exclusive products at big discounts, said a person with direct knowledge of the site's Diwali plans. It will also launch exclusive brand partnerships—around one a week—as part of its Diwali line up.
"The company is expecting the largest sales in its seven years of existence," said the person who did not wish to be identified. Flipkart declined to participate in this story. Samir Kumar, director of category management at Amazon India, said the portal will have exclusive launches and innovative gifting options. Amazon could also do drone deliveries in India during the period, as reported earlier by ET. The company declined to speak on this.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sexiest photos of Indian TV bahus!Photo uploaded by Nina S
on Nov 18, 2012 , 10:57 am
44490 Views  |  3  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Shveta might not have played a leading bahu in TV soaps but she has been one of the popular faces on TV.       Image courtesy: Procured via Google Search
Shveta might not have played a leading bahu in TV soaps but she has been one of the popular faces on TV.       Image courtesy: Procured via Google Search

Tibet should be a core issue for IndiaUpdated: September 9, 2014 11:41 IST
'Tibet should be a core issue for India'
Suhasini Haidar
The Hindu Tibetan Prime Minister-in-Exile Lobsang Sangay. File Photo: Sandeep Saxena
TOPICS
politics
The Hindu's exclusive interview with Dr. Lobsang Sangay, Sikyong or Leader of the self-styled "Tibetan Parliament in-exile"
You are known as the Sikyong…the head of the so-called Tibetan government in exile. But are you actually recognised by any government?
No we don’t have recognition. When we travel, people meet us because they want to. Even when I travel to the US for example, it’s not like we are welcomed to the State department, or met formally. We follow the norm that we meet with those who would like to meet us, and don’t complain about those who don’t. Because given a choice we would like to believe that they too would like to meet us. There’s no formal recognition, but the US has passed a Tibet act, under which Tibet is recognised as an issue and the executive is expected to promote dialogue between the Chinese government and the envoy of the Dalai Lama. And several resolutions have been passed in the US congress, the European parliament, French, Italian. At the people’s level, there is recognition, if not at the formal level, but we are received even though there is no formal recognition.
In fact you were one of the chosen invitees at Prime Minister Modi’s swearing-in ceremony, which caused a controversy, and China sent a demarche on that. How did that happen?
Well I believe the Taiwanese representative was also there..
The Taiwanese trade representative, yes
Well I just happened to be one of the 5,000 invitees, and it was a privilege. And I also thought as someone who has been born and brought up in India, this was one of the first public ceremonies for me, and I thought it would be auspicious if I go there. When I showed my invitation I was shown to my seat in the front, and then Tibetans who saw me on TV started circulating the picture, that became an issue, and the Chinese government issued a demarche.
Did the government contact you about that demarche?
No!
Even so, what it seems to indicate, along with the presence of senior BJP leaders at your conferences, that there is a special closeness between your administration and the BJP…
Whichever party has come to power in Delhi, whether it is Congress, BJP, Third front, there is a history of looking at Tibet from a traditional closeness, and from a geo-strategic angle. For the BJP, given that it is a Hindu party, there is also the significance of the Mount Kailash base and Mansarovar, so the cultural affinity to Tibetans is there.
Given that, what are the hopes of the Tibetan administration from this new government?
China says Tibet is a core issue, and for India and South Asia as a whole, Tibet should be a core issue, and the recognition of that is important. Our hope has always been that any Indian government should press on the Chinese government to resolve the issue peacefully through dialogue. Our stand has been the Middle Away approach, to seek autonomy within the framework of the Chinese constitution and within China.
PM Modi has made it clear that relations with China hold a very high place for him. Within six weeks of taking over there have been four high level meetings- over the President-PM, Vice-Presidents, Foreign Ministers, Army Chiefs. Does that convey that they perhaps will not offend China in any way by speaking about Tibet?
As far as Tibetans are concerned, we welcome any positive contact between India and China, and for India to have good relations with all countries, so in that sense, we don’t want to be an obstacle in those relations. What Tibetans propose is a ‘win-win’ solution for China and India. The Middle Way is that, and it should in no way offend the Chinese government. We are not challenging the sovereignty or integrity of China, which they say is of paramount importance. We have implemented their concerns, and all we ask is that they implement their own laws. This is as moderate as we can get. We want to end the repression of Tibetans and give them autonomy, and we will not seek separation from China. Chinese propaganda says the Dalai Lama is demanding one fourth of China, but all we are saying is that Tibetan prefectures already demarcated by the Chinese.
And how do you respond to criticism from those in the community who say that you have compromised on Tibetan principles by accepting Chinese sovereignty?
In any kind of conflict, short of war, everything has to be a compromise. Nelson Mandela spent so many years, but compromised- while he got voting rights for all, he didn’t change landholding, or get more representation for his people. Mahatma Gandhi fought for freedom and also accepted partition, the Good Friday agreement, and Aceh autonomy, were all examples of compromise.
India has made it clear on other issues, like Jammu and Kashmir, that there will be no re-drawing of borders….
We are not asking for a re-drawing of borders, but an administrative mechanism for the Tibetan Autonomous Region. Also under Chinese law it says Tibetan language should be encouraged, both as an official language and as a medium of instruction. But even Tibet University, schools are all in Chinese. If you look at the administration, of the 15 members of the party politburo, 9 are Chinese, 2 more are half-Chinese. Party secretary has never been a Tibetan. As per 2002 survey in China, in the communist party of the TAR, 49% were Chinese. Since then that number has increased. 70% of restaurants, shops, taxi licenses are given to Chinese in Lhasa, 50% of the party membership, 40% of high school graduates are unemployed. This isn’t autonomy.
Given that situation, how hopeful are you of a resumption of talks of which nine rounds were held before they broke in 2010?
One should always be hopeful. Hope based on our own commitment, and I am sure the younger generation of Tibetans, who are protesting silently, peacefully will carry that commitment. Also the new generation of Chinese leaders…President Xi Jinping especially may decide to take another look at Tibet, since their policies don’t seem to have resolved the issue. President Xi’s father Xi Zhongxun in particular had a relationship and understanding of the Tibet issue. He has met with the Dalai Lama, and was very close to the Panchen Lama, and he wrote his biography. Hope that had some influence on his son. Xi Zhongxun was one of the most liberal leaders, and we have hopes from the son, Xi Jinping. It is still to seen if the son will have learned from the father. Hopefully he will review. He has shown boldness on corruption, in politics, hope he shows boldness on Tibet too.
The Dalai Lama is now approaching 80 years…isn’t it a cause for worry, just given his age, health concerns, that there is no succession plan in place?
Well the reason we are not worried is because of how robust and healthy he is, we would like to believe he will live to at least 113, the longest any lama has lived! Having said that he put out a document in 2011 on the selection of the next Dalai Lama, and said he will deal with that question at the age of 90. Also we now have a democratic system, and he has bestowed all political powers on the Sikyong (Dr. Sangay himself). So in a sense, he has already begun that process.
What about the future of the Tibetan movement in India…will it stick to non-violence, given the increase in immolations and protests?
Non-violence is an uncompromising part of our way. This will always be our official policy. At the local level, some amount of anger and tension may be expected. But Tibetans in India have always been law-abiding and peaceful. Because India has done the most for Tibetans, so we are eternally grateful. We must remember we are guests, and behave as honourable guests. In China, Tibetans are less than half a percent of the Chinese population….so non-violence isn’t just wise, it is the most logical policy to have. Even when you speak of the self-immolations, not a single Chinese person or property has been harmed. These Tibetans are dying violent deaths, but it is not a violent act, as no one else is hurt.

Probe report on Saradha scam submitted to GovtHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Probe report on Saradha scam submitted to Govt
PTI
Prosecution proceedings expected to commence soon
New Delhi, Sept 9:  
Completing its over a-year-long probe into the Saradha scam, the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) has submitted its final investigation report to the Government, which may soon start prosecution proceedings for numerous serious violations found during investigations.
The scam, wherein lakhs of investors in West Bengal and neighbouring States were defrauded of thousands of crores through illegal money pooling activities, came to light early last year and has also had its political ramifications.
Sources said the final report, submitted by SFIO to the Corporate Affairs Ministry, has listed violations of many provisions of the companies law by various entities.
The Ministry is looking into the report and prosecution proceedings are expected to start soon under the Companies Act, they added.
According to sources, the findings of the SFIO probe are also being shared with CBI, which has also been probing the case, while matters pertaining to collective investment schemes are being referred to the capital markets regulator SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) for further action.
SEBI had passed an order against Saradha Realty in April last year, soon after massive protests by public investors began in West Bengal. The company was asked by SEBI to refund investors’ money, among other strictures.
In the wake of public protests, the Ministry also asked SFIO in April 2013 to probe the case. The agency, which looks into white collar crimes and violations of the companies law, investigated more than 60 companies in this regard.
The probe agency had questioned many people, including suspended Trinamool Congress leader Kunal Ghosh. Saradha Group chief Sudipta Sen is behind bars. An interim report was submitted by SFIO in September 2013.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

China main share index ends flat on economic worriesChina main share index ends flat on economic worries
Reuters
Tweet
SHANGHAI, Sept 9:  
China's main share index ended flat on Tuesday, following a six-day gaining streak, on expectations that data this week will add to worries over the economy.
Inflation, industrial output and retail sales figures are due on Saturday. Analysts said trade data, released on Monday, reinforced views that the domestic economy was slowing.
The Shanghai Composite Index finished flat at 2,326.53 points after closing at its highest level since March on Friday. The Shanghai markets were closed on Monday for the Mid-Autumn Festival.
The CSI300 of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings was down 0.2 percent after hitting a nine-month closing high on Friday.
Financial shares were the biggest drags, falling 1.1 percent. Almost all banking and brokerage shares fell, with Bank of Beijing Co dropping 2.5 percent and Pacific Securities Co falling 2.5 percent.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

World Bank warns of global jobs crisisWorld Bank warns of global jobs crisis
PTI
Tweet
Sydney, Sept 9:  
The world is facing a global jobs crisis that is hurting the chances of reigniting economic growth and there is no magic bullet to solve the problem, the World Bank warned today.
In a study released at a G20 Labour and Employment Ministerial Meeting in Australia, the Bank said an extra 600 million jobs needed to be created worldwide by 2030 just to cope with the expanding population.
“There’s little doubt there is a global jobs crisis,” said the World Bank’s senior director for jobs, Nigel Twose.
“As this report makes clear, there is a shortage of jobs and quality jobs.
“And equally disturbingly, we’re also seeing wage and income inequality widening within many G20 countries, although progress has been made in a few emerging economies, like Brazil and South Africa.”
He said that overall emerging market economies had done better than advanced G20 countries in job creation, driven primarily by countries such as China and Brazil, but the outlook was bleak.
“Current projections are dim. Challenging times loom large,” said Twose.
The report, compiled with the OECD and International Labour Organisation, said more than 100 million people were unemployed in G20 economies and 447 million were considered “working poor”, living on less than US$2 a day.
It said despite a modest economic recovery in 2013—14, global growth was expected to remain below trend with downside risks in the foreseeable future, while weak labour markets were constraining consumption and investment.
The persistent slow growth would continue to dampen employment prospects, it said, and warned that real wages had stagnated across many advanced G20 nations and even fallen in some.
“There is no magic bullet to solve this jobs crisis, in emerging markets or advanced economies,” said Twose.
“We do know we need to create an extra 600 million jobs worldwide by the year 2030 just to cope with the expanding population.
“That requires not just the leadership of ministries of labour but their active collaboration with all other ministries — a whole of government approach cutting across different ministries, and of course the direct and sustained involvement of the private sector.”
In the face of below trend growth, Group of 20 leaders, who meet in Brisbane in November, have called for each member country to develop growth strategies and employment action plans.
They emphasised the need for coordinated and integrated public policies, along with resilient social protection systems, sustainable public finance and well—regulated financial systems.
“Coordinated policies in these areas are seen as the foundation for sustainable, job—creating economic growth,” the report said.
Earlier this year, G20 finance ministers and central bank governors meeting in Sydney agreed to work towards lifting their collective gross domestic product by more than two percentage points over the next five years.
However, an IMF report in July warned that the pledge could be wiped out by rising interest rates and weakening emerging economies.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Sensex down 89 points; IT  realty stocks major losersSensex sheds 55 points on profit booking
Our Bureau
Realty, IT stocks major losers
Mumbai, Sept 9:  
Sensex dipped by 55 points on profit booking.
The benchmark index opened marginally lower at 27,316 against the previous close of 27,320. It made a high of 27,328 and low of 27,177 before closing at 27,265. Turnover on BSE was down at Rs 3,427 crore against Rs 3,602 crore logged in on Monday.
On NSE, Nifty was down 21 points at 8,153.
Ashok Leyland jumped five per cent to Rs 41 after the company said it has bagged orders worth about Rs 1,500 crore to supply buses under JNNURM-II scheme.
Cipla gained two per cent to Rs 575. The company on Monday said it has entered into a commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. The collaboration will enable Cipla to focus on its core therapy areas, while S&D Pharma will be the key partner for generics, it said.
Most aviation stocks gain on consistent fall in crude oil prices. SpiceJet was up four per cent at Rs 14 while Jet Airways was up three per cent at Rs 224.
The major gainers were Ashok Leyland (5%), NHPC (5%), Idea Cellular (5%), Bhushan Steel (5%), Jain Irrigation (5%) and Wockhardt (4%).
Prominent losers were Sobha (-4%), Unitech (-3%), Torrent Power (-3%), Nalco (-3%), GSPL (-3%) and Bata India (-2%).
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Success mantra for holistic developmentBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Brown pledges Burns Night declaration© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/156366a0-3786-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinese premier Xi to visit India next week  Pakistan not in itineraryPrint
NSA Ajith Doval is in Beijing holding talks with the Chinese officials to finalise Xi's programme.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:06 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 1:07 pm
Chinese President Xi Jinping will visit India , Sri Lanka, Tajikistan and the Maldives from next week to bolster the country’s relations with South Asia and Central Asia.
Xi, also the general secretary of the ruling Communist Party of China, will attend a Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) summit and visit four countries later in September, Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang announced on Tuesday.
The President is scheduled to attend the 14th meeting of the Council of Heads of the SCO member states on Thursday and Friday in Dushanbe, the capital of Tajikistan, said Qin.
After the meeting, Xi will also pay state visits to Tajikistan, the Maldives, Sri Lanka and India at the invitation of counterparts — Tajik President Emomali Rahmon, Maldives President Abdulla Yameen, Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa and President Pranab Mukherjee, according to Qin.
Maldives was apparently included in Xi’s itinerary after the cancellation of his visit to Pakistan due to prevailing political situation there.
The dates for the visits to the subcontinent is yet to be announced.
National Security Advisor Ajith Doval is currently in Beijing holding talks with the Chinese officials to finalise Xi’s programme in India.

Are Salman Khan-Jacqueline Fernandez more than just good friendsSalman and Jacqueline hit it off during the filming of 'Kick'.
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:48 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 4:31 pm
Salman Khan and his ‘Kick’ ladylove Jacqueline Fernandez set tongues wagging with their increasing closeness during the promotions of the action flick.
According to a report in Mid-Day.com , the duo still shares a very close relationship and are said to be more than friends. Reportedly, Salman Khan dropped in on a good friend in the wee hours of the morning, accompanied by Jacqueline .
Salman and Jacqueline hit it off during the filming of ‘Kick’ and were seen looking extremely comfortable with each other at the trailer launch of the action flick. Regardless of the cameras snapping away, Jacqueline and Salman giggled away while whispering to each other. The actress was also pictured giving Salman a kiss.
Salman also made headlines when he revealed that Jacqueline was the first actress he would like to kiss onscreen.
Ladies Man Salman Khan has undoubtedly had his own share of romance. Salman’s sister Alvira is said to have fixed him up with Sangeeta Bijlani after her Miss India win in 1980. The duo parted ways in 90s but are known to share a special friendship.
Salman Khan was then known to be dating Somi Ali who he met through a common friend in 1993. However, rumours suggest that Somi was not too fond of Salman ‘s drinking and aggressive behavior. She split from the actor in 1999.
Salman Khan was then linked to none other than Former Miss World Aishwarya Rai. Their love story is one of the most-talked about and memorable one. The 21-year-old Aishwarya fell for Salman during the shooting of their hit film ‘Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam’ in 1999. However, after their split in March 2002, Aishwarya accused Salman Khan of harassing her and her family filed a police complaint against him.
He was also rumoured to have found love in Aishwarya-lookalike Sneha Ullal. But their relationship soon fizzled out. Next, came Salman’s much-talked about flame, Katrina Kaif. Though the duo never admitted to their relationship, Katrina was known to be very close to the Khan family as well. But they ended things in 2010 and continue to be friends, even co-starring in ‘Ek Tha Tiger’ after continued…

Rajinikanths Lingaa shoot reaches climaxThe shooting of superstar Rajinikanth's 'Lingaa', which is currently taking place in Shimoga district of Karnataka, has reached its final stages of completion. Some important stunts sequences involving Hollywood stunt choreographer Lee Whitaker are currently being shot.
Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:33 pm
The shooting of superstar Rajinikanth ‘s ‘ Lingaa ‘, which is currently taking place in Shimoga district of Karnataka, has reached its final stages of completion. Some important stunts sequences involving Hollywood stunt choreographer Lee Whitaker are currently being shot.
“We are currently shooting the climax sequences. Hollywood stuntman Lee Whitaker is busy canning some important action scenes in the climax. The film has come out very well,” a source from the film’s unit told IANS. (Read: Rajinikanth completes 4 decades in industry)
The crew of “Lingaa”, which is being directed by K.S. Ravikumar, has been shooting non-stop in Shimoga.
“We have shooting here for nearly two weeks now. The team is expected to take a break next week as Rajini sir and Ravi sir are likely to attend the audio launch of Shankar’s ‘Ai’,” the source added.
Recently, filmmaker Shankar landed on the sets of “Lingaa” to invite Rajinikanth and Ravikumar for the audio launch of his upcoming Tamil directorial “Ai”, scheduled to take place here Sep 15.
“Lingaa”, also starring Sonakshi Sinha and Anushka Shetty, features Rajinikanth in a dual role. The film is likely to release Dec 12, coinciding with the superstar’s birthday.
The team is expected to take a break next week as Rajini sir and Ravi sir are likely to attend the audio launch of Shankar's 'Ai'.

NDRF launches intensive relief operations in flood-hit Jammu & KashmirPrint
A total of 10,470 people have been rescued by the NDRF till now. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:31 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 12:46 pm
Two teams of NDRF equipped with 30 boats on Tuesday reached Srinagar as the force launched “intensive” operations to rescue people marooned and stranded by floods and rising waters.
National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) chief O P Singh said that 30 boats have been airlifted from Tamil Nadu’s Arrakonam and have reached Sringar today along with a 100 personnel strong contingent of the force to undertake and bolster the ongoing rescue operations.
“We are going to conduct intensive rescue operations from today. The fresh addition of men and material will aid our teams in rescuing more and more people stranded by floods ,” Singh said.
He said these teams will first be deployed to rescue people from Badamibagh area of Srinagar.
A total of 10,470 people have been rescued by the NDRF till now as over 150 boats and other critical equipment has been lowered down in the flood affected areas, he said.
The worst floods to hit the state in six decades have claimed nearly 200 lives.

Yusuf Pathan  3 others return from KKR campPrint
Yusuf Pathan along with Piyush Chawla, Manvinder Bisla and Kuldeep Yadav returned to the country after training in South Africa on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:27 pm | Updated: September 11, 2014 4:36 pm
In their quest to be battle-ready for the upcoming Champions League Twenty20, Kolkata Knight Riders sent four of their players — Yusuf Pathan, Piyush Chawla, Manvinder Bisla and Kuldeep Yadav — to Bloemfontein in South Africa for 15 days of training that included cycling, running and mountaineering.
Looking to carry on the momentum from the Indian Premier League triumph, KKR batsman Yusuf said the camp between August 20 and September 3 in the rainbow nation under renowned trainer Adrian Le Roux has helped them immensely to be in top shape during the off season.
“We trained hard during those 15 days. We used to go for outdoor cycling and mountaineering and for long treks. The gym sessions were also very good. So it was a complete fitness and endurance routine that helped us remain in great shape during our off season,” said Yusuf in an interview with PTI.
“It was good fun as well. We had a great time together.
All of us gelled well and made use of the opportunity. Though Piyush, Bisla and Kuldeep came back after 12 days I stayed on for 3 more days to complete a satisfying camp,” added Yusuf.
Yusuf, who last played a T20 for India against South Africa in March 2012, finished off a great season for the Gautam Gambhir-led KKR. The hard-hitting Baroda bomber smashed the fastest IPL fifty, in just 15 balls, to help the Shah Rukh Khan-owned unit stay second in the league stage and finally clinch its second title.
“We also had proper training in the indoor nets with the local players of ‘Knights’ club helping us with our drills. We batted, bowled and special emphasis was laid on the fielding department. It was a totally different culture there and we learnt different things. Inshallah everybody will see an improved Yusuf Pathan. We left on a good note in IPL this season and I wish to pick up from there when we take field in CLT20,” said Yusuf.
Initiated by KKR CEO Venky Mysore, the camp gave a nice opportunity for the four players to get a feel of world class training before the CLT20 and if Yusuf and Piyush honed their skills then Bisla and Yadav, who is a slow left-arm Chinaman bowler from Uttar Pradesh, got much-needed international exposure.
“It was Venky Mysore’s idea to keep the camp in the off season to provide the ultimate opportunity to these KKR players. It was certainly a great exposure for the players as it provided a perfect getaway to train in South Africa,” KKR Team Director Joy Bhattacharya told PTI.
“It was a nice off-season exercise for the players. It will certainly add to their resume and to train under top facilities in Bloemfontein under world class trainers like Adrian Le Roux is a great opportunity. And I am sure all these continued…

Saeed Ajmal suspended for illegal action: ICCAn independent panel found Saeed Ajmal's action illegal (Source: File)
Reuters | Dubai | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:10 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 3:35 pm
Pakistan off-spinner Saeed Ajmal has been banned from bowling for an illegal action, the International Cricket Council (ICC) said on Tuesday.
Currently the top-ranked bowler in one-day internationals, the 36-year-old spinner was reported for his dodgy action by the umpires after last month’s Galle Test against Sri Lanka and flew to Brisbane to undergo biomechanical Tests.
“…an independent analysis has found the bowling action of Pakistan’s off-spinner Saeed Ajmal to be illegal and, as such, the player has been suspended from bowling in international cricket with immediate effect,” the ICC said in a statement. (Also Read: Saqlain offers a helping hand)
Ajmal was also reported for a suspect action in 2009 before being cleared by the ICC.
While some suspected the off-spinner’s ‘doosra’ – the delivery that spins the other way – exceeded the permissible straightening of the elbow joint for bowlers, the ICC said all Ajmal deliveries breached the limit. (Also Read: PCB to appeal against Ajmal suspension)
“The analysis revealed that all his deliveries exceeded the 15 degrees level of tolerance permitted under the regulations,” the governing body said.
Ajmal, who has taken 178 wickets from 35 tests to go with 183 from 111 ODIs, can now apply for a re-assessment after modifying his bowling action.
While the ICC has denied asking match officials to be more vigilant about chucking, the renewed vigour in identifying bowlers with illegal actions has been evident.
Ajmal is among the four off-spinners to have recently been reported for a suspect action, along with Sri Lanka’s Sachithra Senanayake, New Zealand’s Kane Williamson and Zimbabwe all-rounder Prosper Utseya.

Shares of tyre companies surge upto 9% as rubber prices fall  auto sales see a pickupShares of tyre companies surge upto 9% as rubber prices fall, auto sales pick up
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 9, 2014, 12.41PM IST
Tags:
Auto sales
(The rubber prices have been…)
MUMBAI: Traders are taking fancy to shares of tyre manufacturers in a weak market on expectations that low rubber prices and pick-up in auto sales will boost profits and margins.
The rubber prices have been on a steady decline in line with other soft commodities. The prices are at four-year low and quoting at Rs 126 per kg.
According to analysts, the reason for sharp decline in prices has been due to cheaper imports. According to data from the Rubber Board, between April and July, 133,789 tonnes were brought into the country. This is for the first time that the import has crossed 100,000 tonnes in four months.
The global market is likely to see a surplus for another three years, causing gluts of 652,000, 483,000 and 316,000 tonnes in 2014, 2015 and 2016, respectively.
The pick-up in auto sales figures has also boosted sentiment in tyre companies . They also benefit from replacement market.
"Volumes across most auto segments and players were strong led by improving sentiment, low base and festive season led build up. While 2-wheelers and cars saw robust growth, MHCVs also saw growth this month, mainly on low base," said IDBI Capital report.
Analysts are of the view that one of the direct beneficiaries of domestic OEM recovery will be the tyre space.
"Tyre stocks are gradually making new highs, especially on the back of rubber prices being at new lows.The domestic price of rubber is below Rs 130 per kg. That gives you the confidence of improving gross margins in the forthcoming few quarters," said Basudeb Banerjee, Research Analsyt, Antique to ET Now.
"Definitely, with volume recovery aided by favourable raw material prices, all tyre stocks should continue to do well, which they have been for the past almost 12 months. Ceat gave us a splendid return in the past 12 months. We expect the other players like Balkrishna and JK Tyres to continue the same," he added.
Centrum Broking has retained Buy on MRF with a revised target price of Rs 31,700.
"Our confidence is driven by its ability to maintain better than industry growth and sustain strong margin profile as seen in the past few quarters. Our recent interaction with dealers pointed to QoQ uptick in replacement demand in a few pockets," the report said.
"The recent correction in rubber prices and stable pricing scenario in the replacement market bode well for margins across players," the report added.
Quantum Securities is of the view that decline in rubber prices have led to improvement in J K Tyres's profitability of the Indian operations both sequentially as well as on a Y-o-Y basis.
"JK Tyre reported significant improvement in replacement demand over the past two months and expects H2FY15 to be significantly better. Mexican operations are also expected to improve its performance going forward," the report said.
The brokerage has 'Accumulate' rating on the stock with price target of Rs 313.
According to Microsec report, Apollo Tyres, Ceat Tyres, MRF and J K Tyres are likely to benefit from decline in prices.
"JK Tyres, being least expensive in the sector, may outperform in the short term," the report said.
At 12:20 p.m.; Ceat was up 4.28 per cent. It rallied 9 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 848.90.
J K Tyre was at Rs 380, up 2.56 per cent. It surged 5.68 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 391.55.
GoodYear was at Rs 647.50, up 2.51 per cent. It advanced 4.96 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 663.
Apollo Tyres was at Rs 213.75, up 1.96 per cent. It gained 3.83 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 217.70.
MRF was at Rs 29,925, up 1.14 per cent. It moved 2.3 per cent high to touch intraday high of Rs 30,289.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Saeed Ajmal suspended after bowling action found illegalThe International Cricket Council on Tuesday confirmed that an independent analysis has deemed the bowling action of Pakistan’s off-spinner Saeed Ajmal illegal and, as such, the player has been suspended from bowling in international cricket with immediate effect.
 
The analysis revealed that all his deliveries exceeded the 15 degrees level of tolerance permitted under the regulations.
 
Saeed, who was reported after the first Test match against Sri Lanka in Galle last month, can apply a re-assessment after he has modified his bowling action in accordance with clause 2.4 of the Regulations for the Review of Bowlers Reported with Suspected Illegal Bowling Actions.
 
The analysis was performed on 25 August by the ICC’s accredited team of Human Movement Specialists using the National Cricket Centre in Brisbane.

JMT Auto changes registered office addressSep 09, 2014, 01.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
JMT Auto changes registered office address
JMT Auto Ltd has informed BSE that the Registered Office of the Company has been shifted from Kolkata to New Delhi with effect from September 04, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JMT Auto changes registered office address
JMT Auto Ltd has informed BSE that the Registered Office of the Company has been shifted from Kolkata to New Delhi with effect from September 04, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
JMT Auto Ltd has informed BSE that the Registered Office of the Company has been shifted from Kolkata to New Delhi with effect from September 04, 2014.The new address of the Registered Office is:JMT Auto Ltd3- LS C Pamposh Enclave, Guru Nanak Mrkt, Opp L. S. C. Market, New Delhi - 110048Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Results for the 3-days and 14-days term repo auctions held on September 9  2014 (Revised)Sep 09, 2014, 12.55 PM IST  | Source: RBI
Results for the 3-days and 14-days term repo auctions held on September 9, 2014 (Revised)
Results for the 3-days and 14-days term repo auctions held on September 9, 2014 (Revised)
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Results for the 3-days and 14-days term repo auctions held on September 9, 2014 (Revised)
Results for the 3-days and 14-days term repo auctions held on September 9, 2014 (Revised)
Post your opinion here

PM s U.S. visit aimed at taking India forward on path of progress: BJPThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Stung by AAP sting operation  BJP serves showcause on Sher Singh DagarThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

TCS at new high on retaining FY15 outlook; analysts bullishThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Centre favours cancellation of coal blocks allocations declared illegal by SCThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India Loses More Forest Rangers than Any Other CountryThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Some Pakistani traders await visa to participate at crafts bazaarThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rs 14 lakh looted from traderThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Adani  gmr may benefit from govt`s coal giveaways but coal india to be...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Head pls follow me... there are times when i want to pm u...86 Followers
Dear Vijay my friend,
The most important thing is to ensure that we do our homework properly.. If the analysis is correct about a share then the returns will be good... Rest is all patience.. If you are convinced the story is good then nothing should deter your decision making.. For you this share has gone the full cycle so you know better about this share than anybody here.. I have seen you here since 2009 or so .. isnt it..You have waited for 5 years ..wait for few more..
The most important thing is that the CDR gets functional soon and the captive power kicks in... These two things will rerate Rohit.. Also we have not seen anything bad being done by promoters all these years..so their credibility is ok.. they alloted themselves at high price so they know the worth of their company...
Iron ore prices are falling and will continue to fall so their margins should improve going forward..If India is to transformed into a super power then it cant do without steel n cement..So dont give up.. Remember its darkest before the dawn..N the dawn is coming soon..
Regards

Don`t make new position if you have position sell and exit from this c...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

ABB woos shareholders with $4 bn buyback  trims sales targetsABB woos shareholders with $4 bn buyback, trims sales targets
Reuters
Tweet
LONDON, Sept 9:  
Swiss engineering group ABB said it would buy back $4 billion of shares, offering a sweetener to investors after a series of problems at its power systems unit and in the face of sluggish economic growth.
The Zurich-based firm's Chief Executive Ulrich Spiesshofer is presenting his new strategy and financial targets exactly one year since taking over from predecessor Joe Hogan.
ABB India shares surge after parent's buyback plan
Spiesshofer, a former management consultant, has spent the past 12 months scrutinising ABB's businesses and selling off non-core units. He said ABB was passing on the fruits of that "pruning" to shareholders through the share buyback programme.
"It is a strong vote of confidence in the future growth potential of ABB," Spiesshofer said in a statement ahead of ABB's capital markets day in London on Tuesday.
Besides offering to buy back shares, the company also trimmed its medium-term sales forecasts on Tuesday.
The Swiss group makes products from industrial robots to transformers for power grids. It is banking on higher demand for its wares as rising wage costs make labour-saving technologies more attractive and governments replace aging power networks.
But ABB's performance has been dogged this year by problems at its power systems unit, which makes kit for power generation, transmission and distribution, and has faced costly delays.
For the 2015-2020 period, ABB said it now expected sales to grow 4-7 per cent per year on a like-for-like basis and is aiming for an operational EBITA margin corridor of 11 to 16 per cent.
The new goals replace a medium-term annual sales growth target of 5.5-8.5 per cent and an operational EBITDA margin target of 13-19 per cent for the 2011-2015 period.
ABB said approximately three quarters of the $4 billion buyback program would be used to reduce share capital, while the remainder would be used to support employee share programmes.
The company's shares rose sharply in early trading on the share buyback, according to dealers. At 0709 GMT, the stock was 2.5 per cent higher, outpacing a 0.3 percent rise in the wider European sector.
ABB announced steps designed to strengthen collaboration between its five business units. It said it would reorganise its regional structure to focus on three large regions: Asia, Europe, and Middle East and Africa.
The Swiss group is also looking to expand its service and software offering to help increase market share. In 2011, ABB bought Australian software firm Mincom, having previously spent more than $1 billion on U.S. software firm Ventyx.
ABB said it expected earnings per share (EPS) growth at a compound annual growth rate of 10 to 15 per cent and to deliver attractive cash returns on investment (CROI) in the mid-teens. The new financial targets will take effect from Jan. 1.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Googles rivals turn up heat on EU probeBrussels rejects Google’s antitrust settlement offer
By Alex Barker in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7efe976c-6971-11e3-89ce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Motorola unveils new Moto G  Moto X and Moto 360 smartwatch in IndiaPrint
The Moto G (2nd Gen) 16 GB is priced at Rs. 12,999 and will be available at Flipkart from midnight onwards while the Moto X and Moto 360 will be available later this month.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 6:05 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 8:20 pm
Motorola is back with its all new Moto X and Moto G smartphones along with its Android Wear powered Moto 360 smartwatch in India. Motorola has partnered exclusively with Flipkart and will offer these devices on Flipkart only.
The Moto G (2nd Gen) 16 GB is priced at Rs. 12,999 and will be available at Flipkart from midnight onwards while the Moto X and Moto 360 will be available later this month. “The new Moto G, Moto X and Moto 360 will be available only on Flipkart and we are not looking forward to sell them through physical retail stores,” said Amit Boni, General Manager, Motorola India.
(L-R )Moto G (2nd Gen) and Moto X (2nd Gen)
 
Motorola claims to offer better features at an attractive price with the launch of its new generation of Moto smartphones.
Moto G
The Moto G (2nd Gen) 16 GB comes in two colour options- white and black. Sporting a 5-inch 720p HD IPS display at 294 ppi with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection, the smartphone features an 8 MP rear snapper along with a 2 MP front camera which shoot 720p HD videos. The  Moto G (2nd Gen) 16 GB is powered by a 2070 mAh battery.
Running on Android 4.4.4 KitKat operating system, the smartphone houses a 1.2 Ghz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor with Adreno 305 450 MHz GPU and 1 GB RAM.
The Moto G (2nd Gen) 16 GB is a dual SIM smartphone which supports up to 32 GB of external storage via microSD card.
Moto X
The Moto X (2nd Gen) 16 GB sports a 5.2-inch 1080p Fulll HD display at 423 ppi with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection.
Based on a 2.5 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 (MSM 8974-AC)  CPU with Adreno 330 579 MHz GPU and 2 GB RAM, the smartphone mounts a 13 MP rear camera and a 2 MP front camera with support for 1080p videos.
Powered by a 2300 mAh battery, the device runs on Android 4.4.4 KitKat OS and comes with NFC and supports 4K UHD video recording.
Moto 360
The Moto 360 looks like a premium watch made out of stainless steel and leather wrist band. Powered by Android Wear OS, the device is compatible with all smartphones running Android 4.3 or higher.
It has a 1.5-inch round dial and has a display resolution of 320 x 290 pixels at 205 ppi. The Backlit LCD is protected with Corning Gorilla Glass 3. It weighs just 49 grams and comes with 320 mAh battery.
The smartwatch is water resistant and has 4 GB of internal storage and 512 MB RAM and is based on TI OMAP 3 processor. The device comes with a Pedometer that counts the number of steps the user takes and also comes with a optical heart rate monitor.
Motorola is not keen on launching an 8GB version of the smartphones.

I am a MalayaliUpdated: September 5, 2014 19:49 IST
‘I am a Malayali’
The Hindu The Malayali presents a ubiquitous blend that lends generously for caricature. Photo: Thulasi Kakkat
TOPICS
lifestyle and leisure
Yohan Chacko shares his thoughts on his people on the occasion of Onam.
The Malayali evokes many an image when thought of, thanks to clichéd portrayals that one comes across in the movies and print. Coming from a state that has the unique distinction of being the first in the world to freely elect a Communist government and the first in the country to declare 100 per cent literacy, the Malayali presents a ubiquitous blend that lends generously for caricature. To most what comes to mind is a coconut oil eating, curly haired, lungi-clad, highly-educated Marxist who loves his fish as much as he loves his alcohol. Just like everything in Nature, the precept of the Malayali has changed over the decades, however some things remain constant. When I embarked on writing this piece, I asked some of my non-Malayali friends to give me words that they thought fit the word ‘Malayali’. The ones that caught my interest were Greenery, Education, Language, Water and Onam.
Nature has provided for the Malayali’s needs in abundance. Verdant rolling hills, lush fertile plains, rivers that run through the year and beaches that dot an entire state border bear testament to that fact. The language of the Malayali rolls over his tongue like a bag of marbles in a bowl of gelatin but is sweet to the ear. In fact communication in Kerala has evolved to such an extent that it is quite possible for two Malayalis to have an entire conversation without saying a single word. Hand gestures, posturing and monosyllabic grunts have found its way into the day-to-day Malayalam lexicon. With the advent of the British Raj, the Malayali was forced to make peace with a foreign language that came along its shores. It was taught like the mother tongue without any change in intonation, enunciation or punctuation which is why the Malayali speaks English like Malayalam.
History tells us that unlike other states of India, Kerala saw little of wars and was blessed with kings who allowed the fine arts to flourish alongside overseas trade. One aspect of the fine arts that has developed greatly is the ability to make others laugh. Humour comes naturally to a Malayali. A review of Malayalam comedy forms from stand-up to films reveals the intellectual nature of this rib-tickling humour. A few keystrokes and one can find a veritable hoard of ‘mallu-jokes’. On a recent search I came across a wonderful sketch on YouTube called ‘Sab Malayalee Hai’. The protagonist explains in heavily-accented ‘mallu’ Hindi how famous people in the world from Barack Obama to ‘Hussain’ Bolt are Malayalis. Continuing in a humorous vein I decided to look at Malayali stereotypes and see how many I could come up with.
The Malayali man at home is the king of the jungle. He roars incessantly, sometimes pointlessly while the female of the species does all the work. His long sentences are prefixed with ‘Edi’. He struts proudly, and is fond of the thickness of his moustache. He is a social animal and loves his siesta. The Malayali woman at home is the lioness. Protective of her young she secretly dreams about how much dowry her son will get her once he has settled in the ‘Gelf’. There are two types of Malayalis in office. One who is conscious about the English he speaks and thereby remains silent in most discussions and the other who is the exact opposite. This Malayali will partake in discussions enthusiastically completely oblivious of his peculiar accent. Both these types however have one thing in common. They belong to the same gang that seems to mysteriously form in any office that employs more than three Malayalis.
A Malayali in college knows not the meaning of extremes and I shall not elaborate further on that. Slick hair, combed back like a Roman helmet. The coolest gadgets and the coolest bikes are all part of his arsenal. Despite this outward show of macho-ness he gets tongue tied and all wobbly in the presence of a beautiful classmate.
The ‘Gelf’ Malayali has evolved through time. From RayBan wearing and ‘two-in-one’ toting he now brings down perfumes, chocolates and Scotch whisky, the standard returning-home-on-a-holiday gifts. He longs to return to his hometown so that he can trade his pants for a lungi or kailee but after a month of being at home he yearns to go back.
The foreign Malayali (read western) flaunts his over-enunciated English at every given opportunity. His gifts are usually Nike T-shirts and Reebok shoes. He too will shed his pants for a lungi/kailee the moment he hits God’s own country.
The kids of the foreign Malayali speak flawless English and a peculiar English-accented Malayalam that has earned them the title of ‘Pseudo mallu’. They can’t for the life of them understand why they have to remember the names of all the appachens, ammachis, appapens, and kochammas every time they visit their ancestral home. And quake when they are asked questions in Malayalam by all of the above-mentioned members of the extended family. The ammachi is a portrait of innocence in this world of evolving English. She is universally loved and will always ask you if you remember her. She can’t get her head around the most basic of technological marvels and is firmly against all this ‘jenk food’. She will hug you when you arrive and sniff in your ear when you have to say goodbye.
And finally the drunk Malayali. He is facing extinction in his own State but until then let us cast him also in this essay. Tying and retying his lungi, each time a notch higher lets you know how many pegs he has downed by the level of the knot. At the pinnacle of intoxication the knot will be placed one palm’s width below his armpit almost like a girl wearing a towel on her way to the river for a bath. And they will sing. And sing and sing. For the amount of coaxing they would otherwise need to get on a dance floor, the drunk Malayali will put Shakira to shame.
Despite the funny quirks in the Genus malayali there are also noble traits setting him apart from other Indians. He holds himself in high esteem. He has an overdeveloped sense of cleanliness and his civic sense is unparalleled. He is hard working when he is not ‘hardly working’ and is a consummate survivor, a trustworthy friend and a go-to person when the chips are down. I am a Malayali.
(The writer is a city-based dentist whose song ‘I Am Malayali’ went viral online. )

Shells rattle fragile Ukraine ceasefireRenewed shelling challenges Ukraine ceasefire
By Geoff Dyer in Washington and Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c13a5d44-366e-11e4-85be-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Satyam Scam: Tribunal Stays Sebi Penalty on Raju  4 OthersTata Motors to Treble Commercial Vehicle Exports by 2018-19
Mumbai: The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) on Monday stayed the Rs 1,849 crore penalty that the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) had slapped on founder-chairman of Satyam B Ramalinga Raju and four others, but upheld a ban on them from accessing the markets.
The tribunal posted the matter for further hearing in December, when it will decide whether to admit the pleas of the Raju brothers and others against the Sebi order.
The tribunal asked capital market regulator Sebi to explain why such a large amount was imposed as part of a disgorgement order and to file an affidavit stating its position by November 7. It also asked Mr Raju and four others named in the scam to file counter-affidavits by December 15.
The four others facing the prohibitory orders are Raju's brother B Rama Raju (the then managing director of Satyam), Vadlamani Srinivas (ex-chief financial officer), G Ramakrishna (ex-vice president) and V S Prabhakara Gupta (ex-head of internal audit).
Following the Sebi order, the Raju brothers had moved the SAT last Friday.
Sebi on July 15 this year barred Ramalinga Raju and the four others from accessing the market for 14 years and asked them to return Rs 1,849 crore in unlawful gains with 12 per cent interest, in total a disgorgement amount of over Rs 3,000 crore.
Sebi asked them to pay up within 45 days of the order, closing five-and-a-half year long probe into the country's biggest corporate fraud.
As per the Sebi order, the money was asked to be deposited with it within 45 days, while interest would be levied at 12 per cent per annum with effect from January 7, 2009, the day this scam to light through a letter written by Mr Raju himself.
In its 65-page order, Sebi said these five persons "have committed a sophisticated white collar financial fraud with pre-meditated and well thought of plan and deliberate design for personal gains and to the detriment of Satyam and investors in its securities".
The regulator, which had exercised the powers given to it through an Ordinance for passing disgorgement orders, further said "financial frauds as found in this case are inimical to the interests of the investors in securities and endanger the market integrity".
Later last month, a new law was notified to replace this Ordinance with Securities Laws Amendment Act, which has amended three key securities market Acts to grant greater powers to Sebi to take on fraudsters and other market manipulators.
Sebi whole-time member Rajeev Kumar Agarwal in his Satyam order said, "I am convinced this is a case where befitting enforcement action is necessary to send a stern message to the market to create an effective deterrence."
On January 7, 2009, Ramalinga Raju in his capacity as chairman had sent an email to Sebi, wherein he admitted and confessed to inflating the books of Satyam besides understating liabilities and other financial misstatements. After the fraud came to light, the government ordered auction of the company to protect investors and employees of the then fourth largest IT firm.
Satyam was later acquired by Tech Mahindra, and then renamed as Mahindra Satyam and was eventually merged with Tech Mahindra.
The 'unlawful gains' were made by Mr Raju, along with his family members and other accomplices, by selling or pledging company shares at inflated prices, which in turn was done by over-statement of bank balances, creation of fake customers, over-statement of revenues and under-statement of liabilities.
At the same time, the company's books were also manipulated by non-inclusion of certain receipts and payments, resulting into overall mis-statements to the tune of Rs 12,318 crore.
As per Sebi, the Raju brothers made unlawful gains of Rs 543.93 crore from the share sale and Rs 1,258.88 crore by pledging some shares.
Besides, Mr Srinivas, Mr Ramakrishna and Mr Gupta made "unlawful gains" worth Rs 29.5 crore, Rs 11.5 crore and Rs 5.12 crore, respectively through the share sale.
Ramalinga Raju and Rama Raju, being the chairman and managing director, respectively, of Satyam were 'insiders', while Mr Srinivas, Ramakrishna and Gupta being 'connected persons' were actively involved in the manipulation of books and misstating the financials.
"In this case, the noticees (Raju and others), apart from above contraventions, have failed to observe their fiduciary duties and have violated the principles of corporate governance in general and obligation of CEO/CFO certification stipulated in clause 49 of listing agreement, in particular," Sebi said in its order.
Trouble at Satyam erupted on December 16, 2008 when the software firm announced its intent to acquire a 51 per cent stake in Maytas Infra and a 100 per cent stake in Maytas Properties, promoted by Mr Raju's sons, Teja Raju and Rama Raju, for around $1.6 billion.
The deal was opposed by Satyam investors, forcing Mr Raju to call off the proposed deal within a day on December 17, 2008.
Then, on January 7, 2009, Mr Raju resigned from the Satyam board, saying he had falsified the earnings and assets of Satyam for years. His letter to the board said he tried to sell the two promoter-related firms to Satyam in a final attempt to plug "fictitious" cash on the company's balance sheet.
Soon after the fraud came to light, Mr Raju was arrested for a massive accounting fraud. He was granted bail in November 2011.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 20:41 (IST)

Regulators have not objected to Googles answersLast updated: September 5, 2014 10:13 pm
Regulators have not objected to Google’s answers
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ee8da9ea-334e-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Microsoft unveils new look for MSN in IndiaNew Delhi, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 8, 2014 23:53 IST
Microsoft unveils new look for MSN in India
Staff Reporter
AP Microsoft is giving its MSN news service a crisper look, new lifestyle tools and seamless syncing across devices.
TOPICS
technology (general)
Preview of the new MSN site will be available on Monday and the site will roll out more widely later this month.
Aiming to offer a comprehensive and seamless experience to users to access content via its website and apps across screens (PCs as well as mobiles) and operating platforms, software giant Microsoft on Monday unveiled the new look of its MSN website in India.
“Microsoft has re-written MSN from the ground up for a mobile, cloud first world. The new experience is available on the web and will soon be available across all major device platforms, including Windows, iOS and Android (operating systems),” Microsoft Advertising General Manager (Asia Pacific) Adam Anger told reporters here.
The preview in India had been made live for users starting Monday and Microsoft was inviting people to try out the new web experience, he said, adding they could also leave feedback on the site.
“The new MSN focuses on digital daily habits in people’s lives, helping them complete tasks on the web and across devices to keep users in the know wherever they are. They can access Outlook, OneDrive and many other services from one screen,” he said. MSN has partnered content providers such as The New York Times, The Guardian, Telegraph (U.K.), Le Figaro and Le Monde among others.
In India, the partners include Hindustan Times, NDTV, India Today, Indian Express and Network 18.
“For India, we have introduced two special segments — health and fitness and food and drink,” Microsoft India Head (MSN India) Sanjay Trehan said.

Investors on high alert over Scottish voteInvestors on high alert over Scottish independence referendum
By Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/7dd00a1a-3775-11e4-971c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US judges review insider trading lawUS judges review central element of insider trading law
By Kara Scannell in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/afb88786-ca3e-11e3-bb92-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The absurd scales of (insider dealing) justiceRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

China s central bank hikes Rmb as dollar risesAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Dollar Gains Ground on Yen  Japan Shares Test HighsYou are here: Home Market
Dollar Sweeps Higher, Japan Shares Shy From Peaks
Reuters | Updated On: September 09, 2014 11:49 (IST)
DLF Falls 3%, Real Estate Stocks Under Pressure
Sydney: The US dollar held on to broad-based gains in Asia on Tuesday in a boon for shares of Japanese exporters but a burden for oil, gold and stocks in the energy majors.
As the dollar finally broke to a six-year peak on the yen and a one-year top on the euro, Brent oil sank to 16-month lows while gold carved out a three-month trough.
A falling yen tends to be viewed as positive for Japanese exporters and corporate profits, and helped nudge the Nikkei to its highest close since January.
The broader Topix added 0.2 per cent but again failed to clear stiff resistance at this year's peak of 1,308.08. A break there would put it on ground last trod in July 2008.
According to Nomura Securities, a fall of 1 yen against the dollar boosts aggregate operating profits at Topix firms by 300 billion yen.
Markets elsewhere in the region were subdued, with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan down a slight 0.1 per cent.
Despite market concerns over China's economy, stocks there have been buoyed by talk of more stimulus and reform measures.
The CSI300 of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings edged higher on Tuesday having put in its best performance in a year last week with gains of almost 5 per cent.
Financial spreadbetters in Europe predicted opening losses of between 0.3 and 0.4 per cent for the FTSE 100, DAX and CAC 40.
On Wall Street, the Dow closed down 0.15 per cent, while the S&P 500 fell 0.31 per cent but the Nasdaq eked out a 0.2 per cent gain.
Energy led the decline, with the S&P energy index off 1.6 per cent and Exxon Mobil down 1.5 per cent.
Investors were eagerly awaiting the launch of new products by Apple later on Tuesday in a much-hyped event at Cupertino, California.
Apple has fed high expectations, with promises by executives that the company's best product pipeline in 25 years is being readied inside its secretive facilities.
Dollar Up, Pound Down
In currencies, the dollar index climbed as far as 84.496, bringing into view the July 2013 peak of 84.753. A break there will take it to highs not seen since July 2010.
Giving bulls encouragement was research from the San Francisco Fed which noted that investors are pricing in a lower trajectory for interest rates rises than members of the Fed itself are.
"The market's interpretation is that perhaps it had better re-price those expectations," said Emma Lawson, senior currency strategist at National Australia Bank.
As a result, yields on 10-year US Treasuries rose to 2.490 percent, up from a low of 2.3870 touched last Friday after the soft August payrolls report.
The greenback raced to a high of 106.33 yen, while the euro slumped to a low of $1.2868. Investors were already giving the common currency a wide berth after the European Central Bank surprised on Thursday with a fresh round of stimulus.
Sterling was nailed to 10-month lows after a second opinion poll found a marked increase in support for Scottish independence just 10 days before the country votes on whether to break away from the United Kingdom.
The TNS poll found support for independence had risen six points to 38 per cent, just a pip behind the 'No' camp at 39 per cent. That follows a YouGov poll that showed approval of independence at 51 per cent against the unity camp's 49 per cent, the first to find a majority for a 'Yes' vote.
The YouGov poll caused tremors in financial markets on Monday, knocking the pound lower and hurting stocks of companies with a large Scottish presence. Sterling was at a fresh trough of $1.6066 on Tuesday in Asia.
The gains for the dollar meant losses for commodities, with gold down at $1,255.40 an ounce after losing more than 1 per cent on Monday.
Brent crude oil eased another 24 cents to $99.96 per barrel, after slumping as far as $99.36 overnight, the lowest since May 2013. US crude managed a modest bounce of 25 cents to $92.91.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Rupee falls  tracks broad dollar rallyRupee extends losses as corporate dollar sales dry up
Reuters |  Sep 09, 2014 01:50 PM IST
The rupee extended losses to trade at 60.52/53 versus Monday's close of 60.29/30. Traders say dollar selling by corporates, seen earlier in the day, has dried up.
 
State-run banks are continuing to buy the greenback, likely on behalf of their importer clients.
 
Dollar scaled to a 14-month high against a basket of currencies after a Federal Reserve study made investors reassess prospects for higher US interest rates.
 
Index of the dollar against six majors is up 0.2%.
 
Traders expect resistance for the pair at around 60.55 levels.
 
Most Asian currencies are trading weaker compared with the dollar.
 

Amazon slashes Fire Phone price; $200 model now available for 99 centsSep 09, 2014 at 10:43am IST
Amazon slashes Fire Phone price; $200 model now available for 99 cents
54
4
New York: Amazon slashed the price of its Fire smartphone on Monday, a day before Apple is expected to unveil its latest version of the iPhone.
The online retailer said the Fire with 32 gigabytes of memory will now cost 99 cents when customers sign a two-year contract with AT&T. That's down from $199.
The phone with 64 gigabytes of memory will now cost $99 with a two-year contract, down from $299.
Amazon reduced the price of its Fire smartphone on Monday, a day before Apple is expected to unveil its latest version of the iPhone.
#amazon #fire phone #smartphones #amazon phone
Amazon said the phones will still come with unlimited cloud storage for photos and a free 12 months of Amazon Prime, the company's free shipping and video-streaming plan, which normally costs $99 a year.
The Seattle-based company began selling the phone in June through a preorder. Besides a possible new iPhone, the Fire is expected to face increasing competition this fall. Samsung unveiled two new phones last week that are set to go on sale in October.
Shares of Amazon.com fell $4.04, or 1.2 per cent, to close at $342.34 Monday.
125

Supreme Court issues notice to CBI chief on plea seeking his removalNew Delhi, September 9, 2014
Updated: September 9, 2014 14:09 IST
Supreme Court issues notice to CBI chief on plea seeking his removal
PTI
PTI The Supreme Court on Tuesday told CBI director Ranjit Sinha to file a response in 10 days on a plea seeking his removal from the post. File photo
TOPICS
court administration
A Supreme Court Bench headed by Chief Justice R.M. Lodha on Tuesday issued notice to CBI Director Ranjit Sinha on a plea seeking an SIT probe against him for allegedly protecting the accused in coal scam and to keep him away from the investigation and prosecution in the multi-crore scam.
Granting 10 days time to him to file his response to the allegations, the Bench, however, refused to pass any order for recusal of Mr. Sinha in the case.
The court posted the case for further hearing on September 19.
In the application filed in the court, NGO Common Cause had referred to reports about the entry register at Mr. Sinha’s residence containing names of “influential” persons allegedly involved in the coal scam.
It accused him of scuttling the probe in the “high magnitude” coal scam case, in which 20 FIRs for offences of corruption, cheating and criminal conspiracy have been lodged and two charge sheets filed in the trial court.

Apollo Tyres at record high  to set up new plant in HungarySep 09, 2014, 11.52 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Apollo Tyres at record high, to set up new plant in Hungary
According to the company, its project in Hungary involves investments of 442.2 million euros and is expected to create over 975 now jobs. It is to be carried out in Gyongyoshalasz, in Northern Hungary, the commission said in a statement.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Apollo Tyres at record high, to set up new plant in Hungary
According to the company, its project in Hungary involves investments of 442.2 million euros and is expected to create over 975 now jobs. It is to be carried out in Gyongyoshalasz, in Northern Hungary, the commission said in a statement.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Apollo Tyres are on a roll after hitting record high of Rs 217.70 per share, up 4 percent intraday on Tuesday. The tyre manufacture is setting up a new plant in Hungary at an investment of 442.2 million euros (about Rs 3,450 crore) and the investment aid given by the country's government has been cleared by European Commission. The stock has been on buyers’ radar for some days as rubber prices have seen sharpest decline in five years.
According to the company, its project in Hungary involves investments of 442.2 million euros and is expected to create over 975 now jobs. It is to be carried out in Gyongyoshalasz, in Northern Hungary, the commission said in a statement.
The European Commission has found that regional investment aid totalling 95.7 million euro to Apollo Tyres for the construction of a tyre plant in Gyongyoshalasz (Northern Hungary) is in line with EU state aid rules, it added.
Apollo Tyres spokesperson did not comment on the development.
According to European Commission, in June 2014, Hungary notified plans to support the construction of a new tyre plant with a direct grant of 48.2 million euros, an employment grant of 2.8 million euros and tax allowances of around 44.7 million euros.
"The state aid is granted in the framework of existing aid schemes but had to be notified to the Commission for individual assessment and clearance because of the high aid amount that carries a higher risk of distorting competition," the commission said.
In August Apollo Tyres had announced that it would invest euro 500 million on a greenfield facility in Eastern Europe. The company had envisaged an annual production capacity of 5.5 million units passenger car tyres and 6.75 lakh units passenger car tyres and 6.75 lakh units heavy commercial vehicle tyres.
The company decided to go ahead with the new plant in Eastern Europe after its failed USD 2.5 billion takeover os US-based Cooper Tire.
At 09:56 hrs, the stock was quoting at Rs 215.35, up Rs 5.70, or 2.72 percent on the BSE.
(With inputs from PTI)

Ashok Leyland at all-time high  bags orders for 4000 busesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Centre wants to cancel coal block allotments declared  illegalCentre wants to cancel coal block allotments declared illegal by apex court
PTI
Retention of 46 blocks, which are in operation or to be operated soon, should be considered, it said.
New Delhi, Sept 9:  
The Centre today favoured cancellation of coal blocks allocation which were declared as illegal by the Supreme Court.
"In sum and substance, cancellation of coal block allocation is a natural consequence,'' Centre told the apex court.
Retention of 46 blocks, which are in operation or to be operated soon, should be considered, it said.
Companies, who were allocated coal blocks, requested the apex court not to cancel the allocation without hearing them.
The Supreme Court in its ruling declared 218 coal-block allocations made between 1993 and 2010 as illegal and arbitrary.
A three-judge Bench consisting of Chief Justice RM Lodha and Justices Madan B Lokur and Kurian Joseph said: “The entire allocation of coal blocks as per recommendations made by the Screening Committee from July 14, 1993, in 36 meetings, and also the allocation made through the Government dispensation route, suffers from the vice of arbitrariness and legal flaws.”
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Watch: Shahid  Shraddhas passionate kiss in Khul Kabhi from HaiderPrint
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:53 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 1:08 pm
The third song from the much awaited movie – Haider – is out and the chemistry that the lead pair – Shraddha Kapoor and Shahid Kapoor – displays is something to look out for.
Soft romantic number ‘Khul Kabhi’ has Shahid and Shraddha moon and sing and take romance and intimacy to another level. The song opens with a passionate kiss between the lead pair.
‘Khul Kabhi’ is set in the beautiful locales and the snow-capped peaks of the beautiful Kashmir. Sung by Arijit Singh, the song is aesthetically and endearingly shot and the lead pair does full justice to it.
Based on Shakespeare’s “Hamlet”, ‘Haider’ is directed by Vishal Bharadwaj and is slated to release on October 2.

Government gets SFIO probe report on Saradha...Government gets SFIO probe report on Saradha scam; prosecution to start soon
ET Bureau Sep 10, 2014, 03.28AM IST
(In the scam, lakhs of investors…)
NEW DELHI: The Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) has submitted its final investigation report on the Saradha scam to the ministry of corporate affairs, listing violations of several provisions of the companies law by various entities following its probe lasting over a year after lakhs of investors in West Bengal and neighbouring states were defrauded of thousands of crores through illegal money pooling activities.
The findings of the SFIO probe are also being shared with Central Bureau of Investigation, officials said, adding that the ministry is looking into the report and prosecution proceedings are expected to start soon under the Companies Act. The ministry had ordered the investigation in April last year after a huge public outcry over the scam. In its interim report submitted last year, the SFIO had said that the companies under the scanner indulged in serious financial mismanagement besides siphoning off funds by promoters, who exploited regulatory gaps.
Saradha Group chief Sudipta Sen is is already behind the bars and as many as 14 Saradha group entities including Saradha Realty India, Saradha Agro Development, Saradha Exports, Saradha Construction Company and Saradha Garden Resorts and Hotels are under the scanner.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ICC suspends Pak off-spinner Ajmal for illeg...International cricket council
(The analysis of Ajmal's…)
DUBAI: The International Cricket Council (ICC) today suspended Pakistan off-spinner Saeed Ajmal, who is currently perched at the top of its ODI rankings , after his bowling action was found to be illegal following an independent analysis.
"The International Cricket Council today confirmed that an independent analysis has found the bowling action of Pakistan's off-spinner Saeed Ajmal to be illegal and, as such, the player has been suspended from bowling in international cricket with immediate effect," the ICC said in a statement.
The analysis of the 36-year-old's action revealed that all his deliveries exceeded the 15 degrees level of tolerance permitted under the regulations.
"Saeed, who was reported after the first Test match against Sri Lanka in Galle last month, can apply a re-assessment after he has modified his bowling action in accordance with clause 2.4 of the Regulations for the Review of Bowlers Reported with Suspected Illegal Bowling Actions," the ICC statement read.
The analysis was performed on August 25 by the ICC's accredited team of Human Movement Specialists at the National Cricket Centre in Brisbane.
Reported to match referee Andy Pycroft by on-field umpires Ben Oxenford and Ian Gould, Ajmal played the second match only to see his team lose the game and the series.
The venue and time of the analysis was decided in consultation with the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB).
Ajmal has played 35 Tests for Pakistan, grabbing 178 wickets. His ODI record stands at an impressive 183 wickets from 111 matches. His 63 T20 appearances have yielded 85 wickets.
He was first reported for a suspect action in 2009 -- his debut year -- but was cleared after tests at the University of Western Australia in Perth. The bowler was reported for his 'doosra'.
This time, the ICC changed its protocols for testing bowling actions reported by umpires and match referees and the tests were held in Brisbane.
Apparently, the change was made after too many bowlers were cleared by the biomechanics in Perth.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Selling items above MRP may attract jail ter...Consumer Affairs Ministry
(Selling pre-packaged items…)
NEW DELHI: Selling pre-packaged items higher than maximum retail price (MRP) will soon attract higher penalty, including a jail term. In a move to tame such violators, the consumer affairs ministry is overhauling the Legal Metrology Act.
While it had proposed to increase the margin of error in weightage from 1 gram to 2 gram in the proposed amendment and allowed self-declaration of grammage by manufacturers and sellers, strong opposition by activists has forced the ministry to roll back both the proposals.
However, to bring some relief to manufacturers, distributors and sellers who make minor mistakes while mentioning details on the packets, the proposed law will decriminalize such offences.
"At present, this is a criminal offence. We are proposing to make it a civil offence while increasing fine for not conforming to the norms," said an official of the consumer affairs department.
To put a check on manufacturers, importers and sellers of pre-packaged items the ministry has proposed to introduce a fine of Rs 5,000 to Rs 20,000 for the first such offence. A second offence will attract a higher penalty of Rs 20,000 to Rs 1 lakh. If the seller or distributor still commits the same offence, they may face one year imprisonment along with fine.
Officials said that the present Legal Metrology Act does not have this provision and therefore there is little deterrence for unscrupulous sellers who charge more than the MRP .
"Once the amendment is enacted we will issue advisories to sellers and consumers on the need to provide and take a receipt," the official said.
On how the consumer activists played a key role in rolling back of contentious proposals, Bejon Misra, an expert on consumer policy , said, "We notice how manufacturers and sellers fleece consumers. We all see how the designs and packets are big to attract buyers. But when you open them there is little for the consumer."
FEATURED ARTICLES

50% net inflows hedged; see fall in Q2 margin QoQ: MindtreeIn the next one-two quarters, we definitely see US being a larger driver of our growth
Rostow Ravanan
CFO
Mindtree
A large portion – around 30 percent – of Mindtree 's revenues comes from Europe and with the fall in the euro and experts anticipating a further weakening in the currency, the company may perhaps find itself in the eye of the storm.
But Rostow Ravanan, executive director and chief financial officer of Mindtree seems unperturbed by the developments on the cross-currency front. "I have decided never to make any forward predictions on the forex front," he says.
He says around 50 percent of net inflows of the company are hedged. For Mindtree, the geographical midst is different, he says. Even outside the US, a lot of the business is done in dollars, he adds. He says a percent change in the rupee-dollar rate has a 30-40 basis points impact.
In the next few quarters, he sees maximum opportunities coming from the US. Sounding extremely confident on the days to come, he says customer confidence is at its highest in the past 15 years.
He expects second quarter margins to be lower than the first quarter due to wages and visa cost.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Rostow Ravanan's interview with Reema Tendulkar and Sumaira Abidi on CNBC-TV18.
Reema: We have seen a near 7 percent decline in the euro versus the dollar just in the last four months. Also we have the  Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) conference call yesterday where they indicated that they could see an 80 bps impact on the back of cross currency in the coming quarter that is in Q2. Can you tell us for Mindtree, what you anticipate will be the cross currency headwind in the quarter?
A: On currency, I have decided never to make any forward predictions. Let us wait till the end of the quarter. As you yourself outlined, there have been sharp moves both ways in the last few months. So let us wait till the end of the quarter to see what the impact of currency will turn out to be.
Our geographical mix is slightly different. Even within some of our customers outside of the US, we have dollar denominated contracts, which is why it makes it a little bit more difficult to predict how the quarter will turn out to be on cross currency impact.
Sumaira: Without asking you to make any forecast, as of now if you could tell us how much of your euro-revenues as well as your dollar-revenues are hedged, what is your current position like?
A: Usually our hedging policy hedges approximately 50 percent of our net inflows on a rolling three months basis. So this is a policy we adopted a few months ago. We follow that policy consistently. So I would say about half our international revenues are hedged on a net inflow basis, on a rolling three months.
Reema: Can you tell us what is the percentage of revenues that you get from the eurozone?
A: About 30 percent of our revenues come from Europe right now.
Reema: Can you tell us what the sensitivity would be like. So let us assume that there is another 10 percent movement in the euro, roughly what is the sensitivity, we have spoken about the sensitivity of the rupee on the margins, the way it moves, can you tell us for euro how it stands?
A: Usually, 1 percent change in the rupee/dollar rate is 35-40 bps impact to margin and the dollar is the largest currency for us from a revenue contract perspective. Euro and GBP are the second and the third largest but they are much smaller compared to the dollar. By far the majority of our revenues come in dollars.
Reema: Similarly can you give us a sensitivity to the one percent movement in euro as well? What can be the cross currency headwind?
A: Usually we don’t look at it that way because India doesn’t trade against any other currency except that dollar directly. So even if the rupee changes with respect to euro, it is always a rupee/dollar and dollar/euro determination. So therefore, the dollar/rupee fluctuation is the more relevant calculation for us.
Sumaira: IT is the place to be as far as dealwins are concerned, we have seen some real big ticket ones coming in for Infosys, Tech Mahindra, Wipro etc. With the kind of visibility that you have and you had a good Q1 as well as far as deal-wins are concerned, for this quarter and for FY15, can you tell us what kind of deal pipeline you have, what are you looking at?
A: I think our confidence in our deal pipeline has never been stronger. We are talking to a larger number of our customers on very exciting opportunities that they are implementing in their own businesses. They are choosing to partner with specialised players like Mindtree for those initiatives. So it has been amongst the best pipelines we have ever had in the history of Mindtree.
Reema: Will the order inflows in Q2 be better than what we saw in Q1 and if you can give us a number to what the deal pipeline looks like and how many deals are you currently chasing, some colour?
A: Unfortunately, we don’t disclose details on the pipeline but like I said it has been the most satisfying in terms of the customer confidence that we have ever had in the last fifteen years of Mindtree. So we are very positive, very bullish on the outlook for our business. Other than that I would say at this point in time we are not sharing any other details.
Sumaira: For the last few quarters, we have seen that US growth for you has been much stronger than Europe. Is that the trend that you expect to continue through the course of FY15 or do you see some more strength emerging in Europe?
A: Probably in the next one-two quarters, we definitely see US being a larger driver of our growth because more of our customer conversations with US based customers are where we are seeing maximum number of opportunities at this point of time.
Reema: In Q1, you had some pressure on your margins, what is the outlook looking like in constant currency on the margin front?
A: There will probably be a slight decline in Q2 compared to Q1 on the margin front. Like we explained when we announced Q1 results, Q1 had a small impact because of the US Visa filing cost. A little bit of that was made up because of operation efficiency like improvement in utilisation and so on and so forth. But Q2 will see the salary revision impact where approximately two-thirds of our people would get the salary increase affective from July 1. So that impact will hit us in Q2. So there could be a small margin decline in constant currency terms in Q2 compared to Q1.
We think we should be able to make up for that in the remaining part of this financial year because like I mentioned the growth momentum continues to be very strong. So therefore, we will be able to overcome that negative impact on margins in this quarter.
Reema: You have always indicated that hi-tech will rebound, things are looking up in the hi-tech vertical, any number in terms of the percentage growth that you would like to share?
A: I think it will be very strong growth. Last year, the hi-tech business had 5 percent growth. We have some new leadership in the team. We have also put in place a revised strategy for the hi-tech vertical. Both the team and the strategy is panning out extremely well. So this year is likely to be even stronger year than last year. Q1 was all time high growth for that business approximately 9 percent growth in that hi-tech vertical. So we expect to see a good performance by the hi-tech vertical in this quarter. We believe it has turned the corner in terms of the financial performance in that vertical.
Mindtree stock price
On November 13, 2014, Mindtree closed at Rs 1234.15, up Rs 64.55, or 5.52 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1266.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 649.20.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 54.21 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 22.77. The latest book value of the company is Rs 210.80 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 5.85.
RELATED NEWS

Government favours cancellation of coal blocks declared  illegal  by SCSep 09, 2014 at  01:14pm IST
Government favours cancellation of coal blocks declared 'illegal' by SC
27
1
New Delhi: The Centre has said that it favours the cancellation of coal blocks allocations which were declared as illegal by the Supreme Court. In sum and substance, cancellation of coal block allocation is a natural consequence, the Centre told the Supreme Court.
The Centre has told the court that the retention of 46 blocks which are in operation or will be operational soon should be considered. Centre has pleaded with the court not to cancel allocation without hearing companies who were allocated coal blocks.
Centre said that these 46 producing coal blocks can be taken over by Coal India Limited or like the 2G case, allotees can be allowed to carry on until fresh auction.
#coal scam #coalgate #supreme court #coal block allocation
The apex court had earlier ruled the 218 coal blocks that were allocated between 1993 and 2010 by the screening committee were illegal as they were not fair and transparent and were arbitrary.
A bench headed by Chief Justice RM Lodha had also held that "no State Government or public sector undertakings of the State Governments are eligible for mining coal for commercial use". The court had suggested to set up a committee headed by a retired apex court judge to examine what should be done for the re-allocation of these coal blocks.
The apex court had also said that no objective criteria was followed by the screening committee in the allocation of the coal blocks.
9

J&K: Stranded victim s mother relieved after hearing from her sonSelf-styled godman Baba Rampal supporters protest in Delhi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

NDRF to launch intensive operations in flood-hit J&K7
0
New Delhi: Two teams of NDRF equipped with 30 boats on Tuesday reached Srinagar as the force launched "intensive" operations to rescue people marooned and stranded by floods and rising waters.
National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) chief OP Singh said that 30 boats have been airlifted from Tamil Nadu's Arrakonam and have reached Sringar today along with a 100 personnel strong contingent of the force to undertake and bolster the ongoing rescue operations.
"We are going to conduct intensive rescue operations from today. The fresh addition of men and material will aid our teams in rescuing more and more people stranded by floods," Singh said.
The worst floods to hit the state in six decades have claimed nearly 200 lives.
#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #floods #ndrf
He said these teams will first be deployed to rescue people from Badamibagh area of Srinagar.
A total of 10,470 people have been rescued by the NDRF till now as over 150 boats and other critical equipment has been lowered down in the flood affected areas, he said.
The worst floods to hit the state in six decades have claimed nearly 200 lives.
0

Paragon on expansion drive  ropes in Mahesh Babu as brand ambassadorParagon on expansion drive, ropes in Mahesh Babu as brand ambassador
V. Rishi Kumar
Hyderabad, Sept. 9:  
Footwear brand Paragon, now on expansion mode, has signed Tollywood superstar Mahesh Babu as its Brand ambassador.
The footwear company, which closed last financial year with a turnover of Rs 1,400 crore, is looking at the next phase of growth, wherein it plans to enter some of the under penetrated markets and entry into footwear for kids.
With several footwear manufacturing clusters supporting its product line, the company is considering setting up another cluster in Maharashtra with an outlay of Rs 100 crore.
At a press conference here to announce the new brand ambassador and its expansion plans, Mahesh Babu said, “Paragon has always been a trendsetter and I am proud to be part of a legacy brand that is dedicated to the pursuit of class and quality.”
It had earlier inducted actress Samantha to be its brand ambassador.
Joseph Zachariah, Director, Marketing of paragon group, said, “We expect to sell 14 crore pairs this fiscal from 12 crore pairs we sold last year and hope to achieve Rs 1,600 crore turnover mark during 2014-15.”
“The footwear for men accounts for about 70 per cent of the company volumes and the rest are from women segment. Now we are looking at entering the lucrative kids segment,” he said.
The company products priced from Rs 105 for the Hawaii range, go beyond the Rs 500 mark with 90 per cent sold in the sub-Rs 500 mass market.
Thomas Mani, Owner and Director, Paragon Group, said, Mahesh Babu’s tough and stylish appeal perfectly matches our brand’s key attributes. “We feel there is considerable opportunity to expand our consumer base in the Southern market and this partnership is seen to fuel that growth.”
“The company has been growing at about 25 per cent per annum and hopes to sustain this growth. We are looking at a turnover of about Rs 5,000 crore by 2020 as we not only expand to new markets but also broaden the range of products. The company has a marketing spend of over Rs 60 crore,” Joseph said.
Paragon is considering own outlets beginning with first one in Bangalore.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

L&T  Voltas get  overweight  while  underweight  ratings on siemens  ABB shares: BarclaysBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Saqlain Mushtaq offers help to suspended SaeedAjmalPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:29 pm
The pioneer of ‘doosra’ Saqlain Mushtaq on Tuesday came out in support of Pakistan off-spinner Saeed Ajmal, who has been suspended from bowling international cricket by the ICC after his action was deemed illegal by parent body’s expert panel.
Saqlain, one of the most wily off-break bowlers of all time took to micro-blogging site twitter offering his help for the troubled spinner.
“I will help and support saeed ajmal to the best of my ability if required,” Saqlain wrote on his twitter page.
Ajmal’s teammate and fast bowler Umar Gul also expressed his solidarity with his colleague and wished that he would soon be back in Pakistan colours.
“Wish @REALsaeedajmal can modify his bowling action n get back with a bang, biggest asset of Pakistan cricket. all prayers wd (sic) him,” Gul wrote on twitter.
However South African opening batsman Quinton de Kock made a tongue-in-cheek remark on the social networking site about the decision on Ajmal.
“Whether he chucks it or not, I’d like to see someone chuck it better than he does #SaeedAjmal” De Kock commented.
Incidentally, Ajmal has taken the highest number of wickets in international cricket across all formats in the past three years.
While he had 89 wickets in 2011, it rose to 95 in 2012 and was a whopping 111 during last year.

Chinese premier Xi to visit India next week  Pakistan not initineraryPrint
NSA Ajith Doval is in Beijing holding talks with the Chinese officials to finalise Xi's programme.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:06 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 1:07 pm
Chinese President Xi Jinping will visit India , Sri Lanka, Tajikistan and the Maldives from next week to bolster the country’s relations with South Asia and Central Asia.
Xi, also the general secretary of the ruling Communist Party of China, will attend a Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) summit and visit four countries later in September, Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang announced on Tuesday.
The President is scheduled to attend the 14th meeting of the Council of Heads of the SCO member states on Thursday and Friday in Dushanbe, the capital of Tajikistan, said Qin.
After the meeting, Xi will also pay state visits to Tajikistan, the Maldives, Sri Lanka and India at the invitation of counterparts — Tajik President Emomali Rahmon, Maldives President Abdulla Yameen, Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa and President Pranab Mukherjee, according to Qin.
Maldives was apparently included in Xi’s itinerary after the cancellation of his visit to Pakistan due to prevailing political situation there.
The dates for the visits to the subcontinent is yet to be announced.
National Security Advisor Ajith Doval is currently in Beijing holding talks with the Chinese officials to finalise Xi’s programme in India.

ICICI Prudential MF announces dividend under two schemesSep 09, 2014, 01.26 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ICICI Prudential MF announces dividend under two schemes
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund has announced dividend under ICICI Prudential Multiple Yield Fund - Plan D and ICICI Prudential Value Fund - Series 3, the record date for dividend is September 12, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ICICI Prudential MF announces dividend under two schemes
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund has announced dividend under ICICI Prudential Multiple Yield Fund - Plan D and ICICI Prudential Value Fund - Series 3, the record date for dividend is September 12, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 

Lords Ishwar Hotels: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 09, 2014, 01.23 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Lords Ishwar Hotels: Updates on outcome of AGM
Lords Ishwar Hotels Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the 28th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 08, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Lords Ishwar Hotels: Updates on outcome of AGM
Lords Ishwar Hotels Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the 28th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 08, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Lords Ishwar Hotels Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the 28th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 08, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

TTI Enterprise s company secretary Binjal Mehta resignsSep 09, 2014, 01.20 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
TTI Enterprise's company secretary Binjal Mehta resigns
TTI Enterprise Ltd has informed BSE that the Company Secretary of the Company, Mrs. Binjal Mehta has resigned from her office w.e.f. July 30, 2014. The Board has accepted the same in its Board meeting held on July 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
TTI Enterprise's company secretary Binjal Mehta resigns
TTI Enterprise Ltd has informed BSE that the Company Secretary of the Company, Mrs. Binjal Mehta has resigned from her office w.e.f. July 30, 2014. The Board has accepted the same in its Board meeting held on July 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
TTI Enterprise Ltd has informed BSE that the Company Secretary of the Company, Mrs. Binjal Mehta has resigned from her office w.e.f. July 30, 2014. The Board has accepted the same in its Board meeting held on July 30, 2014.Pursuant to Clause 47 (a) of the Listing Agreement, the Company has appointed Ms. Sunita Singh as the Company Secretary of the Company w.e.f. August 14, 2014.Source : BSE

Sensex down 96 points; IT stocks trade weakThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Brent slips  holds near $100 as ample supply weighsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tyre companies rise on weak rubber prices; Ceat up 8.4 percentThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Twitter tests shopping service with  Buy  buttonThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

J&K Floods:  Unpopular  Defence Forces Win Hearts as 25 000 RescuedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Malaysian minister meets ModiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sensex  Nifty consolidate; IT leads fall  metals in focusThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Centre favours cancellation of  illegal  coal blocksHi Guest
Centre favours cancellation of 'illegal' coal blocks
The Centre on Tuesday said it favours cancellation of coal blocks that were declared illegal by the Supreme Court last month."In sum and substance, cancellation of coal block allocation is a natural consequence," the government told the apex court, which will today decide if the coal blocks should be de-allocated or not.  The government though reiterated its stand that licences of 46 coal blocks which are in operation or to start operations soon should be retained.  Yesterday in an ...

SC notice to CBI director on plea seeking his recusal from coal scam probeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Lot of buying cont.in hindalco hope it will rise quicklyCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Strong buy with stop loss 109   target 118  120  125Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Now is the time for the bears to attack.. all bankibg stocks r down an...New Member
2 Followers
as expected this counter couldnt hild on to the pressure and dropped 1% from the last message level.. expect choppy trading range till 20th sept and then some good news will follow..
3.35 PM Sep 9th

Its jus a trap.... nothing else... so sell this mother fucker stock im...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

PE firm raises $400 mn for socially responsible investments in Asia  AfricaPE firm raises $400 mn for socially responsible investments in Asia, Africa
Reuters
Tweet
Sydney, Sept 9:  
LeapFrog Investments, a private equity firm backed by George Soros and JP Morgan, said it has raised $400 million for socially responsible investments in Asia and Africa - the largest ever for a fund specialising in low-income emerging market financial services.
The fund, LeapFrog's second such fund, was three times the size of the first raised and was oversubscribed, underscoring the increasing popularity of so-called "impact investing".
Investors include Australian superannuation funds, American International Group, Europe's second-biggest insurer AXA and Swiss Re.
"Here you have these institutions seeing that there is an enormous opportunity in the emerging consumer - people who have yet to enter the middle class, and that's a big deal," said Andrew Kuper, LeapFrog's Sydney-based chief executive.
LeapFrog, with over $500 million of assets under management, has small-ticket investments in companies providing insurance, savings, pensions and payments services - usually for customers earning under $10 a day.
LeapFrog estimates that worldwide, the annual collective spending power of such customers will rise to $5 trillion by 2022 from around $2 trillion in 2012.
It also invests in markets most players refrain from. For example, it has a stake in South Africa's All Life, which provides insurance cover to HIV patients.
Investment bank JPMorgan and think tank Global Impact Investing Network estimate there is $46 billion in impact investments under management. While experts say this figure is growing, it is only a fraction of the $210-trillion invested in financial markets around the world.
While Kuper did not disclose the rate of return or any other performance metric for the fund, he said the firm's portfolio of companies showed an average 40.6 per cent increase in operating revenue and a 39 per cent rise in profitability last year.
The new fund will typically make equity investments of $10 million to $50 million in LeapFrog's priority markets of Ghana, Kenya, Nigeria, South Africa, India, Indonesia, the Philippines and Sri Lanka, Kuper said.
LeapFrog has invested in India's Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd's insurance brokerage business which serves low-income consumers in the country.
This year, it sold its majority stake in Ghana life insurer Express Life to Prudential PLC, marking the entry of one of the world's biggest insurers into direct insurance in Africa. ($1 = 1.0796 Australian dollar)
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

India most optimistic on hiring plans for Dec quarter: reportIndia most optimistic on hiring plans for Dec quarter: report
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 9:  
Indian employers have strongest hiring plans when compared to their global peers for the October—December quarter of this year on hopes of a speedy economic revival, says a ManpowerGroup report.
According to the Manpower Employment Outlook Survey released today, Indian employers anticipate a “vigorous” hiring pace for the next three months with as many as 46 per cent employers planning to increase their staff strength.
Globally, fourth quarter hiring confidence is strongest in India, Taiwan and New Zealand, while the weakest forecasts are in Spain, Italy, Ireland, the Czech Republic and Finland.
“India’s employers expect the optimism of a stable government to have an encouraging impact on the job market.
Employers are back in hiring mode and we’re seeing evidence of their renewed optimism across all industry sectors and all regions,” ManpowerGroup India Group Managing Director A G Rao said.
Various initiatives on reinforcing business efforts which the government is undertaking — such as stabilising the rupee, granting permission for new projects and encouraging the use of automation and technology in the government sector — are expected to boost the job market, the report said.
“Amidst speculations and apprehensions, job-seekers are hoping for burgeoning employment opportunities across sectors,” Rao said.
A sector—wise analysis shows that the most optimistic hiring plans are reported by employers in the services sector and the mining and construction sector, where net employment outlooks stood at 49 per cent and 47 per cent, respectively, said the survey that covered 5,287 employers across India.
From a regional perspective, employers in the Southern and Western regions anticipate the most opportunities for job seekers in the months ahead, reporting net employment outlooks of 54 per cent and 49 per cent, respectively.
Highlighting the talent shortage that the country is facing, Rao said “a pronounced skills gap persists throughout India’s labour market and the government is also focusing on skill development as a core factor while reviving the job market in India, development of vocational skills will be the key agenda.”
From a global perspective, hiring plans are mostly positive, with employers in 36 of the 42 countries and territories expecting to add to their workforce in the October-December period.
Across Asia Pacific, payrolls are expected to increase in the next three months. Indian employers reported the strongest hiring plans while the weakest Asia Pacific forecast was reported in mainland China.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Investors pour in over 1 lakh crore in MF schemes in AugustInvestors pour in over Rs 1 lakh crore in MF schemes in August
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 9:  
Investors have pumped in over Rs 1 lakh crore in various mutual fund schemes in August, making it the second consecutive monthly inflow.
As per the latest data available with the Securities and Exchange Board of India, investors have put in Rs 1,00,181 crore in mutual fund schemes (MF) last month after pouring in a staggering Rs 1,13,216 crore in July.
Prior to that, there was an outflow of Rs 59,726 crore in June.
At gross level, MFs mobilised Rs 43.67 lakh crore in August, while there were redemptions worth Rs 42.67 lakh crore as well. This resulted in a net inflow of over Rs 1 lakh crore.
This significant level of funds mobilisation has also led to increase in the total assets under management of MFs that surged to Rs 10.12 lakh crore as on August 31, from Rs 10.06 lakh crore in the previous month.
According to market analysts, investors have put in most of the money in equity mutual fund and equity-linked savings schemes.
MF is an investment vehicle that pools funds from many investors for investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
The strong inflow in MF schemes coincided with a gain in BSE’s benchmark Sensex by around three per cent last month.
Overall, during the current financial year so far (April-August), MF on a net basis have mobilised around Rs 3 lakh crore compared with Rs 53,783 crore garnered in the entire 2013-14 fiscal.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Sensex down over 100 points; heavyweights dragHeavyweights drag markets lower; Nifty at 8,130
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 09, 2014 01:28 PM IST
Markets continue to trade in the negative territory as weakness in heavyweights like ICICI Bank, Infosys, ONGC and L&T weighed on the indices in noon trades.
At 1320 hrs, the Sensex was down 116 points at 27,204 and the Nifty slipped by 40 points to trade at 8,134.
In the broader markets, the smallcap index was unchanged while the midcap index bucked the larger market trend and was up 0.3%.
Auto, Consumer Durables, FMCG and Power indices up 0.2-0.4% were the only sectoral indices in green.
IT, Oil & Gas and Realty indices down 1% each were the major sectoral losers.
 Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Tata Motors up 1% each were the prominent gainers of the hour. Cipla climbed after the company on Monday announced commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Coal India, Dr Reddys, M&M, Tata Power and ITC which added 0.3-0.7% rounded off the gainers list.
Tata Motors gained after the company launched the special edition Land Rover Freelander 2. The premium SUV carries a price tag of Rs. 44.41 lakh.
Among the major losers were ONGC, Bajaj Auto, Wipro, ICICI Bank, Infosys, Sesa Sterlite, L&T and BHEL down 1-2% were the major names in red.
Share prices of five new entrants to the future and options (F&O) segment gained on Tuesday despite the benchmark indices trading weak. The five stocks gained an average 2%.
Eicher Motors gained over a percent; Motherson Sumi added about 2.3%; SKS Microfinance gained 2.5%, Mindree was up 0.26% and TVS Motor gained nearly 3%.
The market breadth was marginally in green on BSE. 1462 stocks advanced while 1366 stocks declined.

Chick-fil-A founder dead at 93Chick-fil-A founder dead at 93
By Charles Riley  @CRrileyCNN September 8, 2014: 6:34 AM ET
 
How Chick-fil-A was hatched
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
S. Truett Cathy, the fast food entrepreneur who turned a single restaurant into the multi-billion dollar Chick-fil-A empire, has died at the age of 93.
Cathy passed away at his home early Monday, the company announced on its website.
After a childhood scarred by the Great Depression, Cathy perfected his chicken sandwich in the early 1960s. A simple recipe consisting of a buttered bun, boneless chicken and dill pickle chips, he called it the "Chick-fil-A."
The deeply religious founder would go on to open location after location, eventually building an empire with more than 1,800 restaurants in 40 states and the District of Columbia.
The company now boasts more than $5 billion a year in sales.
 
The fast food protests are working
Chick-fil-A has legions of devoted fans, many of whom rave about the quality of service at the chain.
The family-owned company has always been something of an outlier in the fast food industry. Its restaurants close on Sunday, for example -- a practice tied to Cathy's religious devotion.
That conviction has been the source of controversy in recent years.
In 2012, Cathy's son Dan -- the current CEO -- caused an uproar after commenting on marriage and family life.
"We are very much supportive of the family, the biblical definition of the family unit," he said. "We are a family-owned business, a family-led business, and we are married to our first wives."
Gay rights activists responded with a "kiss day" at Chick-fil-A outlets nationwide. Chick-fil-A supporters then staged rallies of their own.
Following Cathy's death, Chick-fil-A said that the chain would remain in private hands. It will also remain closed on Sundays.
First Published: September 8, 2014: 5:01 AM ET
Most Popular

Guardians of the Galaxy  continues assault on U.S. box office  collects $10.2 millionsBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

WALL STREET LOVES FOR-PROFIT TEACHINGWhy Wall Street loves for-profit education
By Jesse Solomon  @JesseSolomonCNN September 8, 2014: 4:34 PM ET
Strayer University's stock is on a tear this year.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The for-profit education sector has gotten schooled in recent years by bad publicity and intensifying regulation, but some companies are now getting gold stars from Wall Street.
Strayer Education ( STRA ) shares have soared 75% this year. The company offers accredited certificate, associate, bachelor's, and master's degree programs at 100 campuses across the country and online. DeVry Education Group ( DV ) is up over 20% while Capella, ( CPLA ) which mostly specializes in online graduate education, has rallied 13% in the past three months.
This performance is especially impressive given that the government has the industry as a whole under heavy scrutiny.
Earlier this summer, Corinthian Colleges ( COCO ) reached an agreement with the Department of Education to close down. The company, which operates Everest College, Heald and WyoTech, had its federal funding restricted over allegations that it used faulty job placement data in its marketing material and altered grades and attendance figures. It's also facing a lawsuit from the California attorney general.
Critics of for-profit colleges argue that they prey on the poor by over promising and under delivering on career prospects after graduation. Furthermore, many students take on federally-backed loans to finance their degrees, essentially leaving taxpayers on the hook if they can't find good jobs after completing their programs.
Related: I'm 57 and owe $152,000 in student loans
All the heat has taken a toll on for-profit education stocks. Strayer, for example, is still down 70% over the last five years.
"People started to question if they wanted to take out debt to get a degree for a job they don't even know if they can get because the economy is so bad," explained Corey Greendale of First Analysis.
Report cards: Strayer is a particularly interesting case. It's overall enrollment is down, but investors got excited again because it's attracting more new students and doing a better job of controlling costs. The new student class ticked up by 2%, partly as a result of the school lowering undergraduate tuition, Greendale said.
But after the mega stock gains this year, it's unclear how much room Strayer as to run. Only 20% of Wall Street analysts who follow the stock give it a "buy" rating, which is low compared to most stocks.
The story is similar at Capella, which grew its new student population by 11%, even though it has suffered overall with declining enrollment. But the stock gets a bit more love from investors, with 44% of analysts rating it a "buy."
As for DeVry, enrollment fell last quarter at its flagship DeVry University campuses, but it was up solidly in its medical and health care segment, which includes a nursing college as well as a medical school in the Caribbean. It's also expanding its presence in Brazil rapidly.
DeVry hasn't lowered rates, according to Greendale, but it did increase the number of scholarships, which reduced the cost of attendance overall.
Related: Help wanted: College degree not needed
The future of for-profit education: At the end of the day, for-profit schools will be judged on the employment outcomes of their graduates, claimed Chip Paucek, CEO of 2U ( TWOU ), a firm that provides cloud-based software for online degree programs at nonprofit universities.
"Situations like Corinthian aren't good for anyone," he said.
Still, he argues that it's important to provide education to as many people as possible, regardless of their economic circumstances.
"We can't have the kind of college access we need in this country without the for-profit sector," he said.
 
College 'can't just be for rich folks'
As for Wall Street, Greendale says investors have become more comfortable with the sector despite the regulatory concerns. He doesn't foresee another scenario like Corinthian, partly because it's a logistical nightmare for the Department of Education to wind down the schools.
"There's less concern that the industry is going out business," he said.
First Published: September 7, 2014: 9:45 AM ET
Most Popular

Suicide bomber kills 12 in Somalia attack: governorPrint
Agence-France Presse | Mogadishu | Posted: September 8, 2014 8:43 pm
A suicide bomber killed at least 12 people and wounded 27 others on Monday by ramming a vehicle packed with explosives into a convoy of African Union troops in Somalia, the local governor said.
The attack, the latest in a string of killings, comes exactly one week after a US air strike killed the chief of the Al-Qaeda-linked Shebab rebels, prompting threats of retaliation from the extremists.
“The car packed with explosives hit one of the armoured trucks… 12 civilians in a minibus were killed, and 27 others were wounded,” local governor Adukadir Mohamed Sidi told AFP.
The attack took place near the town of Afgoye, some 30 kilometres northwest from the capital Mogadishu.
Two soldiers from AMISOM were wounded in the attack, Sidi added, who blamed Shehab for the killing, although there was no immediate claim of responsibility.
Witnesses reported a huge blast and wave of fire, with civilians on the busy highway between the town and the capital caught up in the explosion.
“I saw two minibuses with pools of blood, many civilians were killed,” said Ali Muhidin, a witness. “The explosion was enormous.”
Somalia’s government on Saturday warned of a wave of retaliatory attacks by the Shebab following the killing of their commander Ahmed Abdi Godane.
On Friday the Pentagon confirmed that Godane, the leader of Al-Qaeda’s main affiliate in Africa, perished in an attack in which US drones and manned aircraft rained Hellfire missiles and laser-guided bombs on a gathering of Shebab commanders.
The strike against Godane came days after African Union troops and Somali government forces launched “Operation Indian Ocean”, a major offensive aimed at seizing key ports from the Shebab and cutting off one of their key sources of revenue: multi-million dollar exports of charcoal.
AU forces are targeting Shebab on several fronts, with Ugandan troops leading the offensives against the main port of Barawe, south of Mogadishu.
The 22,000 AMISOM force, with soldiers drawn from six nations, have been fighting alongside government troops against the Al-Qaeda-linked Shebab insurgents since 2007.
The Shebab have appointed a new commander, named Ahmad Umar Abu Ubaidah.
The group have vowed to avenge the death of Godane and said they would continue their fight to topple the country’s internationally-backed government.

Twitter launches  Buy  buttonBy Ben Rooney  @ben_rooney September 8, 2014: 12:12 PM ET
Twitter is getting into the e-commerce business.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
What do fans of Megadeath, The Nature Conservancy and Home Depot have in common? They will now be able to make purchases via Twitter.
Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ) said Monday that it is introducing a "Buy" button that will allow users to purchase items by clicking on tweets from certain accounts.
The button will give users the option to buy a product with just a few clicks, according to a blog post by Twitter group project manager Tarun Jain.
After tapping the "Buy" button, users will see more information on the product and will be prompted to enter their shipping and payment information. Twitter said personal information, such as credit card numbers, will be encrypted and stored safely so that users do not need to re-enter it each time they make a purchase.
Twitter said users will be able to buy products they can't get anywhere else; while sellers will have an opportunity to connect with buyers and drive sales.
The button is a first step by Twitter, which generates most of its revenue through advertising, into the world of online commerce.
Total U.S. e-commerce sales are expected to reach more than $304 billion this year, according to eMarketer.
The e-commerce market is dominated by companies such as Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ) and eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ). But consumers have been increasingly active on their mobile devices, where Twitter is a top destination. Mobile commerce is expected to account for 19%, or $58.8 billion, of all internet transactions this year.
 
How ISIS forced Twitter to grow up
For now, the "Buy" button is limited to a handful of musicians, charities and retailers. But Twitter plans to expand the service over time.
The initial list includes an eclectic mix of musical groups, from Pharrell and Keith Urban to the pioneering heavy metal band Megadeath. Nonprofits such as The Nature Conservancy and GLIDE are also on the list, as well as retailers Home Depot ( HD )and Burberry ( BURBY ).
First Published: September 8, 2014: 12:12 PM ET
Most Popular

After bribe sting  AAP hopes to gain political groundAfter bribe sting, AAP hopes to gain political ground
Darpan Singh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 09, 2014
First Published: 01:09 IST(9/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:02 IST(9/9/2014)
Comments
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) hopes the sting video purportedly showing a senior BJP leader trying to bribe an AAP MLA will help itself strengthen its position both on legal and political fronts.
On Tuesday, the Centre has to come clean before the Supreme Court on whether Delhi gets an alternative government or goes in for fresh elections.
The AAP will submit the raw footage to the court to add credence to its stance that no party had the numbers to form a government.
Read: Congress demands impartial inquiry into AAP’s sting
The AAP is also hoping to gain politically and stall the BJP’s efforts to somehow put together the required numbers. The party feels Delhi Lieutenant Governor (L-G) Najeeb Jung will be discredited if he still invites the BJP to form a government.
“If L-G even now invites the BJP, questions are bound to be asked,” AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal said.
“We have been accusing the BJP of trying to poach our MLAs but many found the allegations wild. Now we have given proof and there is credibility and the charges are increasingly becoming indefensible.
It has also put the BJP on the back foot. They are trying to distance themselves from their colleague caught on tape making poaching attempts,” said a party source.
Read: Dagar denies bid to bribe MLA, party puts him on notice
Relying on an internal assessment that it can better its 2013 tally of 28 seats, the AAP said it would sharpen its attack in the coming days.
“The MLA who was offered bribe will lodge a police complaint. We will move the Election Commission for action. We have more such videos that we are going to release very soon,” he said.
Kejriwal said on Monday that the Supreme Court deadline has made the BJP nervous, forcing it to intensify its efforts to capture Delhi at any cost.
“It is clear from the conversation in the video that the BJP was making attempts to poach five AAP MLAs. [BJP vice-president Sher Singh] Dagar is clearly seen saying that the BJP will make five MLAs resign from the assembly and will prove its majority in the existing assembly by bringing its total strength down,” said an AAP statement.
“Dagar is seen admitting that even the RSS is now agreeable to forming a government through such means, though earlier the Sangh was opposed to government formation through horse-trading. He also stated that Jagdish Mukhi is the RSS choice for chief ministership,” it said.

A few showers possible through tomorrow; supermoon part threeBy Ian Livingston September 8 Follow @islivingston
Radar & lightning: Latest regional radar shows movement of precipitation and lightning strikes over past two hours. Refresh page to update. Click here or on image to enlarge. Or see radar bigger on our Weather Wall .
Clouds owned the day, and with some light showers or sprinkles mixed in as well we managed daytime temperatures that are rather cool for the date. Instead of the 80 or above we might expect, highs made the low-to-mid 70s most spots. A little San Francisco’esque? Hope you enjoyed it, as we’ve got more of the same through tomorrow.
Through Tonight: Another colorful sunset is possible, especially over western parts of the area if the lowest level clouds around during the day diminish a little more. Meaningful rain stays to our southeast, but a few sprinkles, light showers, or some drizzle is possible overnight, especially I-95 and southeast. This should be one of those nights where there’s not a huge discrepancy in lows across the area, as they mostly dip to the low-and-mid 60s. Winds are from the east and northeast around 5-10 mph.
Tomorrow (Tuesday): Much like today, clouds rule. Any rain (again in the form of showers or sprinkles) should be brief and intermittent. The coastal low also begins to pull away with time, so perhaps we’ll see some breaks late in the day. With clouds mostly in control again, plus a wind off the ocean, highs are generally in a 72-77 range.
See Jason Samenow’s forecast through the weekend . And if you haven’t already, join us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter . For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock.
Pollen update: Weed pollen, grass pollen and mold spores are all moderate/high. Tree pollen is low.
Gray skies over Annapolis. (Donna Cole)
Supermoon, take three: Tonight is the full harvest moon, also known as the third and final supermoon of 2014 . While last month’s supermoon was the most “super” of the bunch, tonight’s full moon will still put on a show. At least where it is visible…
HRRR simulated cloud cover forecast shows the potential for thinning of the clouds at 8 p.m. this evening. (Weatherbell.com)
Related: Photos of the August supermoon
The moon rises at 7:06 p.m. tonight here in D.C. Clouds are likely to heavily — if not fully — obscure the celestial sight this evening. There is at least some chance we’ll see enough thinning or breaks for a peek or two though. Fingers crossed.
Ian Livingston is a forecaster/photographer and information lead for the Capital Weather Gang. By day, Ian is a defense and national security researcher at a D.C. think tank.

Home Depot confirms payment system hackedHome Depot confirms hackers breached payment systems
By Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/72543e6c-37a3-11e4-971c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Marin Cilic defeats Kei Nishikori at comeback US Open for 1st Slam titleMarin Cilic defeats Kei Nishikori at comeback US Open for 1st Slam title
AP
New York, September 09, 2014
First Published: 07:36 IST(9/9/2014)
print
Unable to play in the US Open a year ago because of a doping suspension, Marin Cilic is now the tournament's champion.
Croatia's Cilic won his first Grand Slam title by beating Japan's Kei Nishikori 6-3, 6-3, 6-3 on Monday at Flushing Meadows, using 17 aces - including four in one game - and the same powerful groundstrokes that helped him eliminate Roger Federer in the semifinals.
"This is (from) all the hard work in these last several years - and especially this last year," Cilic said during the on-court ceremony, when he kissed his silver trophy and collected a check for $3 million.
The 14th-seeded Cilic prevented the 10th-seeded Nishikori from becoming the first man from Asia to win a major singles championship.
"Tennis has not been our biggest sport in Japan," Nishikori said. "Hopefully I can win next time."
There hadn't been a matchup between players making their Grand Slam final debuts at the US Open since 1997. Lopsided and lasting less than two hours, this hardly qualified as a classic.
"Both of us were pretty nervous in the first set, especially," Cilic acknowledged. "When we got ourselves going, it was a bit better."
Nishikori stunned No. 1 Novak Djokovic in the semifinals, and this was the first Grand Slam final since the 2005 Australian Open without Djokovic, Federer or Rafael Nadal, who won the US Open in 2013 but is sidelined now by a wrist injury. That trio had won 34 of the past 38 major titles, but this was the second of this season that eluded them.
Some, including Cilic, had seen Stan Wawrinka's victory at the Australian Open in January as an indication that the next tier was about to get a crack at the ardware.
Twelve months ago, Cilic missed the US Open while serving a four-month ban after testing positive for a stimulant at a tournament in Germany in May 2013. The International Tennis Federation initially sought a two-year punishment, but Cilic wound up with a shortened suspension on appeal. He said he ingested the substance unintentionally via a glucose tablet bought at a pharmacy and calls the process that led to his penalty unfair.
Cilic, whose only previous trip as far as the semifinals at a major came at the 2010 Australian Open, used the forced break from competition to improve his game. And that work was on full display the past two weeks - particularly Monday, under thick gray clouds and in a strong breeze.
The 6-foot-6 (1.98-meter) Cilic, who is 25, and the 5-10 (1.78-meter) Nishikori, 24, each is coached by a guy with a Grand Slam title: 2001 Wimbledon champion Goran Ivanisevic, the last Croatian man to win a major, works with Cilic; 1989 French Open champion Michael Chang is one of Nishikori's two coaches.
"My team has brought something special to me, especially Goran," Cilic said. "The most important thing that he brought to me was joy in tennis, and always having fun. And I think I enjoyed my best tennis ever here and played the best ever in my life."
The Arthur Ashe Stadium artificial lights were on and the stands were mostly empty when the players walked out to the court at 5 p.m. - which was 6 a.m. in Japan, but did not prevent folks there from gathering to watch the popular Nishikori on TV.
One indication of how far these two men have come: Their two previous US Open meetings were in the second round in 2010, won by Nishikori, and the third round in 2012, won by Cilic.
This time, there was never really any intrigue.
Cilic won 19 of the last 20 points he served in the opening set, helped by three aces at up to 134 mph (216 kph). The biggest problem for Nishikori, really, was there were not many extended groundstroke exchanges - and even when there were, he tended to lose them.
He was off, whether because of the wind, the accumulated fatigue from a pair of four-hour-plus victories over No. 3 Wawrinka and No. 5 Milos Raonic, or perhaps knowing what was at stake for him, his country and his continent. Cilic wound up with twice as many winners, 38-19.
"I guess Kei didn't feel it today," said Dante Bottini, who helps Chang coach Nishikori.
Nishikori only broke once, in the second set, and Cilic broke right back. In the third set, trailing 4-2, Nishikori had three other break points. But one was erased by an ace and on the others, Nishikori slapped second-serve returns into the net - an escape Cilic would later call "lucky."
But good fortune is not all Cilic credited for his career-defining triumph.
"For all the other players working hard, this is a big sign, a big hope," Cilic said, "that if you're working hard, things are going to pay off."

TVS Motor: Zest in scooter sales  motorcycles to followTVS Motor: Zest in scooter sales, bikes to follow
Ram Prasad Sahu | Mumbai Sep 09, 2014 09:35 PM IST
TVS Motor’s stock is up 27 per cent over the past two weeks on higher sales momentum from its scooter portfolio, launches and brokerage upgrades. The latest upgrades, which came in September after the launch of Scooty Zest and robust August sales numbers, estimate higher volumes and margin gains over FY14-17. This is likely to reflect in higher earnings growth of 36 per cent during this period, say Sharekhan’s analysts.
The first trigger is volumes, which have grown 29 per cent year-to-date against the sector's 17 per cent. Led by higher operating leverage and cost savings, margins are to gain 300 basis points in three years. Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BofA-ML) analysts believe margins will touch a double-digit number by FY17, from 6.1 per cent in FY14.
Given the volume momentum, market share gains, success of launches and expected earnings improvement, most analysts have a ‘buy’ on TVS, with an average target price of Rs 240, about 10 per cent return from the current levels.
Given the stock has doubled in the past six months, valuations at 16 times FY16 earnings are at par with bigger peers such as Bajaj Auto and Hero MotoCorp (15.75-17 times). However, given weaker margins and return ratios (versus peers), the stock should trade at a discount. This means the stock is already factoring in future marketshare and margin gains. Hence, there is a need for investors to be cautious.
Analysts say the lower margins were an aberration due to promotion costs, launch pricing, and rising raw material costs. The company's strategy to launch one product every quarter has worked well, starting with the launch of the Jupiter scooter in September last year and following it up with Start City+, Wego refresh and Scooty Zest. The launches have also helped TVS gain 240 basis points year-to-date in the scooter category, taking its market share in the segment to 15.1 per cent.
Scooters account for 30 per cent of the total volumes. Motorcycle volumes should look up, as TVS lines up an executive motorcycle launch in the December quarter and an Apache refresh in March. The launch of a premium bike, in association with BMW in FY16, will also aid its overall motorcycle volumes.
The company has a market share of 5.5 per cent in the motorcycle segment. This, according to BofA-ML analysts, would improve to 8.5 per cent by FY17 on the back of launches in the commuter segment where it is weak currently and improving position in the premium segment.

Digvijaya praises Modi for offering help to PoKPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:11 am
Senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh, a staunch critic of Narendra Modi, Monday had some rare words of praise for the Prime Minister. He applauded Modi for reaching out to the people of Pakistan-occupied Kashmir, which has been ravaged by flood.
“Commend the rescue by DMRF, Army, Police and Security Forces in J&K and also GOI and PM for prompt action and reaching out to people in POK (sic),” he tweeted on a day Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif thanked Modi for offering help in flood relief efforts in PoK. In a letter to Modi, he also noted that closer collaboration in disaster management should be a part of their agenda of peace and development in the region.
The PM took Congress by surprise by choosing to visit the flood-affected areas in Jammu and Kashmir. Leader of the Opposition in Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad on Saturday spoke to the PM and sought his personal attention in the situation.

Apple to Reveal Its Next Big ThingYoung stars Jaden and Willow Smith, the son and daughter of actor Will Smith, recently sat down with the New York...
Roger Kisby/Getty Images

Gold Hovers Near Three-month Low  Dollar Strength WeighsDLF Falls 3%, Real Estate Stocks Under Pressure
Singapore:
Gold hovered near its lowest in three months on Tuesday after sharp overnight losses as the dollar traded at 14-month highs against a basket of major currencies, dimming the metal's appeal as a currency hedge.
Spot gold had slipped slightly to $1,254.66 an ounce by 0335 GMT. The metal closed down 1 per cent on Monday, after earlier hitting $1,251.24 - its lowest since June.
"Gold appears to be testing its $1,250 an ounce support handle, and any break below may see the precious metal extend its bearish trend," said OCBC Bank analyst Barnabas Gan.
The path of least resistance for gold is to move lower as the US dollar is expected to strengthen further, other traders said.
The dollar index was near July 2013 highs, boosted by a San Francisco Fed study that noted investors are pricing in a lower trajectory for interest rates rises than members of the central bank are.
It was also supported as sterling was pressured amid ongoing jitters that Scotland could vote to secede from the United Kingdom.
A stronger greenback makes dollar-denominated gold more expensive for holders of other currencies.
"Momentum indicators highlight an accelerated pace of decline, and we maintain our expectations for further weakness toward the June low of $1,240," said analysts at ScotiaMocatta.
Top buyer China returned from a holiday on Tuesday but failed to provide any significant support to prices.
Premiums on the Shanghai Gold Exchange were steady at $4-$5 an ounce, higher than the $2-$3 seen early last week, in a sign that buying has picked up in recent days as prices drop to multi-month lows.
Investors were also eyeing geopolitical tensions over Ukraine. A ceasefire agreed between Ukraine and pro-Russian rebels last week has weakened safe-haven bids for gold, though each side accused the other of sporadic shelling.
Russia signalled on Monday it might ban Western airlines from flying over its territory as part of an "asymmetrical" response to new European Union sanctions over the Ukraine crisis.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Government to Come Out With Intellectual Property Rights Policy: Commerce MinisterEMC to Submit Interim Report by Early January: Bimal Jalan
New Delhi: Amidst developed nations like the US raising issues over India's intellectual property rights (IPR) regime, the government has said it will come out with a policy framework within a few months to make IPR more robust.
Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Monday said her ministry will soon have a think-tank that will enable it to handle the IPR issues more firmly.
"India does not have an IPR policy. This is the first time we are coming out with an IPR policy. IPR policy issues have been hanging for quite a long time," Ms Sitharaman told reporters in Delhi.
She said the policy will help in dealing with issues being raised by developed nations and protect interest of India on IPR related matters.
"It will give direction in terms of protecting IPR of India on which several issues are there. With the US we have (certain) issues... India has become a brand in terms of pharma... We are very strong in IPR and we certainly want to protect our interest," she added.
Developed nations are picking holes in India's IPR laws because it does not have any policy, Ms Sitharaman said. When asked about the timeline for the new policy, she said it may take about six months.
The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) will put the draft policy on the website for public comments before finalising the policy.
"India has a well-established legal framework for IPR but it's important to spell out policy. In the next 2-3 months, we will discuss and debate in country," DIPP Secretary Amitabh Kant said. On the proposed think-tank on IPR, the trade minister said, "We are going to have the benefit of experts, who will constantly keep us informed about developments on international IPR issues, flag off concerns."
During the recent times, the Obama administration has been strongly criticising India's investment climate and IPR laws, especially in the pharmaceuticals and the solar sectors. India has maintained that its IPR regime is fully compliant with WTO laws and it will not take part in any unilateral investigations by the US on the matter.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 22:16 (IST)

Technology trends that will dominate the globe in the coming monthsBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Sensex Down 100 Points  IT Stocks WeighDLF Falls 3%, Real Estate Stocks Under Pressure
BSE Sensex and Nifty struggled today amid profit-taking they hit a record high hit on Monday. Investors also remained cautious ahead of Supreme Court's hearing on coal blocks.
At 11:26 a.m., Sensex was down 86 points to 27,233 while Nifty fell 30 points to 8,144. The rupee was weaker at 60.44/45 versus its Monday's close of 60.29/30 after dollar traded at 14-month highs against a basket of major currencies early on Tuesday.
The Supreme Court will later in the day decide the fate of over 200 coal blocks allocated since 1993. The top court had earlier ruled that the method of allocating coal mining concessions was illegal and arbitrary.
Among metal stocks, JSPL reversed early losses to trade 1.7 per cent higher while Sesa Sterlite and Hindalco were trading lower.
The government had earlier asked the Supreme Court to leave 40 of the 218 coal blocks allocations the court declared illegal with companies that operate mines that are either producing or close to doing so.
Profit-taking was seen in recent outperformers like ICICI Bank and ONGC which fell over 1 per cent. Selling pressure was also seen in IT stocks, with Infosys, HCL Tech and Tech Mahindra falling over 1 per cent.
Markets in the region were steady with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan down a slight 0.1 per cent. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 09, 2014 11:38 (IST)

Supreme Court to Cancel CBI Chief s Decisions on 2G  Coalgate Cases if Found GuiltyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Extremely  heavy rainfall expected in Gujarat  Maharashtra  MP  Goa: Met DeptBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

ABB surges over 10% as parent buyback sharesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Favour cancellation of coal blocks declared illegal: Centre to SCSupreme Court reserves order on coal block allocations
BS Reporter |  Sep 10, 2014 12:50 AM IST
On a day when the Centre and industry bodies seemed divided on the way forward for captive coal miners, the Supreme Court reserved its order on coal block allocations. While the government didn’t press the court to favour a few blocks, industry representatives pleaded for a committee to select and exempt the blocks, allocations of which didn’t involve any criminality.
The government, however, said it was against the setting up a committee to hear individual complaints of allottees, as this would delay the way forward.
The court heard all the parties before deciding to take up the matter in two weeks.
In their submissions, industry bodies Independent Power Producers Association of India and Coal Producers’ Association said only those blocks in whose case criminality had been proven should be cancelled. “As long as a coal block is not misrepresented, the fault is not with the individual; why, then, should the stakeholder suffer?” the submission asked.
On August 25, a Supreme Court Bench headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha had termed 194 coal allocations carried out through the screening committee and the government dispensation routes illegal under the Coal Mining Nationalisation Act.
On Tuesday, the Centre told the court it stood by its statement that if the judgment in the case related to coal block allocations between 1993 and 2010 was to be complied with, all such allocations must be cancelled. Attorney General Mukul Rohtagi said “only a pocket of some 46 units can be saved”. Forty blocks are already producing, while six are about to start production.
“An expert group needs to look at various other implications, apart from legal ones. There is a time factor wherein the blocks allocated in 1999 cannot be equated to those awarded in 2007. Then, how can some block be allocated and some cancelled? Such issues cannot be overlooked when the court is dealing with such a large quantum and range of coal blocks,” said an executive of one of the associations representing industry. He asked not to be named, as the matter was sub judice.
Associations of coal producers, power producers and sponge iron producers sought a three-member panel, headed by a retired Supreme Court judge and with an accountant as a member, be set up to hear their cases. Rohtagi opposed the idea of another committee, saying this would delay the whole process at a time when the country was starved of energy.  He said if all blocks are cancelled, state giant Coal India should be allowed to take over active mines, or companies be allowed to continue production until the blocks are re-auctioned, in order to avoid supply disruptions.
K K Venugopal, the counsel for coal producers association, argued it was the government that was at fault in the case, adding the allottees were being punished for no fault of theirs. He added cancellation of coal block allocations would have a far-reaching impact, as huge investments had already been made on these blocks and there was a crippling shortage of coal and power in several parts of the country.
The three industry associations complained their views weren’t heard before the judgment was pronounced. This was denied by Prashant Bhushan, counsel for Common Cause, which had filed a public interest suit in this regard. Harish Salve, who represented power producers, alleged the petition was based on wrong and distorted facts, adding these had crept into the judgment. He, too, sought a panel to hear individual complaints.
Denying the government was at fault, Rohtagi said all parties were heard by the court before it delivered its judgment. “Now, we have to move forward. We are not against any industry. We have taken the present stand after applying our mind to all possible situations,” he said.
The court also directed Central Bureau of Investigation Director Ranjit Sinha to file a reply on the controversial entry register of his house that was stolen and presented to another Bench on Monday, in the 2G telecom spectrum allocation case. Though Vikas Singh, Sinha’s counsel, expressed his opposition to filing an affidavit, the court insisted it was a serious matter and, therefore, Sinha’s reply was necessary. The court will take up this matter on Monday.
 
Meanwhile, companies, who were allocated coal blocks, also pleaded with the SC not to cancel allocations without hearing them.
The Supreme Court had on August 25 declared that the entire allocation of coal blocks from 1993 till 2010 was illegal, arbitrary, non-transparent and without application of mind and guidelines.

SC notice to CBI chief for  meeting  2G  coal scam accusedCBI chief gets second SC notice in 2 days
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 09, 2014
First Published: 12:45 IST(9/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:30 IST(10/9/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court asked CBI director Ranjit Sinha on Tuesday to respond to allegations by an activist organisation that he was protecting people linked with the coal allocation scam, a major setback for the top investigator already facing similar charges in the 2G case.
Two NGOS – Common Cause and the Centre for Public Interest Litigation – allege that Sinha is getting in the way of investigations in high-profile corruption cases involving the alleged abuse in the way telecommunications bandwidth and coal mines were allocated.
They also allege the CBI chief met at his residence several executives from companies being investigated and was being influenced to weaken the cases against them.
Common Cause asked the court to set up a special investigation team (SIT) for a conflict of interest inquiry against Sinha if he failed to respond satisfactorily to the charges.
The bench headed by chief justice RM Lodha did not ask Sinha to step away from the coal scam probe, as demanded by Common Cause, and gave him until September 19 to offer an explanation.
Sinha last week ruled out resigning, but said he would recuse himself from the coal scam probe if the SC asked him to do so.
The NGO says Sinha met Congress leader and coal scam accused Vijay Darda at the CBI director’s residence when the investigating agency was probing the politician.  “Certain developments have taken place and there are serious allegations in the application. Our concern is regarding the investigation in this matter. You must respond to it,” the court told Sinha’s lawyer.
On Monday, a bench headed by justice HL Dattu monitoring the 2G scam case sought a clarification from Sinha on allegations against him of entertaining people being investigated at his official residence in New Delhi.
Minister of state in the Prime Minister’s Office Jitendra Singh refused to spell out if the Modi government was planning to act against Sinha. “I do not want to say anything at this time... The government will take a view as and when required,” he said.

Brent Drops Below $100 as Ample Supply WeighsYou are here: Home Commodities
Brent Drops Below $100 as Ample Supply Weighs
Reuters | Updated On: September 09, 2014 12:55 (IST)
Gold Falls From Near 3-Week High on Stronger Dollar
Singapore: Brent crude eased for a fourth straight session on Tuesday, with prices holding near a 16-month trough below $100 a barrel, amid concerns of ample global supply and slower-than-expected growth in the world's top oil consumers.
Continued output from strife-torn countries such as Iraq and Libya and the shale oil boom in the United States have lessened supply side risks, while slowing growth in western economies and China have raised demand concerns, said Tetsu Emori, a commodity fund manager at Japan's Astmax Co Ltd.
Brent was trading down 33 cents at $99.87 as of 0657 GMT after ending the previous session 62 cents lower. On Monday, prices slid below $100 for the first time in almost 15 months and hit a low of $99.36 - the weakest since May 1, 2013.
US crude was 14 cents higher at $92.80, snapping a three-day losing streak, after falling 63 cents on Monday.
"I expect Brent will be traded between $99-$100 today. Prices below $100 a barrel will be a good opportunity for traders to buy for storage purposes," said Yusuke Seta, a commodity sales manager at Tokyo's Newedge Japan. "The market will try to test the $100 per barrel support line again."
However, hopes for a cut in output by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries kept a floor under oil prices.
"Oil at below a $100 a barrel is a little bit risky in the current market - $100 per barrel is really a central point for oil countries," Emori said.
Expectations of an OPEC output cut come as Gulf Arab oil ministers gather on Thursday in Kuwait for an annual meeting that could include discussion about price levels.
Top OPEC exporter Saudi Arabia and other OPEC members favour oil at $100 and prices are under pressure due to ample supply even as some OPEC delegates see the lower prices as short-lived.
Astmax's Emori said there was potential for Brent to trade at around $120 per barrel by the end of this year, while US crude could hover around $110-$115 per barrel, on rising winter demand and possible geopolitical concerns.
US crude stocks eyed
The market is now waiting for US crude inventory data for clues on the outlook for demand in the world's top oil consumer.
US crude oil stocks likely fell by 1.5 million barrels in the week to September 5, according to a preliminary Reuters analysts' survey on Monday.
The poll was released ahead of weekly inventory reports from industry group the American Petroleum Institute (API) on Tuesday and from the US Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration (EIA) on Wednesday.
Investors were also eyeing developments in the Middle East.
Iraq's parliament approved a new government headed by Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi on Monday in a move to save Iraq from collapse and in what US Secretary of State John Kerry said was a "major milestone".
Libya's oil output has risen to 740,000 barrels per day, the National Oil Corp said on Monday, an increase from 725,000 bpd that has been fuelled by the reopening of several oil export ports.
There was speculation Libyan output could climb further by the end of this month, boosting supplies and putting further pressure on oil prices, Newedge's Seta said.
Elsewhere, the European Union adopted new sanctions on Monday against Russia over the Ukraine crisis, but enforcement will be delayed while an assessment is being done on whether a ceasefire in Ukraine is holding. The measures will target the ability of Russia's top oil producers to raise capital in Europe.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2013

Apple to launch big-screen iPhones and iWatchtodayA mystery event set in San Francisco has pumped up expectations for Apple to unveil a stunning newdevice to its line-up of iPhones, iPads, iPods, and Macintosh computers.
Agence-France Presse | San Francisco | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:39 pm
Apple pulls back the curtain today on its latest innovations, amid frenzied anticipation over new big-screen iPhones and possibly an “iWatch” which could shake up the world of wearable computing.
A mystery event set in San Francisco has pumped up expectations for Apple to unveil a stunning new device to its line-up of iPhones, iPads, iPods, and Macintosh computers.
“Apple’s iWatch category launch will be one of its most important and brand-reinforcing launches in years,” Forrester analyst James McQuivey commented yesterday in a report indicating a quarter of adult US Internet users anticipate buying wearable computing devices in the coming year.
“Apple will show again how computing platforms are won or lost on the one-two punch of eager consumers and hungry ecosystem partners.”
Apple is seeking to show that it hasn’t lost its world-dazzling magic when it comes to innovation, and to shift attention from a recent celebrity photo theft scandal.
Apple has been customarily tight-lipped ahead of the event at a performing arts center where late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs introduced the Macintosh computer 30 years ago.
But those who follow Apple are expecting bigger versions of the iPhone and – perhaps more significantly – an entry into wearables with an “iWatch.”
The choice of venue has fueled talk that Apple will crash the wearable computing party with a smartwatch, in a bid to dominate the segment the same way it ruled smartphones, tablets and MP3 players with iPhones, iPads and iPods.
Apple chief executive Tim Cook has stated that wearable computing makes more sense on the wrist than in eyewear such as Google Glass.
Work on a wrist-worn computing device with a heath theme is believed to have begun years ago at Apple, inspired by famed co-founder Steve Jobs and his battle with an illness that took his life in 2011.
Apple is fine-tuning a new mobile operating system that could allow for mobile payments and includes a health platform, which could mesh nicely with an “iWatch” for tracking activity, sleep, pulse and more and connecting to an iPhone or iPad.

Narmada waters to fuel Coca Colas new bottling plant atSanandCoca Cola bottling plant will be using about 3 Million Litres per Day (MLD) of water sourced from Narmada canal. (Reuters)
Ahmedabad | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:39 pm
Water sourced from the Narmada river has been allocated to US multinational soft-drink maker Coca Cola to manufacture soft-drinks at the company’s new Rs 500 crore bottling plant that is coming up at Sanand, near Ahmedabad, sources in the state government said.
The state government has already allotted 1.85 lakh square meters of land to Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages Pvt Ltd (HCCBPL), the largest bottling partner of Coca-Cola Company in India. This plant will manufacture soft-drinks like Coke, Sprite, Fanta and Thumbs Up within an industrial cluster which is a no-effluent zone.
“The plant will be using about three Million Litres per Day (MLD) of water sourced from the Narmada canal. This is little less than the five MLD that the company had applied for,” a senior state government official told The Indian Express.
“The requirement of Coca Cola is little more than those of the industries that are currently operating at Sanand. However, their plant will have zero-effluent discharge,” the official said adding that requisite permission from the Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB) has also been taken for the project.
This will be the company’s second plant in Gujarat after Goblej plant in Kheda district. The plant at Goblej is the second largest plant of HCCBPLin the country having about six lines that produces juice drinks, sparkling beverages and packaged drinking water. The company has invested over Rs 500 crore in this plant at Kheda, Gujarat.
Meanwhile, the upcoming plant at Sanand is expected to produce 450 kilo litres of effluent discharge per day, stated government sources said. A questionnaire sent to the company last week about how the company plans to source the water and how it will handle the effluents generated at the plant did not evoke any response.
Currently, about 20 MLD of Narmada water is being supplied to industries in Sanand which houses automobile companies like Tata Motors and Ford Motors. The state government has made a provision to allocate 90 MLD of Narmada water for Sanand as and when required.
Coca-Cola already has 24 manufacturing locations in India which is currently the seventh largest market for it’s products, globally. The company envisages India as amongst the top five markets at the end of 2020.

Israel offers help in Ganga cleaningprojectPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:34 pm
Israel has expressed interest in sharing its expertise on water purification and waste water treatment under Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s pet project for cleaning river Ganga.
The Centre had set a target of three years to rejuvenate the polluted holy river Ganga and has formed an integrated plan ‘Namaami Gange’ in this regard.
“We have already met the Union Water Resources Minister Uma Bharti and the concerned Secretary few times, we want to be involved. We offered our knowledge, technology and technical know-how (for the project),” Israel’s Head of Economic and Trade Mission Yonatan Ben-Zaken said.
Speaking on sidelines of a seminar on ‘Water Security & Waste Water Management’, he said Israel is known for its capabilities and expertise in waste water treatment, purification and water reuse for agriculture and industry.
“We are in talks and we think that cleaning industrial pollutants from the river (Ganga) should be first priority,” Yonatan said.
Emphasising on the need to make Ganga rejuvenation a mass movement, Modi had yesterday said the first priority of the Namaami Gange mission should be to prevent fresh generation of pollutants.
Modi was chairing the first high level meeting of the mission.
As many as 11 Israeli companies participated at the seminar, which was a B2B (business-to-business) interaction between Israeli and Indian companies.
The companies included Aqwise, Biopetroclean, Amiad, Ayala Aqua and Nisco.
The 25 Indian companies that were invited for the event included L&T, Punj Lloyd, IVRCL, Essar, Engineers India Ltd (EIL), Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd (BHEL) and National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC).

Shooting Burma in real locations was challenging  saysdirector'Burma', which is slated for release Friday, features Michael Thangadurai, Reshmi Menon in lead roles.
Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:34 pm
First-time director Dharani Dharan says shooting his forthcoming Tamil directorial debut ‘Burma’ in real locations of north Madras, was challenging as it required them to shoot in places where acquiring permission was “difficult”.
“Most of the story takes place in real places in north Madras. To shoot in these locations was extremely challenging. We shot in highly crowded places like Royapuram, Pudhupet and Ennore,” Dharani told IANS.
‘Burma’, which is slated for release Friday, features Michael Thangadurai, Reshmi Menon in lead roles. It is based on carjacking.
The makers used some highly expensive cars for shooting the film.
“My film doesn’t feature extreme chase sequences, but still we used a car worth Rs.1.5 crore. To shoot with it on real roads was another challenge. We had to be extremely careful while using it because it was offered free of cost by a luxury car brand,” he said.
The brand’s team was impressed with Dharani’s script and offered a luxurious car for the shoot.
Dharani, who had plans to rope in popular faces for ‘Burma’, finally decided to go with newcomers because people didn’t believe in his script.
“I met a lot of top heroes with my script, but nobody was ready to listen to me. They felt my story was very offbeat. They showed the least interest because the project is not funded by a popular production house,” he said.
He still managed to cast popular character artists such as Atul Kulkarni and Sampath Raj in important roles.
“Atul and Sampath really liked the script. They agreed to work for lesser remuneration than what they usually charge. I don’t know how much they charge, but I’m aware they’re very popular, so one can imagine how much they must be getting paid,” he said.
The unusual title of ‘Burma’ is based on the name of a real-life carjacker in north Madras.
Most of the story takes place in real places in north Madras. To shoot in these locations was extremely challenging. We shot in highly crowded places like Royapuram, Pudhupet and Ennore

Kejriwal threatens stir against BJP s attempt to form Delhi govtComments
Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Kejriwal on Tuesday revealed the contents of the Delhi lieutenant governor's letter to the president and alleged that  he was biased towards the BJP.
The letter from the L-G Najeeb Jung dated September 4 appeals to the president to give approval for calling the BJP, to form the government in Delhi.
"Every effort must be made to form a popular government  before recommending dissolution of assembly...I shall be grateful if the president grants approval to invite BJP, the single largest party, to form the government," the letter said.
Read: Delhi govt formation: Centre gets a month's time from Supreme Court
The language and tenor of the L-G's letter showed that the L-G was clearly favouring the BJP, Kejriwal claimed.
The L-G's letter also said that it won't be in public interest to hold polls in such a short time span. AAP received a copy of the letter as they were petitioners in the Supreme Court against the L-G's move to invite the BJP.
Kejriwal threatens street meetings
Arvind Kejriwal on Tuesday threatened to take to the streets to prevent the BJP from forming a government in Delhi.
"We will hold demonstrations across Delhi to spread awareness. The attempts of the BJP to form a government by breaking other parties has to be stopped at all costs," Kejriwal said at a news conference a day after he released a video showing a local BJP leader trying to "buy the support of" an AAP MLA.
Kejriwal also said he would take the 'sting tape' to the president and request him not to allow the Delhi lieutenant governor to call the BJP to form the government.
"Even after the sting operation the BJP is claiming that it has got the support of seven more MLAs, then it is the height of shame," he said.
The AAP chief also claimed that his party was in touch with all MLAs, including Congress and AAP members, not to seek support, but to convince them that there should be fresh elections.
The sting video showed the vice president of the BJP's Delhi state unit, Sher Singh Dagar,  allegedly offering money to AAP MLA Dinesh Mohaniya in return for support. Kejriwal alleged that the BJP offered Rs. 4 crore each to four AAP legislators to buy their support.

San Miguel sells Philippine Airlines stakeLast updated: September 9, 2014 4:30 pm
San Miguel sells $1bn stake back to Philippine Airlines
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b758d5ea-37d5-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mahindra Group donates Rs 2 crore for J&K flood disaster reliefTweet
Mumbai, Sept 9:  
The Mahindra Group announced a donation of Rs 2 crore to the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund to aid to disaster relief operations in Jammu & Kashmir.
"The Mahindra Group shares the distress and concern of the Prime Minister and the people of India, over the tragedy that has befallen the people of Jammu & Kashmir. This donation is our contribution to the state, to help it overcome this terrible catastrophe," said group Chairman Anand Mahindra.
In addition, the group's engineering consulting services arm Mahindra Consulting Engineers will develop an eco-friendly village cluster with disaster resistant dwelling units in the state, it said in a press statement.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Reliance Life Insurance launches new endowment planTweet
New Delhi, Sept 9:  
Reliance Life Insurance, part of Reliance Capital, has launched an endowment insurance plan by the name 'Reliance Fixed Savings'.
Reliance Fixed Savings is a non-linked, non-participating and non-variable endowment insurance plan that helps a policyholder create a corpus for securing future goals through systematic savings over a period of time.
The new insurance plan offers guaranteed benefits, including fixed regular additions that accrue every year.
The plan also offers an additional lumpsum of maturity along with a life cover to protect the family of the insured, said a release issued by RLI.
"Reliance Fixed Savings has been designed to prpvide risk-averse customers the core value of long term savings and protection", the release quoted Anup Rau, CEO, RLI as saying.
"The uniqueness of the plan lies in fixed regular additions that will be rewarded to policyholders throughout the policy tenure in addition to the life cover".
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Honoured that Goli Soda is going to Busan film fest:Director(Source: Movie Still)
Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:05 pm
Cinematographer-turned-director S.D. Vijay Milton feels honoured that his Tamil directorial debut “Goli Soda”, a coming-of-age story of street urchins, will be screened at the upcoming 19th Busan International Film Festival.
The festival is scheduled to take place between Oct 2 and 11.
“We as a team are so proud that our film is going to Busan film fest. Ours might have been a small film, but we made it with a big heart. This is a great honour for ‘Goli Soda’. My film’s producer and I are planning to attend the screening,” Milton told IANS.
“Goli Soda”, which is one of the most successful Tamil films of the year, will be screened Oct 2 under the category ‘A Window on Asian Cinema’.
Other Indian films to be screened at Busan film fest include “Haider”, “Finding Fanny”, “Margarita, with a Straw”, “Labour of Love” and “Zahir”.
Milton is currently directing Tamil thriller “10 Enradhukulla” with actor Vikram.

Video: Aerial view of immersion as Mumbai says goodbye toGanpatiPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:48 pm
Amid unprecedented security, the metropolis, which paid obeisance to Lord Ganesh for the last 11 days, bid adieu to the elephant-headed God by immersing thousands of his idols in the sea and artificial ponds, marking an end to Maharashtra’s most popular festival.
Here is an aerial view of the immersion.
Devotees in large numbers were seen lined up on both sides of the roads and also on buildings to take a glimpse of Ganesh idols during the immersion processions amidst a riot of colours, traditional dance and music.
Over 12,000 big and small idols of the elephant-headed God were immersed at 27 artificial ponds and 72 points at beach fronts at Girgaon, Shivaji Park, Juhu and Malad Marve Road among others till 6 PM, civic officials said.
With PTI inputs

Investors Put in Rs. 1 Lakh Crore in Mutual Fund Schemes in AugustYou are here: Home Market
Investors Put in Rs 1 Lakh Crore in Mutual Fund Schemes in August
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 09, 2014 13:37 (IST)
DLF Falls 3%, Real Estate Stocks Under Pressure
New Delhi:
Investors have pumped in over Rs 1 lakh crore in various mutual fund schemes in August, making it the second consecutive monthly inflow.
As per the latest data available with the Securities and Exchange Board of India, investors have put in Rs 1,00,181 crore in mutual fund schemes (MF) last month after pouring in a staggering Rs 1,13,216 crore in July.
Prior to that, there was an outflow of Rs 59,726 crore in June.
At gross level, MFs mobilised Rs 43.67 lakh crore in August, while there were redemptions worth Rs 42.67 lakh crore as well. This resulted in a net inflow of over Rs 1 lakh crore.
This significant level of funds mobilisation has also led to increase in the total assets under management of MFs that surged to Rs 10.12 lakh crore as on August 31, from Rs 10.06 lakh crore in the previous month.
According to market analysts, investors have put in most of the money in equity mutual fund and equity-linked savings schemes.
MF is an investment vehicle that pools funds from many investors for investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
The strong inflow in MF schemes coincided with a gain in BSE's benchmark Sensex by around three per cent last month.
Overall, during the current financial year so far (April-August), MF on a net basis have mobilised around Rs 3 lakh crore as compared to Rs 53,783 crore garnered in the entire 2013-14 fiscal.
Story first published on: September 09, 2014 13:37 (IST)

SBI Magnum Multiplier Plus Scheme announces dividendSep 09, 2014, 02.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SBI Magnum Multiplier Plus Scheme announces dividend
SBI Magnum Multiplier Plus Scheme announces dividend, the record date for dividend is September 12, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SBI Magnum Multiplier Plus Scheme announces dividend
SBI Magnum Multiplier Plus Scheme announces dividend, the record date for dividend is September 12, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
SBI Mutual Fund has announced dividend under the dividend option in regular plan of SBI Magnum Multiplier Plus Scheme . The record date for declaration of dividend is September 12, 2014.
The quantum of dividend will be Rs 11.50 per unit as on record date on the face value of Rs 10 per unit.
Q

Templeton India Equity Income Fund announces dividendSep 09, 2014, 02.05 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Templeton India Equity Income Fund announces dividend
Templeton India Equity Income Fund announces dividend, the record date for dividend is September 12, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Templeton India Equity Income Fund announces dividend
Templeton India Equity Income Fund announces dividend, the record date for dividend is September 12, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Franklin Templeton Mutual Fund  has announced dividend under the dividend plan and direct - dividend plan of  Franklin India Equity Income Fund . The record date for declaration of dividend is September 12, 2014.
The amount of dividend will be Rs 0.70 per unit on the face value of Rs 10 per unit.
Q

Centre seeks 4 weeks  time for Delhi govt formation from SCSep 09, 2014, 02.04 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Centre seeks 4 weeks' time for Delhi govt formation from SC
The Centre told the apex court that Lieutenant General Najeeb Jung had recommended that the Bharatiya Janata Party, the largest party in Assembly, be allowed to form government in Delhi.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Centre seeks 4 weeks' time for Delhi govt formation from SC
The Centre told the apex court that Lieutenant General Najeeb Jung had recommended that the Bharatiya Janata Party, the largest party in Assembly, be allowed to form government in Delhi.
Post your opinion here
 
As the political slugfest between Bharatiya Janata Party and Aam Aadmi Party regarding government formation in Delhi continues, the Centre on Tuesday sought four weeks' time from Supreme Court on the matter.
The Centre told the apex court that Lieutenant General Najeeb Jung had recommended that the Bharatiya Janata Party, the largest party in Assembly, be allowed to form government in Delhi.
SC told Centre to conclude process of forming government in Delhi quickly because if it does not happen horse trading will continue.
Jung had written to President Pranab Mukherjee on the stalemate in Delhi, government told the court. It added that the matter was under consideration by the President.
SC granted Centre time till October 10 to reply about the outcome of political consultations on government formation in Delhi on a petition by AAP.
Delhi has been under President Rule since February 17 following the resignation of the AAP government which was in power for 49 days.
BJP along with its ally Akali Dal had won 32 seats in the 70-member Assembly. However, BJP's tally was reduced to 28 after three of its MLAs were elected as Member of Parliament. AAP had won 28 seats of which it now has just 27 seats as it had expelled Laxmi Nagar MLA Vinod Kumar Binny. Congress has just 8 seats in the Assembly. One seat each is occupied by an Independent and Janata Dal United.
With three MLAs having moved to Parliament, the current strength of House stands at 67. BJP, being the single largest party at 28 needs to attain 5 more seats to reach the halfway mark of 34. It enjoys the support of Akali Dal MLA Manjinder Singh Sirsa.
In a situation where the original capacity of the Assembly is considered, which is 70, BJP-SAD alliance needs 6 more seats to cross the halfway mark of 35.
The Aam Aadmi Party is firm that it would not allow BJP to form government in Delhi. It released a video on Monday which allegedly showed BJP Deputy President Sher Singh Dagar indulging in horse trading.
Kejriwal, meanwhile, slammed Jung for recommending BJP to form government in Delhi. He said, "We got to know that the L-G has filed a petition for BJP. This is very bad. It is as if he is batting for BJP."
RELATED NEWS

MF assets rise to a new record high of Rs 10.13 trillionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rajasthan Governor calls on ModiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Power  metal shares weak ahead of Supreme Court s coal block decisionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian markets languish in the redThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India most optimistic on hiring plans for next 3 monthsHi Guest
India most optimistic on hiring plans for next 3 months
Indian employers have strongest hiring plans when compared to their global peers for the October-December quarter of this year on hopes of a speedy economic revival, says a ManpowerGroup report. According to the Manpower Employment Outlook Survey released today, Indian employers anticipate a "vigorous" hiring pace for the next three months with as many as 46 per cent employers planning to increase their staff strength. Globally, fourth quarter hiring confidence is strongest in India, Taiwan and ...

Iran to not tolerate further US sanctionsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Once turnaround happens it will shoot to 70-110 that can take 2-3 yrs...New Member
0 Follower
pls suggest for Hotel Lila i have 1500 share buying price is 38.15.Now today 24.95 this price are good price for sell or wait some more time .
11.47 AM Sep 8th

Is this call still valid coming down 1028 making low...Chief of Bureau, CNBC-TV18 Mumbai
2738
Financial Markets Anchor & Research Analyst
14280
Head - Research
3045
Rupee hits 62 to dollar despite strong FII flows. Do you see the currency weakening further by end of this month?
Yes

Crossed 52 week high  technicals extremely bullishCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Solver: Autistic teen s care threatened by  system...With the clock ticking and no resolution in sight,  Grzywa emailed "What's Your Problem?" on Aug. 22.
"It's very important," she said.
The Problem Solver contacted Januari Smith, a spokeswoman for the Illinois Department of Human Services, and forwarded Aaron's information. The next day, a department representative called Grzywa and told her the agency had straightened things out.
Smith blamed the error on a "system glitch."
"Under statute, a case is automatically cancelled when a child turns 19. In this particular instance, there were two simultaneous active cases in the system — one for his care prior to turning 19 and another in anticipation of him turning 19," Smith said in an email. "Unfortunately, when the system automatically cancelled the case when he turned 19, it also affected the other case. This is very rare."
Smith said the administration is committed to providing services and support to help people with developmental disabilities live more independently.
"Therefore, we quickly reviewed the case and fixed the issue to ensure Aaron continues to receive necessary services," Smith said. "We have personally reached out to his mother and the provider to assure them that the issue has been resolved."
"It was just a quirky, weird thing," Grzywa said.
Grzywa said the Department of Human Services  representative told her that future bills should be paid without issue. The agency backdated the switch to the Medicaid transition date, meaning the unpaid bills from Aaron's providers will also be paid, she said.
Importantly, Aaron's services will continue uninterrupted.
Grzywa said she's still frustrated that she could not get a response from the Department of Human Services  before she contacted the Problem Solver, but she's ecstatic the situation has  been resolved.
"We should be good," she said. "I'm just very happy."
facebook.com/chitribproblem

Real Estate market is encouraging in long runStory
Buoyant in the long run
Real estate sector is a major job creator avenue but certain drawbacks are creating hurdle in its full-fledged development
   Edition: September 2014
Buoyant in the long run
The real estate sector, which is a major job creator and wealth generating avenue, has also been saddled with drawbacks like inventory pile-up, high prices, regulatory inefficiency and dwindling sales.
Rapid land and infrastructure development in smaller cities and towns, backed by bank loans, higher earnings and improved standards of living has given a boost to housing and construction demand. The BJP government's aim of constructing 100 smart cities is a move to ease migration burden on tier-I cities and accommodate the rising quantum of floating population with adequate facilities.
These cities will be developed as satellite towns of larger cities and by modernising existing mid-sized cities. However, these cities, in themselves, may not be major contributors to the real estate sector because the developer market in tier-II cities is quite small. Robust infrastructure framework and sound development in real estate go hand in hand.
Delay in approvals and weak infrastructure policies have crippled the full-fledged development for long. Unless there is a marked progress on this front, real estate growth will be stifled. The new Government's maiden budget focuses on boosting infrastructure through the PPP mode. Schemes for development of airports in tier-I and tier-II cities have also been proposed.
Infrastructural changes are helpful only when they bring about land efficiencies, which implies cheaper land at a commutable distance. Moderation in land prices is a must. In the Union Budget 2014-15, the Government has taken concrete steps to boost affordable housing. It allocated Rs 4,000 crore for low-cost housing schemes. Along with this, the Finance Minister has also hinted that there will soon be a relaxation of FDI norms for the affordable housing sector.
With steps like this, the real estate sector can be highly hopeful of diminishing gap between demand and supply for low-cost housing. Also Government has emphasised the importance of availability of cheap credit to make housing affordable for economically weaker sections (EWS), lower income groups (LIG) and middle income groups (MIG) segments of the population. Housing loans will be eligible under priority sector lending by the RBI and also housing loans to individuals up to Rs 50 lakh for houses of values up to Rs 65 lakh located in the six metropolitan centres viz. Mumbai, New Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Bengaluru and Hyderabad and Rs 40 lakh for houses of values up to Rs 50 lakh in other centres for the purchase or construction of dwelling unit per family.
The recent move to introduce REITs, or Real Estate Investment Trusts, is quite a progressive one as well. REITs have great potential to tap cash flow into the Indian economy, and help smaller investors to access income-generating real estate assets, without having to invest a large amount. Providing tax incentives to REITs for investment in housing, especially the affordable housing sector, will increase chances of its success.
One of the important aspects affecting the health of real estate sector is the pricing rationale. When considering this aspect, the availability of capital in the system should be evaluated.
The increasing number of private equity and relaxed norms for FDI has definitely brought in more funds and liquidity to the capital-starved real estate, but has the money been put to intended use? The excess fund flow from overseas had resulted in undue complacence and developers feel no requirement to lower prices to push sales. The result is exorbitant price levels in Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR) and NCR.
However, at the same time, it would be unfair to place the entire blame on developers. The money coming in demands an internal rate of return (IRR) of 20-25% and the developers are obliged to fulfill it. Thus, they put the stakes in high priced luxury projects to real returns.
These few projects have the ability to spoil the entire economic balance in real estate and eventually this money plays dirty role in creating inefficiencies. Excess capital leads to a vicious circle which eventually serves no purpose. Prices are pushed up because developers no longer feel the need to keep reasonable pricing to push sales.
Everything from the land prices to the construction cost becomes inflated, leading to delays in deliveries and pushing away the end-users. It is a quagmire where the investor is just left in the lurch and the so-called capital fails to generate returns. Another detrimental upshot of this occurrence is the proliferation of speculators and investors.
After burning their fingers in saturated and unproductive markets like MMR and NCR, investors shifted focus to the IT hubs Pune and Bengaluru in 2009-10. Both these cities, with similar dynamics, became the apple of every overseas investor and began to see huge influx of funds.
Reits have great potential to tap cash flow into the indian economy, and help smaller investors to access incomegenerating real estate assets, without having to invest a large amount, says Pankaj Kapoor, founder and MD of Liases Foras
This is where the problems started arising. The cities witnessed about 20% price rise in 2012-13 when their sole driving factor, the IT sector was not doing well. These two cities are the classic examples of how prices are inflated due to massive influx of money. The FDI and PE money flooded both these markets and led to a surge in the price levels making it more of a speculative investor-driven market.
The prices are thus rendered `unproductive and sales have declined. The real estate sector has been grappling with the burden of high construction cost since long which is also a primary reason for high home prices in most micro markets.
Construction cost has about doubled in two years, while government's imposition of taxes and premiums has also shot up significantly. Recent development such as rise in sand prices due to ban on sand mafia and closure of quarry mines in Tamil Nadu have accentuated the pressure. This leaves no option for developers but to raise the apartment prices.
Unless the government is forthcoming with its policies and easing the bottle necks, this will weigh on the realty sector and eliminate scope of reduction in prices. The long term perspective of the market is very encouraging. However, in the short term, unless there is price correction sales are not likely to improve, we do not see efficiencies coming in. With more money flowing, market seems to remain inefficient and is set for a time correction prolonged over 2-3 years.
The author is Pankaj Kapoor, founder and MD, Liases Foras

Monarch Catalyst paves green path for othersMonarch Catalyst Director Krishnan Muthukumar.
BT-YES Bank Best SME Survey
MONARCH CATALYST
Mumbai-based Monarch Catalyst is a global catalyst supplier. It primarily supplies nickel, recovered from spent catalysts (used/deactivated catalysts) and also imported, to the industry.
Full coverage: India's Best SMEs
Founded in 1974, the company prides itself on being environmentally and socially responsible. Monarch buys all the spent catalyst, largely hazardous waste,  from its clients, recovers the nickel using environmentally sound processes and sells it back to them. The processed nickel is largely used in the manufacture of oils and oleo chemicals.
Click to watch video of Monarch Catalyst Director Muthukumar
Monarch is the only catalyst company in India authorised to treat nickel waste. "We started this business (of recovering nickel from spent catalysts) and it gave us an economic advantage because our costs were lower since we didn't have to import as much," says Muthukumar, Director, Monarch Catalyst.
Monarch currently serves customers in 36 countries including the US, Germany, Malaysia and Indonesia. Its Indian clients include Godrej, Ranbaxy and Lupin. "We have never had an issue with Monarch," says Nitin S. Nabar, Executive Director and President (Chemicals), Godrej Industries. It also saves the company from bothering about managing the spent catalyst, he adds.

Asus ZenFone 5 justifies its price tagPrice: Rs 9,999
Rating: 4.5/5
Specs: 5-inch display, 8 MP camera, 1.6 GHz Intel Atom dual core processor, 2 GB RAM, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, 3G, 2000 mAh battery
A popular name in the computing space, Asus once used to sell Windows smartphones in India too. It is now back in action with its Zen-Fone smartphones. The one we are putting to test is the ZenFone 5.
The design of the ZenFone 5 isn't praiseworthy but we can't complain as it is priced aggressively at Rs 9,999.
The phone packs in a 5-inch display at the front and has got a white plastic rear panel. The power control along the volume is on the right edge. ASUS ZenFone and Intel Inside branding is prominently placed at the back.
Unlike other smartphones that run on the latest version of the operating system and is either on Media Tek chipset or Qualcomm, this one has none. It runs on Android 4.3 and has got 1.6 GHz Intel dual core Z2560 processor. It is couple with 2 GB of RAM. It also has a custom UI which simple to use.
Considering its price, the ZenFone is a performer as there isn't any lag. The phone could be used for daily operations and casual gaming too.
There is a PixelMaster camera onboard that claims to combine 4 pixels into one to improve light sensitivity. The 8 MP rear camera performs outdoors and even in low light environment. The 2000 mAh battery onboard is a let down as it struggles to last a day on heavy usage.
BAG IT OR JUNK IT:
The ASUS ZenFone 5 justifies its price tag.

Xiaomi Mi3 is a winner all the wayStory
Winner all the way
Xiaomi Mi3 is a winner for offering specs that are found in phones costing more than Rs 30,000.
Nidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Edition: August 2014
Xiaomi Mi3
Xiaomi, known as the Apple of China , entered India with the Mi3 , which was announced in its home country last September.
The Mi3 resembles the high-end Lumia smartphones, minus plastic. It has an aluminium-magnesium chassis and the matt silver finish looks nice. The 5-inch IPS panel with full HD resolution is great to work on. The touch is responsive and I was comfortable using the phone with one hand. For display, other than the default themes, Xiaomi gives access to its Theme Store, from where free themes can be downloaded.
Mi3 doesn't pack the default Android UI . Indeed, the MIUI adopts some UI features from iPhone as well where all the apps are on the home screen and there isn't an app launcher tray.
The smartphone runs on Qualcomm's Snapdragon 800 chipset, the same chipset which does duty on LG G2 and Sony Xperia Z1. The Mi3 has a quad core processor clocked at 2.3Ghz and is paired with 2GB of RAM. This ensures a lag-free performance but at times I did notice that the phone froze for a couple of seconds while charging. Playing Asphalt 8 and Dead Trigger 2 was a treat on this phone. Web browsing was smooth.
Overall, the experience was fluid. It packs in a 13MP camera, which is the best in its price category. The Mi3 does a great job in low-light conditions. The camera has a QR code built-in.
Xiaomi allows users to get rid of pre-installed apps they do not want to use, a much-needed feature in all smartphones . The MIUI constantly improves with frequent software updates being pushed to the customers.
With the increasing display size of the smartphones, battery plays a vital role. The Mi3 has a 3050mAh battery that lasted me more than a day on full charge with heavy usage.
VERDICT:

Government to auction coal blocks by end of FY 15Government to auction coal blocks by end of FY 15
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 16:13 IST
Of the 218 illegal allocations, 80 were already de-allocated prior to the verdict (Photo: Reuters)
As the government awaits Supreme Court's decision on the mines allotted since 1993, Ministry of Power and Coal is firming up plans to commence the auction process by the end of current financial year (2014-15).
The apex court will continue the hearing on the fate of coal blocks allotted between 1993 and 2011 on Tuesday. Last month, the Supreme Court had held that all 218 allocations made from 1993 to 2011 are illegal and arbitrary.
According to sources, the Ministry of Power and Coal is planning to auction the blocks, allocation of which may be scrapped by the apex court, by the end of the fiscal.
"The entire process of coal block auction will take at least 6 months," the source said.
The consequences of declaring the allocations illegal would be considered on Tuesday taking into account the investments made by companies for various projects and the procedure to be adopted for cancellation.
Of the 218 allocations, 80 were already de-allocated prior to the verdict. Of the remaining 138, 40 are operational with clear licences, while six others are ready to start operations.
The government had urged the apex court to spare 46 coal blocks - 40 functional ones and six which are ready to start operations.
The SC has asked Centre, the three Associations - Coal Producers Association , Sponge Iron Manufacturers Association and Independent Power Producers Association of India - and petitioners to file their affidavits.
When asked whether his ministry is prepared to hold auctions if the apex court cancels all the allotted mines, Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal said on Sunday, "We are ready for every scenario."
However, he did not elaborate the timeline for coal block auctions.
The apex court, on August 25, held that all coal blocks allocated during the last 17 years since 1993 by various regimes at the Centre were done illegally and arbitrarily, bringing uncertainty to the fate of 218 block allocations and consequential investments to the tune of around Rs 2 lakh crore.

Mary Kom  scoops nearly Rs.30 crore in opening weekendPriyanka Chopra hopes the movie has a "wonderful run".
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 9:30 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 9:58 am
 
Bollywood film “Mary Kom” hit 1,800 screens in the country and raked in Rs.28.32 crore in the opening weekend with maximum collections from Delhi and Mumbai. The film is going housefull in Assam and Meghalaya, but the overall contribution to the box office earnings from the region is just one per cent, said trade experts. (Read review: Mary Kom )
About Manipur’s five-time World boxing champion M.C. Mary Kom , the film hit 72 cinemas in Assam and just two in Meghalaya. The footfall is overwhelming, but the total contribution is not much.
“The subject of the film is known and Mary is from the northeast, so naturally there are sentiments attached,” a distributor from Assam told IANS.
“There were many students who watched it on the first day itself. In both Assam and Meghalaya, the shows were houseful. Many were left inspired and clapped in the end of the film too,” he added.
The northeast region, made of eight states, also including Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura and Sikkim, has a handful of operational cinema halls.
“The Assam government is trying to pull the crowds by exempting entertainment tax on ‘ Mary Kom ‘. But only one percent contribution was made to the domestic box office collection,” said the distributor.
Assam’s Ashiq Zaman, a government official, was lucky to watch it on the first day and he found it “inspiring”, but he was not too convinced with Priyanka Chopra in the title role.
“Northeast states are hardly highlighted in mainstream cinema, so I wanted to see how they would present Manipur and its people. Priyanka has done well, but it was like watching Tom Hanks (Hollywood actor) playing Muhammad Ali (former African American boxer),” said Zaman.
“There were lot of Manipuri people in the audience. About 50 percent of the audience must have been Manipuri who are staying in Assam,” he added.
Meanwhile, producers are trying to release the film in Kom’s hometown, where around 60 to 70 films in Meitei language are made in a year. But Hindi films screenings are banned since early 2000 due to an insurgent groups’ diktat.
“Manipur release was initiated earlier, but there was no positive response as Hindi films are not screened there. However, all efforts are in the direction of getting a theatrical release in Manipur,” said a source from Viacom18 Motion Pictures.
Whether it releases in Manipur or not, the people in the state are certainly not going to miss it.
“Hindi movies are banned in Manipur, but there are so many CDs available in the market. If not theatre, people here will definitely get their hands continued…

Ganesh Chaturthi ends with visarjanpicture  others
Ganesh Chaturthi ends with visarjan
Civic authorities and city police have made elaborate arrangements as over 2 lakh idols of Lord Ganesha are expected to be immersed in Mumbai on Monday as part of the Ganpati Visarjan.
Ganesh immersion procession is seen in Mumbai on Monday. (Source: Express photos By Pradip Das)
Huge crowd gathers for Lalbaughcha Raja Ganpati visarjan in Mumbai. (Source: Express photo by Kevin Dsouza)
Devotees take the Ganpati for immersion in Mumbai. (Source: Express photo by Pradip Das)
A road is clogged as people take the Ganpati in a procession for immersion in Mumbai. (Source: Express photos By Pradip Das)
The Mumbai police has also made extensive security arrangements for the occasion, with nearly 47,000 police personnel keeping a hawk's eye on the metropolis. (Source: Express photos By Pradip Das)
Ganpati seated on a  huge seat made for him leaves for immersion. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
The Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai (MCGM) said that more than 2 lakh Lord Ganesha idols are expected to be immersed in as many as 72 points and 27 artificial immersion spots across the city. (Source: Express photos by Prashant Nadkar)
Traffic on the streets of Mumbai comes to halt as Ganpati is taken for immersion. (Source: Express photo by Pradip Das)
A large crowd gathered to bid farewell to the Lalbaughcha Raja. (Source: Express photo by Kevin D'Souza)
The Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai (MCGM) said that more than 2 lakh Lord Ganesha idols are expected to be immersed in as many as 72 points and 27 artificial immersion spots across the city. (Source: Express photo by Kevin D'Souza)
MCGM said it has deployed 404 lifeguards at various beaches in the city and pressed 67 mobile medical centres into service in case of any emergency. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
The civic body has also installed 278 closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras on roads that lead to major immersion points in the city. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
"We have also made available 55 motor boats for devotees to be used for immersing Ganpati idols in the sea,” an MCGM official said. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
To ensure that women devotees can participate in the celebrations without hassle, we have put up 77 mobile toilets on roads," an MCGM official said. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Deputy Police Commissioner (Spokesperson) Dhananjay Kulkarni said, "Besides the city police, personnel drawn from Quick Response Teams, the Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad, State Reserve Police Force, Central Reserve Police Force and Rapid Action Force have also been deployed to oversee the tight security across the city." (Source: Express photo by Prashat Nadkar)
Youngsters are seen celebrating the last day of Ganpati Festival in Mumbai. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Dhananjay Kulkarni also said that about 10 per cent of policemen have been assigned a special task to keep a watch on eve-teasers and anti-social elements. (Source: Express photo by Prashat Nadkar)
Related

The  Wall Street Journal  Parade of Climate Liesreddit
That Rupert Murdoch governs over a criminal media empire has been made clear enough in the UK courts in recent years.  That the Wall Street Journal op-ed pages, the latest victim of Murdoch's lawless greed, are little more than naked propaganda is perhaps less appreciated.  The Journal runs one absurd op-ed after another purporting to unmask climate change science, but only succeeds in unmasking the crudeness and ignorance of Murdoch's henchmen.  Yesterday's (September 5) op-ed by Matt Ridley is a case in point.
Ridley's "smoking gun" is a paper last week in Science Magazine by two scientists Xianyao Chen and Ka-Kit Tung, which Ridley somehow believes refutes all previous climate science.  Ridley quotes a sentence fragment from the press release suggesting that roughly half of the global warming in the last three decades of the past century (1970-2000) was due to global warming and half to a natural Atlantic Ocean cycle.  He then states that "the man-made warming of the past 20 years has been so feeble that a shifting current in one ocean was enough to wipe it out altogether," and "That to put the icing on the case of good news, Xianyao Chen and Ka-Kit Tung think the Atlantic Ocean may continue to prevent any warming for the next two decades."
The Wall Street Journal editors don't give a hoot about the nonsense they publish if it serves their cause of fighting measures to limit human-induced climate change.  If they had simply gone online to read the actual paper, they would have found that the paper's conclusions are the very opposite of Ridley's.
First, the paper makes perfectly clear that the Earth is warming in line with standard climate science, and that the Earth's warming is unabated in recent years.  In the scientific lingo of the paper (it's very first line, so Ridley didn't have far to read!), "Increasing anthropogenic greenhouse-gas-emissions perturb Earth's radiative equilibrium, leading to a persistent imbalance at the top of the atmosphere (TOA) despite some long-wave radiative adjustment."  In short, we humans are filling the atmosphere with carbon dioxide from fossil-fuel use, and we are warming the planet.
Second, the total warming is distributed between the land and ocean surface on the one hand and the ocean deep water on the other.  The total rise of ocean heat content has continued unabated, while the proportion of heat absorbed at the surface and in the deeper ocean varies over time.  Again, in the scientific lingo of the paper, "[T]his forced total OHC [ocean heat content] should be increasing monotonically over longer periods even through the current period of slowed warming.  In fact, that expectation is verified by observation ...".  In other words, the ocean has continued to warm in line with predictions of just such a phenomenon seen in climate models.
Third, it is the "vertical distribution" of the warming, between the surface and deep water, which affects the warming observed on land and at the sea surface.  The point of the paper is that the allocation of the warming vertically varies over time, sometimes warming the surface rapidly, other times warming the deeper ocean to a great extent and the surface water less rapidly.  According to the paper, the period of the late 20th century was a period in which the surface was warmed relative to the deeper ocean.  The period since 2000 is the opposite, with more warming of the deeper ocean.  How do the scientists know?  They measure the ocean temperature at varying depths with a sophisticated system of "Argo profiling floats," which periodically dive into the ocean depths to take temperature readings and resurface to transmit them to the data centers.
So, what is Ridley's "smoking gun" when you strip away his absurd version of the paper?  It goes like this.  The Earth is continuing to warm just as greenhouse gas theory holds.  The warming heats the land and the ocean.  The ocean distributes some of the warming to the surface waters and some to the deeper waters, depending on the complex circulation of ocean waters.  The shares of warming of the surface and deeper ocean vary over time, in fluctuations that can last a few years or a few decades.
If the surface warming is somewhat less in recent years than in the last part of the 20th century, is that reason for complacency?  Hardly.  The warming is continuing, and the consequences of our current trajectory will be devastating unless greenhouse gas emissions (mainly carbon dioxide) are stopped during this century.  As Chen and Tung conclude in their Science paper, "When the internal variability [of the ocean] that is responsible for the current hiatus [in warming] switches sign, as it inevitably will, another episode of accelerated global warming should ensue."
Mr. Murdoch, and the Wall Street Journal, can it be any clearer than this?
Follow Jeffrey Sachs on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JeffDSachs
More:

Apple or Exxon: Which is a better buyApple or Exxon: Which is a better buy?
By Paul R. La Monica  @lamonicabuzz September 8, 2014: 12:22 PM ET
 
Should you buy Apple or Exxon?
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The stock price of Apple and Exxon Mobil are both just under $100.
So if you had 10,000 pennies lying around and wanted to buy just one share of these two icons, which should it be?
It's tempting to end this story right now and just say Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ).
The world's most valuable company is about to release a new iPhone and is widely expected to be debuting a smartwatch and mobile payment system at its big event in Cupertino on Tuesday.
Related: What we want to see from Apple's big event
Shares of Apple are up more than 20% this year and are near an all-time high.
The company clearly has its mojo back. Who'd want a sleepy oil company when you can own the center of the iUniverse?
But is it really that simple?
Exxon Mobil ( XOM ), the second most valuable company on the planet, isn't exactly a dog.
Related: Stampede: Bull market on the run for 2,000 days
Sure, shares are down a little bit this year as crude prices have retreated and investors have shown concerns about declining oil production.
If you do a "tale of the tape" for the two stocks, they actually look pretty similar. Let's get ready to rumble, Wall Street style!
Valuation: Exxon wins
The oil giant is the cheaper of the two stocks. But not by much. It's valued at about 12.5 times earnings estimates for 2015, while Apple trades at more than 14 times fiscal 2015 earnings forecasts.
Dividends: Exxon wins
Both companies have strong balance sheets and reward shareholders with dividends. But the yield edge goes to Exxon. Its dividend yields about 3% compared to 2% for Apple.
Growth: Apple wins
Analysts are predicting annual earnings growth of nearly 13%, on average for Apple, over the next few years, according to FactSet. Exxon is also expected to grow earnings at a double-digit clip too -- analysts are estimating 10% growth for the next couple of years.
At the end of the day, both stocks are attractive. If you really can't decide, you could spend $200 bucks to buy one of both ... or one share of the SPDR S&P 500 ( SPY ) exchange-traded fund. Apple and Exxon are the two largest hodings in that index ETF.
Related: Top tech stocks...according to Goldman Sachs
Plus, you'd also get exposure to other market heavyweights like Microsoft ( MSFT , Tech30 ), Google ( GOOGL , Tech30 ), Johnson & Johnson ( JNJ ), General Electric ( GE ) and Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway ( BRKB ).
I also asked followers on Twitter what they would buy if they only had $100. Here are some thoughts from the social media world.
Take a bite out of the Apple!
"$aapl because the possibilities of tech are limitless whereas $xom deals with finite resources," wrote @sid_dudheria .
I drink your milkshake!
"Oil! Smartphones is a forever changing market. Oil is long term, more reliable," said @Nece_89 .
Can't we have both?"
$AAPL will outperform this product cycle bc of iPhone, $XOM is a long-term growth story," tweeted @realjohnducas .
Gamble on Apple, hold on to Exxon
"xom is for people with one Benjamin, aapl for those with spare benjis," said @adolfoyanes .
"I would day trade #aapl ahead of the announcement. I would buy #xom for a longer investment," added @rtaborn .
But -- to quote the late Dennis Hopper in "Speed" -- what do you do? What do you doooooo? Vote in our poll that's featured higher up on the left-hand side of this story.
First Published: September 8, 2014: 12:01 PM ET
Most Popular

Congress leaders Digvijaya  Azad praise Modi s response to J&K floodsSep 08, 2014 at 10:31pm IST
Congress leaders Digvijaya, Azad praise Modi's response to J&K floods
57
13
New Delhi: Congress leaders Digvijaya Singh and Ghulam Nabi Azad on Monday lauded Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his "prompt action" and "quick response" in dealing with the massive flood crisis in Jammu and Kashmir.
"Commend the rescue by DMRF, Army, Police and Security Forces in J&K and also GOI and PM for prompt action and reaching out to people in PoK," Congress General Secretary Digivijaya Singh, a known detractor of Modi, said on Twitter.
Talking to PTI, Azad, who had spoken to Modi on the matter on Saturday, said, "I had spoken to the Prime Minister. I am very happy with his response.
Thousands of houses have been damaged and hundreds of small and big bridges washed away in the calamity.
#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #floods #narendra modi
"He (Modi) was very quick to visit the state and announce a package of Rs 1,000 crore."
Modi announced the special assistance package for J&K after undertaking a day-long visit to the state on Sunday to review the situation in the flood-affected areas there.
Azad, the Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha and a former J&K chief minister, said he hoped the Centre would continue to support the relief and rehabilitation measures with unwavering enthusiasm.
He said that the relief package was welcome but, given the scale of the devastation, the state would require many thousands of crores of rupees for the reconstruction of the infrastructure which has been destroyed in the flood.
"I am sure the initial response by the Prime Minister to the flood situation will continue to hold. I hope, trust and believe in that.
"We expect the Prime Minister's support will continue with the same enthusiasm," said Azad.
He said that whatever infrastructure was created in the state over a period of 18 years since the 1996 elections -- which had brought an end to the long spell of Governor's Rule in J&K -- seems to have been totally destroyed in the floods.
Thousands of houses have been damaged and hundreds of small and big bridges washed away in the calamity.
"Of course, at the moment, the top priority for both the Centre and the state government is rescue and rehabilitation of the people who are totally cut off, not only from the rest of the state but also from one another," he said.
Singh, meanwhile, also said he will donate one month's salary to the Chief Minister's Relief Fund for Flood Relief. "We all must reach out to help the Flood Victims in J&K," he said in another tweet.
31

Hong Kong must seize the chance to chooseSeptember 8, 2014 5:15 pm
Hong Kong must seize the first chance to elect its own leaders
By C Y Leung
Successive governments have been working towards universal suffrage, writes C Y Leung
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/22864004-34ee-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jaguar unveils its new entry-level carMost stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer .
Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2014 and/or its affiliates.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

Rent the Runway to open store in GeorgetownThe exterior of 3336 M Street NW in Georgetown, where Rent the Runway will open its first area store this fall. (Courtesy of Jamestown Properties)
Rent the Runway, the designer wear rental company, will open a standalone location in Georgetown this fall.
The store is scheduled to open in mid-November in Cady’s Alley, the mini shopping district off M Street NW, according to EastBanc and Jamestown, which brokered the deal.  The 4,354-square-foot freestanding store will be the company’s second.
Rent the Runway was founded in 2009 by Harvard Business School classmates Jennifer Hyman and Jennifer Fleiss. In the years since, it has become a retail darling, offering designer gowns, purses and jewelry for one-time rentals. A Vera Wang gown that retails for $1,995, for example, is available on the company’s site to rent for $275, while $450 Balenciaga sunglasses are available for $75.
The company’s shift from browsers to brick-and-mortars mirrors a nationwide trend as online retailers increasingly look to physical locations. Internet eyeglasses retailer Warby Parker now has a handful of stores and showrooms, as do the online men’s clothier Bonobos and jewelry site BaubleBar. Most recently, Birchbox, an online subscription service that offers beauty products by mail, opened its first standalone location in New York City.
Rent the Runway made its first foray into physical retail in 2012, when it set up a 250-square-foot showroom in New York’s SoHo. Locations within the The Cosmopolitan Las Vegas hotel and casino and the Manhattan department store Henri Bendel followed late last year.
The site of the upcoming store, at 3336 M Street NW, was previously occupied by framing shop L’Eclat de Verre. The location will be considerably larger than the the 1,700-square-foot outpost in New York’s Flatiron District that opened last week.
A spokeswoman for Rent the Runway declined to comment on upcoming locations.
 
Abha Bhattarai covers local banking, retail and hospitality for The Washington Post’s Capital Business section. She has written for The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Reuters and the St. Petersburg (Fla.) Times.

Bandhan ropes in Ogilvy & Mather for building banking imageBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Lenders attack UK leverage ratio planLenders attack Bank of England’s plan for tough leverage ratio
By Sam Fleming
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/77b2e768-3777-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Niraj Chokshi and Christopher IngrahamThe end of all-knowingness is liberating.
Nov 18, 2014
Her math just doesn’t add up.
Nov 18, 2014
Lack of transparency + elitism = conservative rage
Nov 18, 2014
Could she really make Arkansas, Indiana, Missouri, Arizona and Georgia competitive?
Nov 17, 2014
What 2014 means for 2016 -- if anything.
Nov 17, 2014
Tremendous Rand Paul reference too.
Nov 17, 2014

Scott Brown just got the worst introduction everBy Aaron Blake September 8 Follow @aaronblakewp
Former senator Scott Brown (R-Mass.) is running
for Senate in New Hampshire. And, yes, occasionally his state-switching comes up -- usually from his political enemies. But, on Monday, one of Brown's supporters -- Chris Sununu,  a member of the New Hampshire executive council and son of former governor John Sununu (R) -- raised it. And he did it in about the most awkward way possible.
This is a brief transcript from the video shot by a state Democratic Party tracker (emphasis ours since Sununu jumps around a lot):
Someone came up and said, "Hey, you know, I'd love to meet Scott." ... He said, "I always thought Scott was kind of a phony from Massachusetts." And I said, you gotta sit down with him, because -- he sat down, they had their little conversation, he walked away. You know what he said? He goes, "That guy was -- he's not a -- he's a phony from New Hampshire that just happened to live in Massachusetts for a little while. He's more New Hampshire than most people we have in New Hampshire."
Now that's something you can put on a bumper sticker.
Update 10:19 a.m.: Here's a closer-in vantage point, including Brown's (lack 0f a) reaction.
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.

Meredith Vieira tries to crack the daytime talk-show codeBy Emily Yahr September 8 Follow @emilyyahr
(Paul Drinkwater/NBC)
“Why am I doing this? What was I thinking?” Meredith Vieira said at the top of her new syndicated daytime talk show on Monday afternoon. She told her cheering audience it’s the most common reaction she gets ever since she announced “The Meredith Vieira Show,” a new hour-long chatfest syndicated on NBC stations.
Those are both legitimate questions, as Vieira (“The View,” “Today” show, “Who Wants to Be a Millionaire”) is trying to do what so many before her tried and failed to accomplish: Successfully host a daytime talk show.
The concept seems like a natural one for well-known stars and media personalities when they’re looking for a new project. Daytime shows can rake in millions of dollars from advertisers, and even then, it’s a relatively low-pressure environment away from the ratings demands of primetime TV. Some — but not many — go very well: Ellen DeGeneres and Steve Harvey are two rare examples of success. But as multiple high-profile flops have proven recently, it’s much tougher than it looks.
The mission: Provide some light entertainment that people (target audience: stay-at-home moms, women ages 25 to 54) can flip on for an hour during the day. Ultimately, that’s a careful balance of celebrity interviews; general human interest features; solemn news stories; silly games; cooking segments; deadly serious health topics; dating advice; and everything in between. And the host is supposed to be so wonderfully personable on camera that the audience feels like they’re a personal friend.
It’s an incredibly hard line to walk successfully. Some can make it work: Oprah Winfrey, of course, is the gold standard with her talk show that seemingly appealed to everyone and eventually transformed into a billion-dollar business empire. When she stepped down from her show in 2011 after 25 years, the market was flooded with wannabe hosts.
The promising flops came in quick succession: Anderson Cooper, Jeff Probst, Ricki Lake, Bethenny Frankel, Kris Jenner and more. Queen Latifah’s show got renewed for another season but it’s reportedly barely hanging on. However, the one series that seemed like it was destined to be a success and was a surprise failure was Katie Couric’s “Katie” — and that’s the program that has multiple parallels to Vieira’s new venture.
Couric, the well-liked “Today” co-host who had a somewhat rocky five years as “CBS Evening News” anchor, launched an afternoon show in fall 2012 to much fanfare. Her interview skills as a veteran journalist combined with her sunny personality seemed tailor-made for the daytime format, and ABC stations across the country lined up to give her Winfrey’s former time slot.
Things started off well but took a turn for the worse. According to a detailed Hollywood Reporter story , the issues really crystalized when Couric obviously preferred to cover very serious news items, favoring her “60 Minutes”-type stories to frothy Hollywood segments. That strategy worked well when she landed big interviews such as Manti Te’o and Joe Paterno’s wife, Sue; but otherwise, daytime viewers traditionally crave less intense topics.
A former “Katie” employee told the publication that Couric wasn’t a fan of the daytime TV audience, either: “She has a complete and utter disdain for the audience she needs to appeal to.” Celebrities also reportedly didn’t like that Couric would grill them on their personal lives when they were there to just plug their latest project.
Though producers told THR that Couric worked to find a better balance of “a mix of serious journalism, celebrities and human-interest segments,” the ratings weren’t enough to justify nervous station managers across the country: The show was canceled after its second season.
Vieira’s first show on Monday mirrored Couric’s first show to a remarkable degree — she kept it very carefree, as producers and station executives hope that her warm, friendly persona will immediately connect with viewers.  If anything, it was even breezier than Couric’s debut. Vieira wore jeans and a blazer and sat comfortably in a living room set that mirrors her own design at home. She told many stories about her husband and three kids, who were in studio. Her daughter confirmed that Vieira, 60, is a classic overbearing mom who will call her kids dozens of times and assume they’re dead if they don’t pick up on the first ring.
Jennifer Lopez and Meredith Vieira (Paul Zimmerman/NBC Universal)
The “let’s humanize celebrities!” theme materialized with a Jennifer Lopez interview, as Vieira sat down with the “American Idol” judge and bantered about everything from her career to kids. Vieira asked if Lopez ever has “unsexy” moments, even though she’s one of the most beautiful women on earth. Lopez, the mom of twin six-year-olds, confirmed that it does happen.
“Nobody’s perfect all the time,” Lopez said, adding that she wakes up in the morning sometimes and says, “Oh my God, pull it together, Lopez.” (This rang very similar to Couric’s first show , when she interviewed Jessica Simpson about her battle with weight loss.)
The show really became the “Embarrassing Mom Hour” when Vieira, Lopez and “Today” host Hoda Kotb all got in a fake car together to sing karaoke. There was also a game called “Touchy Feely” where people from the audience tried to identify objects while blindfolded. It was topped off with a segment on a dance company that features young kids who have physical disabilities and helps them learn to dance — obviously, the adorable young dancers performed.
It was also generally unfocused — not surprising, as a daytime show has to be so many things at once. Vieira’s executive producer Rich Sirop told the New York Post that they watched their timeslot competitors that have done very well to get ideas: “We’re also talking about other [talk] shows and watching ‘Steve Harvey’ and ‘Ellen’ to see what’s working on those shows,” Sirop said. “And we’re watching a lot of other shows to see what’s not working — and how we would do it differently.”
Among the canceled shows, ratings was always the culprit, as the landscape just became too crowded: Anderson Cooper, who squeezed his talk show in between his CNN and “60 Minutes” gigs, revamped the show in its second season (even switching to a live audience), but it failed to impress. Kris Jenner (“Keeping Up with the Kardashians”) and Bethenny Frankel (“Real Housewives of New York City”) couldn’t translate big numbers from their respective reality shows into daytime viewers.
From the outset, there’s nothing so far on “The Meredith Vieira Show” that would appear to set it apart from the others (the premiere was equal amount heartfelt and goofy), so there’s no telling how things will play out — particularly since it seems so similar to the many that haven’t caught on. But Vieira cheerfully told the crowd that she wanted to do a talk show because she missed connecting with viewers on a daily basis, and is eager to continue telling stories on TV after 40 years in the business.
“If I do this right,” she said. “I hope to make a little difference in everyone’s life and have a lot of fun doing it.”
Emily Yahr covers pop culture and entertainment for the Post. Follow her on Twitter @EmilyYahr .

Top Colleges That Enroll Rich  Middle Class and PoorYou are here: Home Industries
Top Colleges That Enroll Rich, Middle Class and Poor
David Leonhardt, The New York Times | Updated On: September 09, 2014 09:32 (IST)
Similar Interest Rates in Banks Come Under CCI Scanner
Vassar has taken steps to hold down spending on faculty and staff. Amherst and the University of Florida have raised new money specifically to spend on financial aid for low-income students. American University reallocated scholarships from well-off students to needy ones. Grinnell set a floor on the share of every freshman class - 15 percent - whose parents didn't go to college.
Over the last decade, dozens of colleges have proclaimed that recruiting a more economically diverse student body was a top priority. Many of those colleges have not matched their words with actions. But some have.
These colleges have changed policies and made compromises elsewhere to recruit the kind of talented poor students who have traditionally excelled in high school but not gone to top colleges. A surprising number of such students never graduate from any college.
This education gap is a problem not only for the teenagers on the wrong end of it. It's a problem for the American economy. The economic differences between college graduates and everyone else have reached record levels. Yet for many low-income children - even many who get A's in high school and do well on the SAT - college remains out of reach. No wonder that upward mobility is less common in the United States than in many other rich countries.
To see which selective colleges are doing the most, and the least, to change the situation, The Upshot has analyzed data for every college with a four-year graduation rate of at least 75 percent. We combined data on enrollment and tuition costs to measure how hard each college is trying to attract and graduate poor and middle-class students. The result is our College Access Index.
Recruiting more high-achieving students from modest backgrounds, says Raynard Kington, the president of Grinnell, in central Iowa, "is the smart thing to do, because the country needs as much brainpower as we can get. And it's the right thing to do, because it's not fair that your ability to get a college education can be determined by your ability to buy an education."
Vassar, the once all-female college in the Hudson River Valley, tops our index, with Grinnell placing second. About 23 percent of Vassar's freshmen in recent years have received federal Pell grants (which mean they come from roughly the bottom 40 percent of the income distribution), up from 12 percent in 2007. After taking scholarships into account, the average annual cost of attending Vassar for lower-income students is about $6,000. Students cover much of that cost through campus jobs and loans.
The biggest theme to emerge from our analysis is that otherwise similar colleges often have very different levels of commitment to economic diversity. In this area, endowment is not destiny, and prestige is not destiny.
After Vassar, the top of the list includes some of the wealthiest colleges in the country, measured by endowment per student: Grinnell; Amherst College, in Massachusetts; Harvard; and Pomona, in Southern California. But other resource-rich colleges, including Swarthmore and the California Institute of Technology, have done substantially less.
Maybe the starkest example is Washington University in St. Louis, one of the hot colleges of recent years, having climbed to No. 14 in the U.S. News rankings last year. Only about 6 percent of the freshman class in recent years at Wash. U., as it's known, have received Pell grants, even though it is one of the country's 25 richest colleges on a per-student basis.
Colleges with many fewer resources, meanwhile, have become more diverse. Franklin and Marshall's president, Dan Porterfield, has made it a priority to recruit top students regardless of income, and the share of low-income freshmen there has more than doubled. The numbers have also risen significantly for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill; Susquehanna, in Pennsylvania; and Wheaton, a Christian college outside of Chicago.
Economic diversity at top colleges started to receive more attention about a decade ago. With traditional, race-based affirmative action under attack, university administrators began to think about other ways to enroll diverse classes. At the same time, researchers were releasing data showing that although top colleges had become diverse in many ways - race, gender, religion, geography - many of them remained decidedly affluent.
In 2004, more freshmen at the most selective private universities had fathers who were doctors than had fathers who were hourly workers, teachers, clergy members, farmers and members of the military - combined. And it wasn't simply because poor children struggled in school. Among low-income high-school seniors in 2008 who cracked the top 4 percent of students nationwide, based on grades and scores, only one of out every three attended a selective colleges, one large study found.
In the middle of last decade, Lawrence Summers, then the president of Harvard, called attention to the issue and made Harvard's financial-aid policies much more generous. Given Harvard's prominence, other colleges began to look at the situation as well.
Politics played a role, too. Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, held hearings in 2007, during which he asked whether affluent colleges were using their endowments to help students. A few years later, President Barack Obama and Congress expanded the Pell-grant program. That expansion means that the number of recipients should have risen even at colleges that did nothing to recruit more low-income students.
One of the early researchers to call attention to the lack of economic diversity was an economist named Catharine Bond Hill. In 2006, she left her post at Williams College to become president of Vassar. When she did, she said, she found a campus where people wanted a diverse student body and believed they had one - but didn't quite.
"Where we've come to is a greater recognition that maybe we weren't living up to what we thought we were doing," Hill told me. Simply announcing that the college offered scholarships wasn't enough to persuade students to apply. The college began working harder to recruit top students from all backgrounds and also increased its financial-aid budget, even when it meant saying no to other exciting ways to spend money.
"Talented, low-income kids are out there, and talented middle-income kids are out there," she said. "But the problem for schools is when you admit one of those kids, you forgo $50,000 a year that you could use for other things."
Those other things - sleek buildings, new academic programs - also happen to be the things that can help colleges woo professors and climb the rankings. So why would a college expand its financial-aid budget, I asked Hill.
"We are being supported by the federal government and the state government as a nonprofit," she said. "They're doing that because of our nation's commitment to equal opportunity and social mobility, and part of our obligation is living up to making that more of a reality in the United States."
If the number of college graduates from low-income backgrounds is going to rise sharply, it's true that most of them won't come from selective colleges like Grinnell. But those colleges still have an outsize role.
For one thing, the low-income students who enroll there tend to graduate. For another, research has shown that the individual college attended by upper-middle-class students has little effect on their eventual earnings, after controlling for their SAT scores. But it does seem to matter for poor students. They get something extra from a top college.
That is why it's worrisome that so many students are falling through the cracks - and that the student body at many elite campuses remains largely affluent. But it may not always be so. In the course of compiling this data and talking to officials at dozens at colleges, I couldn't help noticing that most of them insisted they wanted to do better.
Wash. U. emphasized that its share of Pell recipients has risen to 8 percent among this fall's freshmen - from 6 percent and 5 percent in the previous two years - and acknowledged it still had work to do. At Washington and Lee, in Shenandoah Valley of Virginia, only 3 percent of freshmen received Pell grants in 2007. Last fall, the share reached 10 percent, partly as a result of a new financial-aid program.
"I'd be the first concede we have room to improve," Kenneth Ruscio, Washington and Lee's president, said. "But we are on the right path."
It's possible, of course, that some of the colleges saying they value economic diversity - and meritocracy, regardless of a student's background - won't match their words to actions. It's also possible that top colleges are in the early stages of changing.
© 2014, The New York Times News Service
Story first published on: September 09, 2014 09:32 (IST)

Congress leaders applaud PM Narendra Modi for efforts in flood-affected J&KCongress
(Congress General Secretary…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has got a pat on the back from unexpected quarters, with Congress leaders praising the NDA government for its efforts in flood-affected Jammu & Kashmir.
Lauding the effort of Modi in reaching out to flood victims in J&K, Congress General Secretary Digvijay Singh said that the rescue operation was commendable for its prompt response to the flood situation in the area.
"I commend the rescue by DMRF, Army, Police and Security Forces in J&K and also GOI and PM for prompt action and reaching out to people in POK," he said.
"I shall donate one month salary to CM Relief Fund for Flood Relief," he added, "we all must reach out to help the flood victims in J&K."
Commend the rescue by DMRF, Army, Police and Security Forces in J&K and also GOI and PM for prompt action and reaching out to people in POK.
— digvijaya singh (@digvijaya_28) September 8, 2014
Backing Singh is senior Congress leader and Leader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad, who praised Modi for offering support to flood-affected parts of Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (PoK).
Azad also praised Modi for the amount of funds released for the reconstruction of infrastructure in the state.
He said, "Keeping in view the magnitude of the devastation, we will need huge amount of funds from the government to reconstruct infrastructure in Jammu and Kashmir. I am happy that our Prime Minister has sanctioned Rs 1000 crore for relief work and hope that he provides much more for relief in the state."
The flood fury has unleashed more death and destruction in Jammu and Kashmir, claiming lives of many people, even as relief efforts were intensified, with the Prime Minister announcing Rs 1000 crore aid for the battered state.
As the state struggled to deal with the enormity of the situation, Modi reviewed the flood situation in Jammu region on Sunday and termed it a "national level disaster".
"An additional special project assistance of Rs 1,000 crore will be made available by the government to the state for flood relief and rehabilitation. More assistance would be provided, if required, after a proper survey of the situation has been made," the PM said.
(With inputs from PTI)

Ashok Leyland surges over 6% on bus orderAshok Leyland bags orders for 4000 buses; stock rallies
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 9, 2014, 11.02AM IST
Tags:
Ashok Leyland
(Ashok Leyland will offer…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Ashok Leyland surged over 6 per cent after the company bagged orders for around 4000 buses from State Transport Undertakings (STUs).
"A total of 22 STUs across the country including Calcutta State Transport Corporation, Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation, Andhra Pradesh Road Transport Corporation, Jaipur City Transport Services and Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal have placed large orders," the company said in a filing to stock exchanges.
According to the company, the receipt of the order under JNNURM-II scheme is worth Rs 1500 crore.
Ashok Leyland will offer a mix of JanBus, midi-buses and ultra low Entry (ULE) buses as a part of the 4000 buses ordered.
"The supply of these buses has started and many of them are already carrying passengers," the company told.
At 10:50 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 40.75, up 5.57 per cent, on the BSE. It rallied 6.47 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 41.10.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ashok Leyland bags orders worth Rs 1 500 crore under JNNURM-IIAshok Leyland bags orders worth Rs 1,500 crore under JNNURM-II
BS Reporter | Chennai Sep 09, 2014 10:40 AM IST
Ashok Leyland has received orders for around 4,000 buses from State Transport Undertakings (STUs) under the JNNURM-II scheme. The orders are worth around Rs 1,500 crore.
A total of 22 STUs across the country including Calcutta State Transport Corporation (CSTC), Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC), Andhra Pradesh State Transport Corporation (APSRTC), Jaipur City Transport Services Ltd) and Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Ltd (PMPL) have placed large orders with the company.
Vinod K Dasari, managing director, Ashok Leyland said that with rapid urbanisation, it is important to modernise public transportation systems.
JanBus is Ashok Leyland's front-engine single step entry, full-flat floor bus, specifically designed for urban transport.  He added that the company will offer a mix of JanBus, midi-buses and ultra low entry buses as a part of the 4,000 buses ordered under JNNURM-II.
The company also received orders from international markets for the bus. The supply of these buses has started, said Dasari.

Sensex  Nifty sluggish on profit booking; Tata Motors gainSep 09, 2014, 12.54 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty sluggish on profit booking; Tata Motors gain
Infosys, ICICI Bank, Sesa Sterlite, ONGC and Hindalco are among the laggards while Bharti Airtel, Cipla, M&M, Tata Motors and Coal India are major gainers.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty sluggish on profit booking; Tata Motors gain
Infosys, ICICI Bank, Sesa Sterlite, ONGC and Hindalco are among the laggards while Bharti Airtel, Cipla, M&M, Tata Motors and Coal India are major gainers.
Post your opinion here
11:00
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:45 am Buzzing: Shares of TCS hit record high at Rs 2667 per share, up over 1 percent intraday on management’s confidence to retain its FY15 bullish outlook. In its analysts meet, the company has maintained that FY15 will be a better growth year than last fiscal with 1HFY15 growing faster than 2HFY15.
TCS has retained its medium-term margin target of 26-28 percent. The IT major also feels that Indian business to report growth in July to September quarter and Japan JV to contribute USD 100 million in Q2. Japan JV contribution is seen at lower end of guided range of USD 300-375 million.
However, the management feels there may be an impact of 80 basis points on dollar rev growth due to cross currency. 
This has got analysts excited about the prospects of the Chandrasekaran-led company. Most brokerages recommend buying the stock. Credit Suisse maintains outperfom rating on the company stating that it is well placed to top the growth in FY15 among the top-6 Indian IT firms.
Don't miss: Cipla jumps 2%, collaborates with UK's S&D Pharma
The bulls seem to be resting for another day. The Sensex is down 93.46 points at 27226.39, and the Nifty is down 32.40 points 8141.50. About 1210 shares have advanced, 1220 shares declined, and 79 shares are unchanged.
Infosys, ICICI Bank, Sesa Sterlite, ONGC and Hindalco are among the laggards while Bharti Airtel, Cipla, M&M, Tata Motors and Coal India are major gainers.
Metal stocks are falling ahead of the Supreme Court's hearing on "illegal" coal block allocations.
Brent crude eased for a fourth straight session but held above USD 100 a barrel after dropping below that level on the previous day for the first time in 16 months, with prices supported by hopes of production cuts by OPEC.
Brent was trading 14 cents lower at USD 100.06 per barrel after ending the previous session 62 cents down. It had earlier on Monday slumped to USD 99.36, the lowest since May 1, 2013, before rebounding into three-digit territory.
10:00

Sensex down over 100 points; Infy  ICICI Bank dip 1-2%Sensex down over 100 points; Infy, ICICI Bank dip 1-2%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 09, 2014 11:30 AM IST
Markets are trading in the negative territory in the morning trades weighed down by Index heavyweights Infosys, ICICI Bank and L&T contributing over 50 points to the decline on the 30-share Sensex.
 
Market participants have turned cautious ahead of the Supreme Court's decision on coal blocks allocations due later during the day.
 
By 11.25, the Sensex is lower by 104 points at 27,215 mark and the Nifty dipped by 36 points at 8,138 levels.
 
Among broader markets, BSE Midcap index is down 0.2% whereas Smallcap index is trading flat.
 
The market breadth in BSE is slightly positive with 1,309 shares advancing and 1,228 shares declining.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee is weaker at 60.44/45 versus its Monday's close of 60.29/30. Dollar is trading at 14-month highs against a basket of major currencies early on Tuesday.
 
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 1,162.98 crore on Monday, as per provisional data from the stock exchanges.
 
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, BSE realty is the top losing index down over 1% followed by Metal, Oil & Gas and IT indices. Bankex is down 0.4%. However, Auto and Power indices are trading in the positive territory. 
 
In the metal pack, Sesa Sterlie, Hindalco and Tata Steel have lost between 0.5-1.5% ahead of the SC verdict on the coal blocks allocations due later during the day.
 
Hindalco is under pressure because of the pending SC verdict on the Mahan Coal block allocated to the company eight years ago to feed its aluminium plant in Madhya Pradesh.
 
Among the technology stocks, Infosys and Wipro are down 1.4% and 0.7% on profit taking.
 
Oil and Gas major ONGC which gained yesterday after Bank of America Merrill Lynch upgraded the stock to "buy" from "neutral" has dipped over 1% today on profit taking.
 
In the capital goods segment, engineering conglomerate L&T which gained after the company said its wholly owned subsidiary L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering (LTHE)  has secured new orders in the offshore and onshore segments worth Rs 1920 crore from domestic oil and gas majors is down 1% on profit taking. BHEL has also lost 1%.
 
ICICI Bank, Bajaj Auto and Hero Motocorp are some of the prominent names in red down between 0.7-1.5%.
 
On the flip side, Bharti Airtel has extended its yesterday’s rally and is up 1.5% after the company reached a consensus on the sale of its telecom towers in Nigeria for more than $1 billion within the next three weeks. 
 
Cipla has climbed 1% after the company on Monday announced commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. Dr Reddy’s Lab has gained 0.4%.
 
Fresh buying is evident in the power space. NTPC and Tata Power are up 0.4%.
 
Index heavyweight Tata Motors is up nearly 1% after the company launched the special edition Land Rover Freelander 2. The premium SUV carries a price tag of Rs. 44.41 lakh.
 
Coal India, HDFC Bank and M&M are some of the notable names in green among others.
 
Among other shares, shares of Thomas Cook climbs over 2% to Rs 148 on the BSE after Sterling Holiday Resorts India Ltd became a subsidiary of Thomas Cook India Group in the back of the former's equity shares being bought in an off-market transaction by Thomas Cook Insurance Services (TCISIL).
 
Shares of Ashok Leyland are up nearly 6% at Rs 40.75, also its 52-week high after the company received orders for around 4,000 buses from State Transport Undertakings (STUs) under the JNNURM-II scheme. The orders are worth around Rs 1,500 crore.
 

Roopa Kudva to leave CRISILRoopa Kudva quits as CEO of CRISIL after 7-year stint
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 10, 2014 12:39 AM IST
Roopa Kudva has quit as chief executive and managing director of CRISIL, the Indian arm of global rating agency Standard & Poor’s (S&P), ending a seven-year term at that post.
Quoting Kudva, a CRISIL statement said, “Change at the top at judicious intervals is a sound governance practice and allows companies to refresh themselves. I am committed to ensuring a smooth transition.” Kudva would remain at the company till a successor was identified and appointed, CRISIL said. The nomination and remuneration committee of the board of directors would oversee the search, it added, without specifying a deadline.
Douglas L Peterson, chairman, CRISIL, said: “We respect Roopa’s decision and appreciate that she will continue to manage the affairs of CRISIL until a successor is appointed.”
Employees at the rating agency refused to comment on whether differences with parent S&P on management and strategy had triggered the move.
On Tuesday, the CRISIL stock fell 0.6 per cent to close at Rs 1,963 on the BSE.
A senior foreign bank executive who was earlier with CRISIL said as the rating agency had a strong culture of talent-grooming, there was a pipeline of able managers to choose from.
Kudva had joined the rating agency in 1992. Before spending seven years as chief executive and managing director, she was leader of CRISIL’s ratings business. During her tenure as managing director and chief executive, CRISIL’s market capitalisation increased from Rs 2,900 crore to Rs 14,000 crore.
After the global financial crisis of 2007-08, she decided to aggressively pursue a diversification policy, rapidly building new income streams, to reduce dependence on the ratings business. In September 2010, CRISIL bought First Source’s equity stake in Pipal Research, a knowledge processing outsourcing unit, for Rs 58 crore.
In 2005, S&P acquired 49.07 per cent stake in CRISIL through an open offer, becoming the majority shareholder (58.5 per cent stake). In 2013, S&P, through another open offer, raised its stake to 67 per cent.

Grain stocks as on Sept. 1 way above targets...Bumper harvests since 2007 have led to huge stockpiles of rice and wheat. These stocks have also helped cushion the blow of a weak monsoon.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The country's wheat stocks at government warehouses on September 1 were 35.5 million tonnes, more than double the official target for the quarter ending this month, government sources said on Tuesday.
Milled rice inventory for the same period was 17.3 million tonnes against a target of 9.8 million tonnes.
Bumper harvests since 2007 have led to huge stockpiles of rice and wheat with government agencies . These stocks have also helped cushion the blow of a weak start of the four-month annual monsoon rains this June.
To get rid of some of the surplus stocks, the government has allowed private traders to export wheat and non-basmati rice. Besides, it had shipped out nearly 7 million tonnes of wheat from its warehouses in the recent past.
On August 1, stocks of wheat were at 38.2 million tonnes, while those of rice were 19.3 million tonnes.
The government buys grains from farmers for programmes that try to ensure cheaper food for the poor and to meet emergencies.
Since 2009, the government has also been keeping an additional 3 million tonnes of wheat and 2 million tonnes of rice as strategic reserves in addition to the monthly stocks.

Apple iPhone 6: The best of the leaked images32
3
The first official look of the rumoured iPhone 6 is very likely happening tonight (India time), but a stream of leaked images leading up to Apple's September 9 event has already given the world a fair idea as to how the new bigger iPhone might look like. If rumours are to be believed, the new iPhone 6 will come with a 4.7-inch display (1134x750 pixels), an 8-megapixel rear-facing camera, a 2.1-megapixel front camera, waterproof casing, and an internal storage of up to 128GB. A 5.5-inch iPhone is also expected, allowing Apple to compete in the "phablet" segment.
Before you tune in for Apple's big launch, here's a round-up of the best of the leaked images doing the rounds on the Internet.
6

Akshay Kumar feels proud of the policemenPrint
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:08 pm
Actor Akshay Kumar, whose film “Holiday: A Soldier Is Never Off Duty” had a successful run at the box office, felt proud upon seeing a group of policemen training at a beach in Mumbai.
“Caught a fleeting sight of an army of cops on Juhu Beach. Truly felt proud and grateful to see them there gearing up for our safety while we sit in the comforts of our home enjoying the day off. Hats off to them for truly never being off duty,” Akshay posted on his Twitter page.
In “Holiday…”, the actor portrayed the role of an army officer, who sets out on a mission against terrorism and sleeper cells.
His new film “Baby”, which he recently started shooting under Neeraj Pandey’s direction, also deals with corruption.
At a recent event in the capital for his new reality TV show “Dare 2 Dance”, Akshay was asked if he’d like to do a social issue-based show on the small screen a la Aamir Khan’s “Satyamev Jayate”.
To that, he said he’s doing his bit via his films.

ABB goes for $4 bn share buyback; stock jumps 10% | Sensex in redMUMBAI: ABB India Ltd surged 10.4 per cent to Rs 1,225.55 also its 52-week high after parent ABB Ltd said on Tuesday it would buy back $4 billion worth of shares.
Parent's buyback offer is seen as boosting sentiment for its global subsidiaries including India, traders said.
According to the BSE data, ABB Ltd holds 75 per cent in ABB India via two units.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Sterling remains under pressureStocks lower on Fed outlook fears
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fc781818-37ce-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Supreme Court asks Centre to reply on fate of Delhi Assembly by Oct 10BSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Markets@record highs make gold a bad bet | Brent below $100You are here: Home > Collections > Gold
Sensex equals gold @ 27,200; here's what makes a better bet
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 9, 2014, 03.00PM IST
Tags:
Gold
(Gold has plunged nearly…)
NEW DELHI: Gold might have delivered negative returns so far in the year 2014 as equity as an asset class gained momentum, but it has certainly not lost its sheen, say analysts.
Gold has plunged nearly 6 per cent compared to a nearly 29 per cent rally seen in the equity market (refer chart) and has outperformed the equity market 3 times in the last six years.
However, one interesting point is both Sensex and Gold are now trading around the same level in trade on Tuesday. The only difference is Sensex rallied nearly 29 per cent so far in the year, while Gold saw some bit of profit taking.
"Gold will never lose its sheen as an investment class. The right way to look at it is as part of scientific asset allocation. At any point, the investor should have exposure to gold. This has been true for millennia and is equally true today," said Jayant Manglik, President - Retail Distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
Investment decisions are moving more towards equities and debt due to gradual improvement in global conditions and changing outlook towards the Indian markets, say analysts.
"In the past couple of years, equities and debt have significantly outperformed against gold and now with the improving outlook, money is expected to move towards these asset classes rather than gold," said Tushar Pendharkar , Equity Strategist, Right Horizons Financial Services.
Every asset class has to go through money rotation as per the phase of the economy. Gold as an asset class will always see price appreciation and it attracts investors during the times of uncertainty, say analysts.
"If we see the phase of 2008, which encountered one of the biggest stock market crashes of the history, investors jumped on to gold as gold is considered as a safe haven and always outperforms other asset classes during a poor phase of the economy," said Vivek Gupta - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"If we notice the rise of gold from the levels of 2007, gold has risen from the lows of 8540 to the highs of 35074. So, gold has already risen 4.1 times from 2007 up to now," he added.
If we see the phase of 2008 to 2014, although the economy has recovered, gold was in the phase of an extended bull market, explains Gupta.
Should investors cut down their holding in Gold?
Looking at the current situation, equity markets are still in the early phase of a bull market and during the coming year it should continue the up rise. So, this is time where investors should shift their investments from gold to equity. Gold in the coming year would either trade in a sideways range or should correct.
So, considering the fact that preference towards gold would be lesser in the long run, should investors reduce their exposure in gold?
Even though gold might be underperforming, but portfolio managers do not recommend investors to reduce exposure in gold.
Gold's weight in the ordinary Indian's investment basket tends to be in the range of 15-20 per cent of the total portfolio and this has contributed immensely at the time of volatility in safeguarding returns.
"Data over the last several years shows that gold investment reduces overall risk and volatility of the portfolio while enhancing returns," said Manglik.
"The returns angle is especially true in India because the depreciation of the rupee against the US dollar has led to gold prices giving positive returns in almost any five-year block for the last about thirty years," he added.
Investors should not make exit from its investment just because the prices have corrected in the past few months. However, they should avoid further allocation.
"I would suggest no fresh investment in gold at this juncture considering better opportunities in the fixed income space than fund idling into this asset class," says Pendharkar.
"Additionally, higher investments in equities and debt would automatically dilute holdings of gold in overall portfolio, which could be an appropriate way to reduce exposure," he added.
Gupta is also of the view that investors, who are invested in gold from lower levels, should book profits in or at least they should not add any further investments as of now.
It is always better to sail with the wind and right now the wind is blowing in the direction of equity, he added.
Outlook for the next 1 year:
Gold prices show a strong support at about Rs 25,000 per ten gram on the technical charts.
"So any dip in prices should be seen as an opportunity to accumulate gold and then aim for a Rs 31,800 target within a year," said Manglik.
"However, this does not take into account newer developments in the global financial and geopolitical space and prices will react significantly to these changes," he added.
S M Sakthi Prakaash, Lead Research Analyst of WealthRays Securities, is of the view that fundamentals are looking very weak for gold and its value is expected to fall in the coming year.
However, retail buying could provide support for gold prices at lower level and could prevent a steep fall in gold prices. Gold futures may be expected to trade in the range of Rs 25000-25500 in the next 6 months to 1 year, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ABB India surges after parent ABB Ltd buyback planBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

India most optimistic on hiring plans for De...You are here: Home > Collections > Employers
Indian employers among the most optimistic across the globe
Sreeradha D Basu, ET Bureau Sep 9, 2014, 01.08PM IST
Tags:
fourth quarter
(In terms of region, while…)
MUMBAI: Indian employers have reported the most optimistic hiring plans across the globe for the upcoming October-December quarter, the Manpower Employment Outlook Survey released today by ManpowerGroup has revealed. The survey of 5,287 employers across India shows that once the data is adjusted to allow for seasonal variation, employers report an Outlook of +46%.
The most optimistic hiring plans are reported by employers in the services sector and the mining and construction sector, where net employment outlooks stand at +49% and +47%, respectively. From a regional perspective, employers in the Southern and Western regions are expecting the most opportunities for job seekers in the months ahead, with net employment outlooks of +54% and +49%, respectively.
"With the installation of the new government at the Centre, hopes of a speedy economic revival have led to positive expectations in the employment space. India's employers expect the optimism of a stable government to have an encouraging impact on the job market. Employers are back in hiring mode and we're seeing evidence of their renewed optimism across all industry sectors and all regions," said A G Rao, group managing director of ManpowerGroup India in a release.
According to the survey, employers are reporting bullish outlooks of +45% in both the finance, insurance & real estate sector and the wholesale & retail trade sector, while outlooks stand at +43% in the public administration & education sector and the transportation & utilities sector.
Employers report stronger hiring prospects in two sectors, with increases of 5 percentage points in the mining & construction sector and 2 percentage points in the services sector. However, when compared with the previous quarter, hiring intentions weaken in four of the seven industry sectors, most notably by 10 percentage points in the public administration & education sector.
In terms of region, while the strongest labour market is expected in the South, employers in the North report a net employment outlook of +39%. However, hiring prospects weaken by 14 percentage points when compared with the previous quarter.
The least optimistic of the four regional Outlooks stands at +32% in the East.
From a global perspective, hiring plans are largely positive with employers in 36 of the 42 countries and territories expecting to add to their workforces in the October-December time frame. Forecasts, however, are softer when compared to the Quarter 3 2014 results, with Outlooks improving in only 15 of 42 countries and territories. Fourth-quarter hiring confidence is strongest in India, Taiwan and New Zealand, while the weakest and only negative forecasts are reported in Spain, Italy, Ireland, the Czech Republic and Finland.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Preet Bharara again! SAC Capital s Martoma handed nine years in jail for insider tradingHedge fund
(Prosecutors accused Martoma…)
NEW YORK: An Indian-origin portfolio manager has been sentenced here to 9 years in prison for his role in one of the "most lucrative" insider trading schemes ever involving USD 276 million and ordered to forfeit a USD 9.3 million bonus he earned through it.
Mathew Martoma (40) was sentenced in federal court here yesterday by US District Judge Paul Gardephe, who ordered that he also forfeit his interests in his Florida home and several bank accounts as he described Martoma's conduct as "deeply corrosive to our financial markets," generating cynicism among investors.
The sentence, among the longest handed down for insider trading, was in line with what Manhattan's top federal prosecutor Preet Bharara had sought ahead of the hearing.
The India-born federal attorney had described Martoma's role in the insider trading scheme as "central" and sought a prison term of over eight years along with forfeiture of his bonus saying the sentence should be "commensurate with the seriousness of the offense conduct and the unprecedented ill-gotten gains that it generated."
While handing down the sentence, Gardephe said "I cannot and will not ignore that the gain is hundreds of millions of dollars more than ever seen in an insider trading prosecution" adding that "there was nothing accidental about Martoma's conduct or the gain realized."
Martoma, a portfolio manager of CR Intrinsic Investors, a division of hedge fund behemoth SAC Capital, was convicted in February this year for collecting confidential information about a high-profile Alzheimer's drug trial from two doctors and making profits and avoiding losses of 275 million dollars for SAC Capital.
After the hearing, Bharara said in a statement that Martoma's nine-year prison sentence and financial penalties will strip him of the ill-gotten millions in proceeds of his crime.
"Today's sentence of a lengthy prison term is well-suited to the audacity of the illegal trading in this case. The long and short of Mathew Martoma's trading is that he traded his liberty, his name and his time with his family for what in the end is nothing," Bharara added.
Martoma, who had changed his name from Ajai Mathew Thomas, sat silently throughout the hearing in Manhattan federal court as Gardephe handed down the sentence, which also includes three years of supervised release following Martoma's completion of this sentence.
He was accompanied by his wife, Rosemary and some of his family members.
Martoma, a father of three, was convicted of one count of conspiracy to commit securities fraud and two counts of securities fraud after a four-week jury trial in January and February this year.
Just before the sentencing hearing, Gardephe had ruled in a 25-page order that the probation department "properly concludes" that Martoma be sentenced to between 15 to 19 years because the "amount of illicit gain attributable to Martoma... is more than USD 200 million."
Last week, Gardephe had denied Martoma's motion to acquit him and order a new trial saying that evidence in the case "overwhelmingly" showed that he is guilty of securities fraud.
The judge also rejected Martoma's assertion that he should be granted a new trial because the jury had become biased against him after it was revealed during the case that he had been expelled from Harvard in 1999 for allegedly doctoring his law school transcript to try to gain a federal clerkship.
Bharara had alleged that Martoma's entire success across his four years at SAC Capital was based on illegal insider trading. Days after beginning his employment at SAC Capital, Martoma began searching for doctors who would be willing to provide him access to confidential information about an Alzheimer's disease drug trial conducted by Elan Pharmaceuticals and Wyeth Corporation.
Bharara said Martoma caused approximately USD 750 million worth of Elan and Wyeth securities to be traded based on the illegal inside information, netting profits and avoiding losses of USD 275 million for SAC Capital.
SAC had last year pleaded guilty to insider trading and agreed to pay USD 1.8 billion to settle the criminal and civil charges against it. It has since changed its name to Point72 Asset Management and now only manages the personal wealth of its founder Steven Cohen, who has not been criminally charged.
Martoma's guilty verdict added to the unbroken record of 78 convictions secured by Bharara in his crackdown on insider trading on Wall Street.
Fifty-eight of the 79 individuals have been sentenced, including prominent Wall Street executives like ex-Goldman director Rajat Gupta and billionaire hedge fund founder Raj Rajaratnam.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ICC suspends Saeed Ajmal for illegal actionICC suspends Saeed Ajmal for illegal action
PTI
Tweet
Dubai, Sept 9:  
The International Cricket Council (ICC) today suspended Pakistan off-spinner Saeed Ajmal, who is currently perched at the top of its ODI rankings, after his bowling action was found to be illegal following an independent analysis.
“The International Cricket Council today confirmed that an independent analysis has found the bowling action of Pakistan’s off-spinner Saeed Ajmal to be illegal and, as such, the player has been suspended from bowling in international cricket with immediate effect,” the ICC said in a statement.
The analysis of the 36-year-old’s action revealed that all his deliveries exceeded the 15 degrees level of tolerance permitted under the regulations.
“Saeed, who was reported after the first Test match against Sri Lanka in Galle last month, can apply a re-assessment after he has modified his bowling action in accordance with clause 2.4 of the Regulations for the Review of Bowlers Reported with Suspected Illegal Bowling Actions,” the ICC statement read.
The analysis was performed on August 25 by the ICC’s accredited team of Human Movement Specialists at the National Cricket Centre in Brisbane.
Reported to match referee Andy Pycroft by on-field umpires Ben Oxenford and Ian Gould, Ajmal played the second match only to see his team lose the game and the series.
The venue and time of the analysis was decided in consultation with the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB).
Ajmal has played 35 Tests for Pakistan, grabbing 178 wickets. His ODI record stands at an impressive 183 wickets from 111 matches. His 63 T20 appearances have yielded 85 wickets.
He was first reported for a suspect action in 2009 — his debut year — but was cleared after tests at the University of Western Australia in Perth. The bowler was reported for his ‘doosra’.
This time, the ICC changed its protocols for testing bowling actions reported by umpires and match referees and the tests were held in Brisbane.
Apparently, the change was made after too many bowlers were cleared by the biomechanics in Perth.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Centre gives nod for National Tribal University in ChhattisgarhCentre gives nod for National Tribal University in Chhattisgarh
PTI
Tweet
Raipur, Sept 9:  
The Centre has given its nod for setting up a National Tribal University in Chhattisgarh’s insurgency—hit Bastar region to facilitate research and development of tribal culture and dialects.
“The Central government approved the proposal of Chhattisgarh government during a meeting of state’s Chief Minister Raman Singh and Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani yesterday in New Delhi,” a state government spokesperson said today.
“The consent was given to commence the functioning of the university from the next academic session,” he said.
During the meeting, Singh said that the university will greatly benefit the people of tribal—dominated Bastar in preservation of culture, traditional and natural resources, besides from the education point of view, he said.
Moreover, the institution will also help in study and research of the region’s varied bio—diversity.
The Centre has also agreed to provide UGC’s ‘one time catch up grant’ for providing monetary help for development of three newly opened universities in Bastar, Sarguja and Bilaspur following a demand made by the state in this regard, the spokesperson said.
The chief minister informed the Union Minister that the state has ‘Kasturba Gandhi Balika Vidyalayas’ under Sarv Siksha Abhiyaan in 94 development blocks and sought sanctions for establishing it in the remaining 54 blocks too.
Irani assured Singh that the Ministry will sanction opening of more such schools in 31 tribal development blocks in the first phase while the remaining blocks will be covered in the next phase.
A delegation of HRD Ministry officials will soon visit the state for inspection of sites suggested by Chhattisgarh for setting up Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) in the state, he said.
Several proposals related to school and higher education in the state were also approved during the meeting, where senior officials of Chhattisgarh were also present, he added.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

IT  realty stocks pull Sensex down 134 pointsSensex sheds 55 points on profit booking
Our Bureau
Realty, IT stocks major losers
Mumbai, Sept 9:  
Sensex dipped by 55 points on profit booking.
The benchmark index opened marginally lower at 27,316 against the previous close of 27,320. It made a high of 27,328 and low of 27,177 before closing at 27,265. Turnover on BSE was down at Rs 3,427 crore against Rs 3,602 crore logged in on Monday.
On NSE, Nifty was down 21 points at 8,153.
Ashok Leyland jumped five per cent to Rs 41 after the company said it has bagged orders worth about Rs 1,500 crore to supply buses under JNNURM-II scheme.
Cipla gained two per cent to Rs 575. The company on Monday said it has entered into a commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. The collaboration will enable Cipla to focus on its core therapy areas, while S&D Pharma will be the key partner for generics, it said.
Most aviation stocks gain on consistent fall in crude oil prices. SpiceJet was up four per cent at Rs 14 while Jet Airways was up three per cent at Rs 224.
The major gainers were Ashok Leyland (5%), NHPC (5%), Idea Cellular (5%), Bhushan Steel (5%), Jain Irrigation (5%) and Wockhardt (4%).
Prominent losers were Sobha (-4%), Unitech (-3%), Torrent Power (-3%), Nalco (-3%), GSPL (-3%) and Bata India (-2%).
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Brent drops below $100 as ample supply weighsBrent drops below $100 as ample supply weighs
Reuters | Singapore Sep 09, 2014 12:51 PM IST
Brent crude eased for a fourth straight session on Tuesday, with prices holding near a 16-month trough below $100 a barrel, amid concerns of ample global supply and slower-than-expected growth in the world's top oil consumers.
 
Continued output from strife-torn countries such as Iraq and Libya and the shale oil boom in the United States have lessened supply side risks, while slowing growth in western economies and China have raised demand concerns, said Tetsu Emori, a commodity fund manager at Japan's Astmax Co Ltd.
 
Brent was trading down 33 cents at $99.87 as of 0657 GMT after ending the previous session 62 cents lower. On Monday, prices slid below $100 for the first time in almost 15 months and hit a low of $99.36 - the weakest since May 1, 2013.
 
US crude was 14 cents higher at $92.80, snapping a three-day losing streak, after falling 63 cents on Monday.
 
"I expect Brent will be traded between $99-$100 today. Prices below $100 a barrel will be a good opportunity for traders to buy for storage purposes," said Yusuke Seta, a commodity sales manager at Tokyo's Newedge Japan. "The market will try to test the $100 per barrel support line again."
 
However, hopes for a cut in output by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries kept a floor under oil prices.
 
"Oil at below a $100 a barrel is a little bit risky in the current market - $100 per barrel is really a central point for oil countries," Emori said.
 
Expectations of an OPEC output cut come as Gulf Arab oil ministers gather on Thursday in Kuwait for an annual meeting that could include discussion about price levels.
 
Top OPEC exporter Saudi Arabia and other OPEC members favour oil at $100 and prices are under pressure due to ample supply even as some OPEC delegates see the lower prices as short-lived.
 
Astmax's Emori said there was potential for Brent to trade at around $120 per barrel by the end of this year, while US crude could hover around $110-$115 per barrel, on rising winter demand and possible geopolitical concerns.
 
US CRUDE STOCKS EYED
 
The market is now waiting for US crude inventory data for clues on the outlook for demand in the world's top oil consumer.
 
US crude oil stocks likely fell by 1.5 million barrels in the week to Sept. 5, according to a preliminary Reuters analysts' survey on Monday.
 
The poll was released ahead of weekly inventory reports from industry group the American Petroleum Institute (API) on Tuesday and from the US Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration (EIA) on Wednesday.
 
Investors were also eyeing developments in the Middle East.
 
Iraq's parliament approved a new government headed by Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi on Monday in a move to save Iraq from collapse and in what US Secretary of State John Kerry said was a "major milestone".
 
Libya's oil output has risen to 740,000 barrels per day, the National Oil Corp said on Monday, an increase from 725,000 bpd that has been fuelled by the reopening of several oil export ports.
 
There was speculation Libyan output could climb further by the end of this month, boosting supplies and putting further pressure on oil prices, Newedge's Seta said.
 
Elsewhere, the European Union adopted new sanctions on Monday against Russia over the Ukraine crisis, but enforcement will be delayed while an assessment is being done on whether a ceasefire in Ukraine is holding. The measures will target the ability of Russia's top oil producers to raise capital in Europe.

Suzuki launches premium 150cc bike Gixxer@Rs...Suzuki launches premium 150cc bike Gixxer priced at Rs 72,199
By PTI | 9 Sep, 2014, 01.51PM IST
The Gixxer is the fourth product that SMIPL has launched this year after the bikes V Strom 1000ABS and Inazuma along with scooter Let's.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Suzuki Motorcycle India today launched its premium 150cc bike Gixxer priced at Rs 72,199 (ex-showroom Delhi) to tap the youth segment as it aims to figure among the top three two-wheeler manufacturers in the country in three years.
"This is the first year of our entry into the youth segment. Along with the scooter Let's, this product (Gixxer) will change Suzuki's standing in the market and brand positioning," Suzuki Motorcycle India Executive Vice-President (Sales and Marketing) Atul Gupta told reporters here.
He said the company is looking to sell around 50,000 units in the first six months of launch.
Gupta said the 150cc motorcycle segment in India witnesses sales of about 70,000 units a month and SMIPL is eyeing about 10 per cent of the market.
The Gixxer will compete mainly with the FZ from Yamaha , Apache from TVS and Pulsar from Bajaj Auto in the premium 150 cc segment, he added.
The Gixxer is the fourth product that SMIPL has launched this year after the bikes V Strom 1000ABS and Inazuma along with scooter Let's.
Earlier in the year at the Auto Expo, Gupta had stated the company's ambition to become a top three two-wheeler manufacturer in India and sell a million units within the next three years.
Last year the company sold about 5 lakh units. For 2014, the company is looking at 15 per cent sales growth.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Scarcity of potable water in Indian villages...Scarcity of potable water in Indian villages to end?
By PTI | 9 Sep, 2014, 12.43PM IST
0
Share More
There is more salty groundwater than fresh, potable groundwater in India as 60 per cent of the country has vast reservoirs of salty water underground.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: A desalination technology powered by solar panels could provide enough clean, palatable drinking water to meet the needs of India's water-deficient villages, MIT scientists say.
Sixty per cent of India is underlain by salty water - and much of that area is not served by an electric grid that could run conventional reverse-osmosis desalination plants.
An analysis by Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) researchers Natasha Wright and Amos Winter shows that a different desalination technology called electrodialysis, powered by solar panels, could provide enough clean, palatable drinking water to supply the needs of a typical village.
Finding optimal solutions to problems such as saline groundwater involves "detective work to understand the full set of constraints imposed by the market," said Winter.
After weeks of field research in India, and reviews of various established technologies, Winter said, "when we put all these pieces of the puzzle together, it pointed very strongly to electrodialysis" - which is not what is commonly used in developing nations.
The factors that point to the choice of electrodialysis in India include both relatively low levels of salinity -- ranging from 500 to 3,000 milligrammes per litre, compared with seawater at about 35,000 mg/L - as well as the region's lack of electrical power.
Such moderately salty water is not directly toxic, but it can have long-term effects on health, and its unpleasant taste can cause people to turn to other, dirtier water sources.
"It's a big issue in the water-supply community," Winter said.
By pairing village-scale electrodialysis systems with a simple set of solar panels and a battery system to store the produced energy, an economically viable and culturally acceptable system could supply enough water to meet the needs of a village of 2,000 to 5,000 people, researchers concluded.
They estimate that deployment of such systems would double the area of India in which groundwater - which is inherently safer, in terms of pathogen loads, than surface water - could provide acceptable drinking water.
While many homes in India currently use individual, home-based filtration systems to treat their water, Wright and Winter concluded that village-scale systems would be more effective - both because fewer people would be left out of access to clean water, and because home-based systems are much harder to monitor to ensure effective water treatment.
The study appears in the journal Desalination.
Most organisations working to improve clean-water access focus their attention on controlling known pathogens and toxins such as arsenic, Wright said.
But her analysis showed the importance of "what the water tastes like, smells like, and looks like."
Even if the water is technically safe to drink, that doesn't solve the problem if people refuse to drink it because of the unpleasant salty taste, she said.
Electrodialysis works by passing a stream of water between two electrodes with opposite charges.
Because the salt dissolved in water consists of positive and negative ions, the electrodes pull the ions out of the water, leaving fresher water at the centre of the flow, Winter said.
A series of membranes separate the freshwater stream from increasingly salty ones.
Both electrodialysis and reverse osmosis require the use of membranes, but those in an electrodialysis system are exposed to lower pressures and can be cleared of salt buildup simply by reversing the electrical polarity.
That means the expensive membranes should last much longer and require less maintenance, Winter said.
In addition, electrodialysis systems recover a much higher percentage of the water -- more than 90 per cent, compared with about 40 to 60 per cent from reverse-osmosis systems, a big advantage in areas where water is scarce.
Having carried out this analysis, Wright and Winter plan to put together a working prototype for field evaluations in India.
Researchers said while this approach was initially conceived for village-scale, self-contained systems, the same technology could also be useful for applications such as disaster relief, and for military use in remote locations.

Neither BJP  nor AAP is clean: Congress on Delhi government formationSelf-styled godman Baba Rampal supporters protest in Delhi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Kashmir Floods: Defence forces  heroics expose separatists   intellectuals338
18
New Delhi: The defence and security forces have emerged as the saviours of the people of Jammu & Kashmir, who are facing the worst flood of the century. These security forces' heroic efforts have saved tens of thousands of lives in the last three-four days. The much 'hated' Indian Army is doing a commendable job across the flood-hit Kashmir Valley. It has reached even the remote corners of the state with rescue equipment's and other essential goods to save people facing death.
In the worst hit state capital Srinagar, the Army, Indian Air Force, National Disaster Response Force (NDRF), Navy and other paramilitary forces have been rescuing thousands of marooned civilians and some stranded tourists. These brave men have been risking their own lives to save the people, fully knowing that the same people whom they saved might throw stones and hand grenades at them once the situation returns to normal.
The rest of India is hoping that the heroic, humanitarian efforts of our defence forces will change the perception of the local Kashmiris about our military, which is demonized by various vested interests.
The defence and security forces have emerged as the saviours of the people of Jammu and Kashmir, saving tens of thousands of lives.
#jammu and kashmir floods #security forces #defence #indian air force
The defence personnel have carried plane loads of medicine, food, clothes and other essential materials to different parts of Srinagar and other affected areas. They are still trying to rescue people from the rooftops and other flooded houses.
Army Chief General Dalbir Singh Suhag has made a statement that his men will not return to their barracks till the last person is rescued.
According to local people, the inability and indifference of the Omar Abdullah government is mainly responsible for the loss of lives and flood. The government failed to gauge the situation and prevent the flooding. Despite several warnings and requests, the state government actually did nothing to prevent the catastrophe.
The All Party Hurriyat Conference, the umbrella body of the Kashmiri separatists, which thinks that it is the sole representative of Kashmiri people, is missing from the action. Not a single leader of the Hurriyat has so far come out to help the agencies in relief and rescue operations. According to some locals these separatists are hiding at their flood proof comfortable homes.
A few Kashmiris are trying to do something. But their effort is limited only to the social media sites like Facebook and Twitter.
There have been inhuman tweets by some local Kashmiris about the Army even during the crisis. Some are rejoicing the death of some Army personnel and loss to their Army establishments due to flood.
Many people feel that even though the ordinary people of Kashmir are happy with the efforts of the Army, vested interests like Hurriyat and others who survive and thrive by abusing Indian government and the people, don't want to admit that. They fear that it will end their free run.
People in rest of India hope that the ordinary Kashmiris will realise that their one and the only saviour is Indian government, not the separatists and fly by night 'intellectuals'.

Israel offers help in Ganga cleaning projectSep 09, 2014 at  01:46pm IST
Israel offers help in Ganga cleaning project
51
0
New Delhi: Israel has expressed interest in sharing its expertise on water purification and waste water treatment under Prime Minister Narendra Modi's pet project for cleaning river Ganga.
The Centre had set a target of three years to rejuvenate the polluted holy river Ganga and has formed an integrated plan 'Namaami Gange' in this regard.
"We have already met the Union Water Resources Minister Uma Bharti and the concerned Secretary few times, we want to be involved. We offered our knowledge, technology and technical know-how (for the project)," Israel's Head of Economic and Trade Mission Yonatan Ben-Zaken said.
The Centre had set a target of three years to rejuvenate the polluted holy river Ganga and has formed an integrated plan 'Namaami Gange' in this regard.
#israel #india #ganga #ganga cleaning project
Speaking on sidelines of a seminar on 'Water Security & Waste Water Management', he said Israel is known for its capabilities and expertise in waste water treatment, purification and water reuse for agriculture and industry.
"We are in talks and we think that cleaning industrial pollutants from the river (Ganga) should be first priority," Yonatan said.
Emphasising on the need to make Ganga rejuvenation a mass movement, Modi had yesterday said the first priority of the Namaami Gange mission should be to prevent fresh generation of pollutants.
Modi was chairing the first high level meeting of the mission.
As many as 11 Israeli companies participated at the seminar, which was a B2B (business-to-business) interaction between Israeli and Indian companies.
The companies included Aqwise, Biopetroclean, Amiad, Ayala Aqua and Nisco.
The 25 Indian companies that were invited for the event included L&T, Punj Lloyd, IVRCL, Essar, Engineers India Ltd (EIL), Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd (BHEL) and National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC).
61

L&T picks up Ramboll s stake in L&T-Ramboll ConsultingHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
L&T picks up Ramboll's stake in L&T-Ramboll Consulting
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 9:  
L&T said it has acquired 50 per cent stake in L&T-Ramboll Consulting Engineers Ltd (LTR) held by Ramboll Denmark.
With this acquisition, LTR now becomes a wholly-owned subsidiary of L&T.
L&T said the company will continue to offer single point ‘concept to commissioning’ consultancy services for infrastructure projects like airports, roads, bridges, ports and maritime structure, including environment, transport planning and other related services.
LTR was incorporated in 1998 with L&T contributing 50 per cent of the authorised and paid-up capital. Ramboll Denmark and Industrialization Fund for Developing Countries (IFU) contributed 26 per cent and 24 per cent, respectively. Ramboll Denmark purchased IFU’s 24 per cent stake in 2004.
LTR has about 250 engineers on board, with registered office in Chennai and regional offices in Hyderabad, Delhi and Mumbai.
Post-acquisition, the company will be renamed L&T Infrastructure Engineering Ltd.
S N Subrahmanyan, Senior Executive Vice-President (Infrastructure and Construction), said, “This acquisition is a significant move to strengthen our EPC offering in the infrastructure sector. With a track of successful projects and international exposure, L&T Infrastructure Engineering will be providing engineering services for infrastructure projects.”
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

DuPont announces innovation contest winnersTweet
Kolkata, Sept 9:  
DuPont on Tuesday announced that Vivek Pandey from IIT, Kharagpur, and Rahul Sharma from IIFT, Kolkata, have won the first prize in the national university innovation competition -- DuPont: The Power of Shunya: Challenge for Zero Season 2.
Their winning innovation, micro cold storage, is a farm-level solar cold storage system that can address the issue of food wastage. It uses a uniquely designed thermal storage methodology that will control compartment cooling in tandem with regular cooling.
Runners-up
The runners-up prize went to innovative nano purifier, a new water-purifying product developed by Devlina Das and Pushkin Kasat from VIT, Vellore and Shailesh J Mehta School of Management, IIT Bombay. The device is a zinc oxide nano particle that has been modified by amine. This new purifying technique is designed to treat large water masses plagued with a wide array of pollutants, including various types of metals, dyes and pesticides.
The winning innovation beat 15 other path-breaking innovations from India’s premier science and technology institutes and B-schools. The winner received a grand prize of Rs 10 lakh and a paid experience to the global DuPont headquarters and the Experimental Station at Wilmington, Delaware, USA.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Jagans quid pro quo case: Hearing in CBI court on Sept 23Jagan’s quid pro quo case: Hearing in CBI court on Sept 23
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 9:  
A special CBI court here today posted to September 23 the cases of alleged quid pro quo investments involving the firms of YSR Congress chief Y S Jaganmohan Reddy.
Jagan, a legislator from Pulivendula Assembly seat and the Leader of Opposition in Andhra Pradesh Assembly, appeared before the court in connection with different aspects of the cases.
Former minister D Prasad Rao was among those who appeared before the court in connection with one of the cases.
Some senior IAS officers and industrialists, who are among others accused in different charge-sheets filed in connection with the cases, also appeared before the court.
All the cases pertain to alleged investments made by various private firms and individuals to the tune of several crores of rupees in Jagan’s businesses, as part of quid-pro-quo arrangement in exchange for alleged favours by the erstwhile YS Rajasekhar Reddy government.
The CBI has accused Jagan of amassing huge wealth through illegal means by misusing the office of his father YSR, when he was the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh between 2004 and 2009.
The first charge-sheet was filed against Jagan and 12 others on March 31, 2012 on the issue relating to allotment of land to the tune of 75 acres each to pharma companies Hetero and Aurobindo Pharma separately.
The investigating agency has filed ten different charge-sheets in the cases.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Apex court terming coal block allotment illegal a wake-up call: GoyalApex court terming coal block allotment illegal a wake-up call: Goyal
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 9:  
The coal block allocation held illegal and arbitrary by the Supreme Court was a “wake-up call” for the Government to bring in greater transparency and answerability in the system, Power and Coal Minister, Piyush Goyal, said today.
“It’s a wake up call for all of us, Supreme Court is hearing the matter as we speak. The accountability and transparency standards throughout the country in every action of the government have to become more transparent, subject to more probity,” Goyal said here.
He said that the politicians and bureaucrats have to be more cautious and conscious of their responsibility.
The apex court, last month, held that all coal block allocations made since 1993 till 2010 before pre-auction era during earlier NDA and UPA regimes have been done in an illegal manner.
The government is awaiting Supreme Court’s decision on the matter which will decide the fate of 218 coal blocks allotted during the period.
Meanwhile, Goyal met the state power ministries and officials to deliberate on issues that focus on policy improvement.
“The focus of today’s meeting should be policy improvement. We can meet some other time to discuss the problems and specific issues of states,” he said addressing dignitaries of the states at the meeting.
However, he said that specific examples which can lead to policy improvement are welcome.
Of the 29 states and five Union Territories, representatives from only 18 states were present at the meeting.
“Some states thought that it (the meeting) was not important enough,” Goyal said.
The Minister said the Centre would require co—operation from the state governments to achieve its aim of providing 24x7 power to every household in the country in the next five years.
“We can become a diesel and generator free country and production of 1 billion tonnes of coal by 2019 is achievable.
We need states’ co-operation,” he said adding that 18 per cent growth in coal production is possible “if we work together“.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Investors put in Rs 1 lakh cr in mutual fund schemes in AugustBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Eskay Speciality has grown 35% annually over two yearsStory
All in the Family
The company, which posted revenue of Rs 45 crore in 2013/14, has grown about 35 per cent annually over the past two years.
Ketan Shah, CEO of Eskay Speciality Chemicals. Photo: Shailesh Rawal.
BT-YES Bank Best SME Survey
 
ESKAY SPECIALITY CHEMICALS
The Rs 600-crore SK Group, of which Eskay Speciality Chemicals is a part, has never roped in any investors from outside the founding Shah family.
This is because whenever one part of the business requires money other units chip in, says Ketan Shah, CEO of Eskay Speciality and one of seven cousins who run the group. Eskay Speciality was set up in 2006 and makes niche chemicals that are used in the making of ointments and medicines.
VIDEO: What makes Eskay Speciality Chemicals stand out The company, which posted revenue of Rs 45 crore in 2013/14, has grown about 35 per cent annually over the past two years. That pace will be difficult to maintain as the company grows, says Shah, who is looking at a more realistic 22 per cent to 25 per cent.
The company gets nearly 80 per cent of its revenue from exports, mainly to the US and Europe. Shah says the company has about 25 customers, including the likes of Sanofi, Procter & Gamble, and Novartis.
Clients vouch for the company. Pradeep Thakur, who heads the India sourcing arm of US-based pharmaceuticals and chemicals company Aceto, has been an Eskay customer for more than decade. He says the company is profit-oriented but doesn't try to exploit customers who are bound by tough regulatory concerns. Eskay also looks after the interests of its customers, he says, adding: "We have never lost business because of [Eskay's] greed."

Suzuki launches premium 150cc bike Gixxer priced at Rs 72 199BSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

After 2G case  SC issues notice to CBI director in coal scamPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:34 pm
A day after the Supreme Court issued notice to CBI director Ranjit Sinha for allegedly protecting some accused in 2G case, its another bench on Tuesday sought explanation from the top cop on similar allegations in the coal scam.
A bench headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha issued notice to the CBI director on a plea seeking an SIT probe against him for allegedly protecting the accused in Coalgate and to keep him away from the investigation and prosecution in the multi-crore scam.
Granting 10 days time to him to file his response to the allegations, the bench, however, refused to pass any order for recusal of Sinha in the case.
The court posted the case for further hearing on September 19.
At the begining of the proceeding, the bench observed that an order has already been passed by another bench of the apex court against Sinha and no further order is required.
But advocate Prashant Bhushan, appearing for an NGO, which filed application against Sinha, contended that Monday’s order was on the 2G case and the court could pass order pertaining to the coal scam.
Thereafter, the bench agreed to issue notice to Sinha and posted the case after next date of hearing of 2G scam, which is to take place on September 15, when the apex court will look into the response filed by the CBI director.
In the application filed in the court, NGO Common Cause had referred to reports about the entry register at Sinha’s residence containing names of “influential” persons allegedly involved in the coal scam.
It accused him of scuttling the probe in the “high magnitude” coal scam case in which 20 FIRs for offences of corruption, cheating and criminal conspiracy have been lodged and two charge sheets filed in the trial court.
On Monday, another bench of the apex court, headed by Justice H L Dattu, which is monitoring the 2G scam case, had directed Sinha to come out in “black and white” on averments made against him for allegedly entertaining scam-tainted visitors at his official residence here, saying that it is a “serious” issue.
The application filed by the NGO had referred to the alleged instances that “enumerate the instances of undue interference on the part the CBI director” in the coal scam probe.
The NGO had said that a trusted whistle-blower has brought to the notice of Bhushan some significant information contained in the entry registers of the years 2013 and 2014, which were maintained at the official residence of the CBI director at 2, Janpath, New Delhi.
“Hence, in the light of these facts and circumstances, it is respectfully prayed that in public interest and in the interest of fair investigations in the case, this court may be pleased to direct that Sinha shall not interfere in coal block allocation case continued…

Manoos turns 75  revives golden era of V ShantaramPress Trust of India | Pune | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:18 pm
Exactly 75 years ago on this day, Indian cinema had its watershed moment with release of Marathi movie ‘Manoos’ (man), that perhaps for the first time made a bold attempt to explore realities of the life of a sex worker.
It was legendary producer-director V Shantaram, who conceived the plot, based on a short story ‘The Police Constable’, which revolved around the theme of a simple, good hearted uniformed man attempting to unshackle and free a prostitute from a life of indignity.
Today, the theme sounds pretty run-of-the-mill kind, but presenting it in 1939 on the silver screen with a female actress portraying the character, condemned to the world of vice, was a real reel adventure that became a hit, said Anil Damle, grandson of Vishnu Damle, one of the pioneering five partners, including Shantaram, who set up the famous ‘Prabhat’ studio in the city that produced some of the best movies with social import.
Highlighting the finer nuances that went into the making of the Shantaram masterpiece, Damle told PTI, “A perfectionist artiste, Shantaram went to red light area of Bombay and visited brothels to lend a realistic touch to the sets created in Prabhat studios by S Fattelal. Eminent director Shyam Benegal had paid tributes to their creative genius saying it was hard to believe that the scenes involving Maina (ShantaHublikar) and Ganapat Hawildar (played by Shahu Modak) were shot in a studio.”
An effervescent Shanta Hublikar broke taboos to play the role of Maina, the prostitute who dreamt of a normal married life but remained street smart to survive and combat harsh realities of the world in which she lived.
Recalling Hublikar’s path breaking depiction of Maina, Damle quoted her as saying from his Prabhat archives: “I never felt that I was doing an inferior role of a prostitute. I was at peace with the character because I wanted to portray the agony of a social segment.”
Shahu Modak, who had earlier played deified roles in some mythological movies, undertook a body building regime to develop a physique suitable for a police constable.
The make-up man at Prabhat “inflicted” an old wound on his face to give it a rugged look to vibe well with the character of a law enforcer, he said.
A former military officer was engaged by Shantaram to make daily police parade drills look real.
The song, picturised on Shanta Hublikar, ‘Kashala udyachi baat… Hi sarun chalali raat…(Why do you worry about tomorrow, the night is slipping away…)’ became most popular, conveying continued…

Parineeti Chopra: I find it disrespectful when people call me bubblyParineeti is currently busy promoting her forthcoming film 'Daawat-e-Ishq'.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:16 pm
Actress Parineeti Chopra who is often known as one of the most bubbly actress in Bollywood says she finds the title ‘Bubbly’ very disrespectful.
“When people call me bubbly, I find it very disrespectful. I have done four films and there was nothing similar between ‘Hasee Toh Phasee’, ‘Ishaqzaade’, ‘Shuddh Desi Romance’ and ‘Ladies vs Ricky Bahl’,” Parineeti told IANS.
“There was nothing similar about them and there was nothing bubbly about them at all. I find it ridiculous and I would like them (people) to see my films again so that they can change their opinion,” she added.
In pics: Parineeti, Aditya promote ‘Daawat-e-Ishq’
Parineeti is currently busy promoting her forthcoming film ‘Daawat-e-Ishq’. Directed by Habib Faisal, the film features Aditya Roy Kapur as the male lead.
The actress is focussed at making herself better with every project, and not concerned about what her competitors are doing.
“I genuinely don’t care about what anybody else is doing I only want to be better than my last outing. Every actress is different and we all get different kind of work and so there is no reason to compete. I can’t think of them like that at all,” she said.
When people call me bubbly, I find it very disrespectful. I have done four films and there was nothing similar between 'Hasee Toh Phasee', 'Ishaqzaade', 'Shuddh Desi Romance' and 'Ladies vs Ricky Bahl'

Honoured that Goli Soda is going to Busan film fest: Director(Source: Movie Still)
Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:05 pm
Cinematographer-turned-director S.D. Vijay Milton feels honoured that his Tamil directorial debut “Goli Soda”, a coming-of-age story of street urchins, will be screened at the upcoming 19th Busan International Film Festival.
The festival is scheduled to take place between Oct 2 and 11.
“We as a team are so proud that our film is going to Busan film fest. Ours might have been a small film, but we made it with a big heart. This is a great honour for ‘Goli Soda’. My film’s producer and I are planning to attend the screening,” Milton told IANS.
“Goli Soda”, which is one of the most successful Tamil films of the year, will be screened Oct 2 under the category ‘A Window on Asian Cinema’.
Other Indian films to be screened at Busan film fest include “Haider”, “Finding Fanny”, “Margarita, with a Straw”, “Labour of Love” and “Zahir”.
Milton is currently directing Tamil thriller “10 Enradhukulla” with actor Vikram.

Sudden turn of events leaves BJP in shockUpdated: September 9, 2014 14:28 IST
Sudden turn of events leaves BJP in shock
P. Sudakar
The BJP’s mayoral candidate for Tirunelveli, G.P.R. Vellaiammal, submits the letter for withdrawal of her nomination to Corporation Commissioner and Returning Officer R. Lakshmi on Monday.
AIADMK’s Bhuvaneswari to be the fifth Mayor of Tirunelveli
In a sudden turn of events, the BJP’s mayoral candidate, G.P.R. Vellaiammal, withdrew her nomination on Monday, to the shock of her partymen, and allowed her rival, E. Bhuvaneshwari of the AIADMK, to be elected unopposed as Tirunelveli Mayor.
Ms. Bhuvaneshwari, a staunch loyalist of Chief Minister Jayalalithaa, will be the fifth Mayor.
The drama unfolded at 11.15 a.m. when Ms. Vellaiammal, the BJP’s district executive committee member, accompanied by her husband G.P. Raja, submitted to Commissioner and Returning Officer R. Lakshmi the letter for withdrawal of nomination. She left immediately in a car and could not be contacted thereafter for her reaction. Her mobile phone remained switched off.
According to AIADMK sources, Ms. Vellaiammal is likely to join the ruling party within a couple of days.
For the past few days, reports were rife that Ms. Vellaiammal was being persuaded by the ruling party to join its ranks. Sensing trouble, the BJP leadership shifted her to a “safe place” at Nagercoil, where she stayed till Sunday, only to watch her withdraw the nomination on Monday in “utter disbelief.”
The unexpected turn of events has shattered the morale of the BJP district unit. “We are confused,” said T.V. Suresh, district organising secretary, who said an industrialist played an important role in it.
The BJP’s allies are also shocked. “We were clueless. The BJP’s State leadership was in touch with us, and we had even arranged vehicles for electioneering,” said a DMDK leader.
Consequently, Chief Minister and AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa will skip campaigning in Tirunelveli. She will address meetings at Tuticorin on September 14 and Coimbatore on September 15.
The AIADMK candidate for chairman of the Sankarankovil municipality, M. Rajalakshmi, was also elected unopposed as other candidates pulled out of the race. The three other contenders submitted their letters of withdrawal to Returning Officer Mohideen Abdul Khader to let Ms. Rajalakshmi win the post, which is reserved for a Dalit woman this time. The post fell vacant after the former chairperson, S. Muthuselvi, was elected to the Assembly from Sankarankoil.
RELATED NEWS

Wonga taps RSA to refill management ranksWonga taps RSA for UK managing director as it rebuilds top team
By Martin Arnold
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/01e4600a-378d-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Former SAC manager gets 9 years in prisonFormer SAC manager gets 9 years in prison
By Aaron Smith  @AaronSmithCNN September 9, 2014: 7:10 AM ET
Mathew and Rosemary Martoma leaving federal court in New York after his conviction in February.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Mathew Martoma, a former employee of hedge fund billionaire Steve Cohen, has been sentenced to 9 years in federal prison for insider trading.
He was also to ordered to forfeit $9.3 million, equal to the bonus he received in the trades that led to his conviction. He is expected to lose his home in Boca Raton, Fla.
Martoma was facing up to 45 years in prison, having been convicted of two counts of securities fraud and one count of conspiracy to commit securities fraud in U.S. District Court in Manhattan in February. Defense lawyers had asked for a sentence of two or three years.
"Mathew Martoma and his family are devastated by the outcome," said his lawyer Richard Strassberg, in a written statement to CNNMoney. He said that Martoma plans to appeal.
He is required to surrender to authorities on Nov. 10. Strassberg asked that he be incarcerated at a low-security prison in Miami, near his family.
While working for Cohen's hedge fund firm SAC Capital in 2008, Martoma obtained inside information about the drug stocks Elan and Wyeth, by holding a series of paid meetings with doctors involved in clinical trials of an experimental Alzheimer's treatment.
Last week, Judge Paul Gardephe dismissed Martoma's request for an acquittal or a new trial, writing in court documents that "the evidence at trial overwhelmingly demonstrated Martoma's guilt on all three counts."
This was after the judge received 140 letters of support from family and friends urging leniency on behalf of Martoma's wife, Rosemary, and their three young children.
His father-in-law, David Kurian, described Martoma as a "role model" family man who was hounded by FBI agents and pilloried by media coverage.
"His status as a villain was cemented in the national consciousness long before his day in court," wrote Kurian, who praised his son-in-law's courage in standing up to a team of prosecutors with a "100% conviction rate in these cases."
Prior to the sentencing, Strassberg asked for leniency, saying "a lengthy sentence would mean that none of the children would get to spend the rest of their childhoods (with him) outside the walls of a prison."
But Judge Gardephe said Martoma's actions "cannot be excused merely because one has a family." The judge said that a lengthy sentence was warranted, given the "staggering" amount of money involved in the case.
Related: Five famous insider trading cases
The prosecutors said that Martoma was able to learn about the secret results of drug experiments, allowing the firm to unload and short Elan and Wyeth before the negative results were published, which then triggered a slide in the share price. SAC realized more than $270 million in profit and avoided losses from the trades.
Elan and Wyeth have since been purchased by Pfizer ( PFE ). SAC Capital has been renamed Point72 , after the firm pleaded guilty to insider trading charges and agreed to pay a fine of $1.8 billion and to close its doors to outside investors.
Martoma is one of eight former employees of SAC Capital to be charged with white collar crime. Six of them pleaded guilty. One other, Michael Steinberg , fought insider trading charges in a case that was similar to Martoma's, and lost. He was sentenced to 3-1/2 years, fined $2 million and forced to forfeit $365,000.
Cohen, however, has never been charged with a crime, even though federal prosecutors have been circling him for years.
First Published: September 8, 2014: 5:01 PM ET
Most Popular

Here are some stock picks from Manas JaiswalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are some stock picks from Manas Jaiswal
Watch the interview of Manas Jaiswal with Sumaira Abidi & Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook specific stocks.
Post your opinion here

Here are some top trading ideas from Manish HathiramaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are some top trading ideas from Manish Hathiramani
Watch the interview of Manish Hathiramani of Deen Dayal Investments with Ekta Batra & Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on Markets and specific stocks.
Post your opinion here

Buy DCW  Tata Sponge  Apollo Tyres: Manav ChopraLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy DCW, Tata Sponge, Apollo Tyres: Manav Chopra
Manav Chopra of Nirmal Bang Securities recommends buying Apollo Tyres and Gujarat Alkali.
Post your opinion here
Bull's Eye
In CNBC-TV18's popular show Bull's Eye, Manav Chopra of Nirmal Bang Securities shares his trading strategies for the day.
One can buy  DCW . This stock overall has seen a good rise since past couple of weeks and yesterday it has given a breakout from its short term consolidation pattern on the intraday charts. If you look at the volumes also there has been a sharp rise in volumes in past four to five trading sessions. The momentum is strong and in the near term perspective the stock is likely to see a sharp rise.
One can buy Tata Sponge . The stock has been in a very sideways trends since past couple of months and yesterday it has managed to break decisively the crucial levels of Rs 930 and has managed to close above it which is a positive signal. The breakout has been accompanied by volumes and in the near term perspective the stock is likely to take some momentum as the overall trend is still bullish.
One can buy Gujarat Alkali . This stock has been consolidating since past few months and yesterday it managed to give a decisive close above the important hurdle of Rs 210. We have seen a sharp rise prior to the breakout. It has closed above its short term moving average which is positive signal.
One can buy Apollo Tyres . Yesterday most of the tyre stocks have seen a good outperformance. This stock has also managed to break its important hurdles. The momentum looks good in the stock and we have seen good volume built up happening since last couple of trading sessions. At the current levels if you look at the stock, Rs 205-208 is the strong support clusters.
RELATED NEWS

SC stand on coal block allocation a wake up callThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Markets pause after record highs; ICICI Bank  Infosys down 1%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

German foreign minister holds talks with Venkaiah Naidu to bolster tiesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Army s  Mission Sahayata  providing consistent help in flood ravaged Jammu and KashmirThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Mahindra Group donates Rs 20 mn for J&K flood disaster reliefThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

My dear guest can u distingusih bestween mr jain 2014 and kmg savvy....New Member
1 Followers
My dear guest  Can u distingusih bestween Mr Jain 2014 and  KMG Savvy. One says don`t buy but another man says  u can buy.  what we have to do at this juncture
2.58 PM Sep 9th

Sorry motocheck can advice on it only tommorow havent read the charts ...New Member
122 Followers
no even if they are i m trading on my own ..better to earn yourself than to make others loose and get abused will disclose my positions after trading
2.49 PM Sep 9th

A projected dividend of 36 per share ( or more)  gives a dividend yiel...182 Followers
Mr. Murthy,
It is always better to tread with caution.  If you do a peer analysis of mps with the likes of TCS , Tech mahindra etc. they typically command a PE in the range of 20 -22.
So assuming MPS will achieve a PE of 20 we can safely give a target of Rs. 700 for this financial year.
However, a few notes of caution
1. The real growth this quarter (Standalone) is just 15 percent.  The Dollar growth rate is just 7 percent.  The 25 percent growth rate is post consolidation of Element so the q to q results are strictly not comparable.
2. The 12 rs. dividend this time is in my opinion clearing the backlog of the previous missed dividend of Q4.  Based on the cash position a Rs. 25 dividend seems more plausible.
3. The market is pricing this at a premium due to the great transparency, generous dividends and great corporate governance at MPS.
We will need to carefully monitor the next few quarters to check the growth rates.  At this PE MPS will need to grow revenues at a minimum of 20 percent per annum consistently going forward
So i am of the opinion that this is a fully valued share as of now.  But yes there are many triggers like hidden value in real estate, acquisitions, cloud that will need a longer term to frutify.
All and all i am cautiously optimistic at these levels.  If you ask me whether i would buy at these levels I would say i will be more comfortable buying at Rs. 500 or below.
But in the long run (5 years) i am extremely optimistic about my investment in MPS.
5.52 PM Sep 9th

Ban on e-rickshaws to continue: Delhi HCNew Delhi, Sept 9:  
The Delhi High Court today said that ban on e-rickshaws will continue.
The court has left it to Parliament and the Centre to frame rules for regulating the plying of erickshaws.
What is prohibited under law, cannot be permitted, it said.
Petition seeking review of High Court’s July 31 order on ban has become infructuous, it added.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Prakash Surya Steel Pipes launches 2 new productsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Prakash Surya Steel Pipes launches 2 new products 
Our Bureau 
Bangalore, Sept 9:  
Prakash Surya Steel Pipes, the GI pipe manufacturer, has launched two more steel products in Bangalore.
Raju Bista, Managing Director, Surya Roshni Ltd, who addressed a mega retailers' meet, said the company has improved its steel and high grade zinc products manufactured at its three plants located across the country.
The company launched its products at the retailers' meet, which was attended by more than 1,000 authorised dealers and retailers from across 16 districts and 80 taluks of Karnataka.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Siemens to delist from London  Swiss exchangesSiemens to delist from London, Swiss exchanges
Our Bureau
REUTERS
Mumbai, Sept 9:  
The managing board of Siemens AG has resolved to delist the ordinary shares of Siemens from the London Stock Exchange (LSE) and the Swiss Stock Exchange (SIX Swiss Exchange AG/SIX).
Recently, trading in Siemens shares has been effected primarily in Germany via electronic trading platforms (OTC - over the counter).
Siemens in a media statement said that the trading volume of shares on the LSE and SIX is comparatively low. In 2013, the trading volume was less than three per cent in London and less than one per cent in SIX of the worldwide trading volume.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Pennar Industries bags orders worth Rs 132 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Pennar Industries bags orders worth Rs 132 cr
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 9:  
Pennar Industries Ltd, through its subsidiaries Pennar Engineered Building Systems and Pennar Enviro Ltd, has secured orders worth Rs 132 crore.
In a statement made to the BSE, Pennar said the orders were from MRF, Ultratech Cement, Deify Infrastructure, JSW Bellary and Lanco Infratech, among others.
In the pre-engineered building systems segment, the orders included one from MRF Ltd for their factory building near Chennai, a cold storage facility in Gulbarga for Ultratech Cement, Deify for their factory near Raipur, and Carldreys Refractories for their manufacturing facility in Gujarat.
In the environment and water treatment division, the orders were from Lanco Infratech, for the design and setting up of a cooling water treatment system for expansion of its 3x660 MW power plant at Koradi, JSW Bellary for a water treatment plant, and IG Petrochemicals for supply of fuel additives.
Aditya Rao, Vice-Chairman and MD, Pennar, in a statement said, “We have seen growth in the order book of all our business units. Our priorities in the current fiscal are to further scale the growth, enter new geographies, product and service verticals.”
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Realty saw major change during 2005-14: ReportRealty sector saw major change during 2005-14: CBRE Report
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 12:00 IST
Photo: Reuters
The real estate market witnessed a significant change in the last decade mainly backed by opening up of FDI in the sector and shift in preference to high-rises over traditional low-rise structures, according to a report.
The opening up of the sector to foreign direct investment in 2005 initiated the entry of new avenues for funding, and capital inflow witnessed a spike, property consultant CBRE said in its report titled 'Inflection Point: Ten years of organised real estate in India (2005-2014)'.
Restrictive legislations till 2004 provided limited scope of funds for the sector. However, opening up of the sector to FDI in 2005 opened up new avenues for investment, it said.
As per the report, the capital inflows into the sector witnessed a spike especially in 2007 and 2008 when private equity investment was close to $14 billion.
The economy opened up for investments around 2005, which was instrumental in spurring broad-based fundamental growth across various sectors accelerating consumption and heightening investment inflows, CBRE South Asia Chairman and Managing Director Anshuman Magazine said.
India's housing landscape shifted from largely independent low-rise plotted developments to high-rise apartment complexes, mainly to meet the over increasing demand for homes , the report said.
Investment-grade office space formed the mainstay of the evolution of the organised real estate sector in the country, which witnessed a shift from traditional central business districts of leading cities across India to new peripheral/suburban business districts in the last decade, it said.
From a little over 90 million sqft in 2005 to more than 400 million sqft in 2014, country's investment grade office stock has undergone a generational shift in its composition, structure and spread backed by the private sector as well as intervention by the government.
The retail landscape also underwent significant changes over the last decade. The period was marked by the rising popularity of malls among shoppers and retailers, as against the decline of major high streets.
Going forward, technology and e-commerce will co-exist alongside malls and high streets in a comprehensive retail real estate eco-system, Magazine said.

Sensex down on profit bookingUpdated: September 5, 2014 23:12 IST
Sensex down on profit booking
Special Correspondent
economy, business and finance
Stock indices fell on Friday due to profit booking by investors while the rupee lost marginally prior to the U.S. job data, which could give direction to global markets as US Federal Reserve would take a decision on continuing its stimulus programmes. Meanwhile, the rupee closed at 60.39 a dollar compared to 60.36 on Thursday.
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 30-share Sensitive Index (Sensex) lost by 59.23 points or 0.22 per cent to close at 27026.70. Among the broader indices, BSE 100 was down by 0.09 per cent and BSE 200 lost 0.06 per cent. On the National Stock Exchange the 50-share Nifty closed at 8086.85 with a fall of 9.10 points or 0.11 per cent.
“For second successive session, the domestic markets were seen maintaining the sideways bias on Friday and closed flat in the end,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.

Obama to reveal strategy to tackle ISIS threat on WednesdayPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 8, 2014 9:14 am
President Barack Obama will on Wednesday announce the US’ strategy to tackle the threat posed by ISIS, the terrorist outfit which has gained control over a large part of Iraq and Syria, and has brutally killed two American journalists in recent past.
“On Wednesday I’ll make a speech and describe what our game plan is going to be going forward. But this is not going to be an announcement about the US ground troops. This is not the equivalent of the Iraq War,” Obama told NBC’s “Meet the Press” in an interview.
“What this is… is similar to the kinds of counter terrorism campaigns that we’ve been engaging in consistently over the last six-seven years,” he said.
Obama said the entire international community understands that ISIS was something that has to be dealt with.
“So what I have done over the last several months is first and foremost make sure that we’ve got eyes on the problem, that we shifted resources, intelligence, reconnaissance, we did an assessment on the ground,” he added.
The US President said that in an important second step he ensured protection of American personnel, embassies and consulates.
“That included taking air strikes to ensure that towns like Erbil were not overrun, critical infrastructure like the Mosul Dam was protected,” said the US President.
Obama would meet the congressional leaders on Tuesday.
“I am going to be asking the Congress to make sure that they understand and support what our plan is. And it’s going to require some resources, I suspect, above what we are currently doing,” Obama said.

App to help curb youth suicideUpdated: September 8, 2014 12:01 IST
App to help curb youth suicide
IANS
Gatekeepers and a smartphone app are the keys to tackling indigenous youth suicide. File photo: AP
TOPICS
health
Australian researchers are developing a smartphone app to stop the escalating rate of indigenous youth suicide.
The app will facilitate referral of the young person to local liaison officers and other government or non—government support agencies.
“We will design, develop and distribute an Apple iPhone and Android smartphone app through iTunes and Google’s android market to support the implementation of the gatekeeper training,” Maree Toombs, a researcher from the University of Queensland’s school of medicine, was quoted as saying.
A community led training programme linking health providers, community members, peers, school leaders and mentors as gatekeepers will run along side the app, Brisbane Times reported.
A gatekeeper is anyone within a community who is in a position to recognise the warning signs that someone may be contemplating suicide.
“Gatekeepers and a smartphone app are the keys to tackling indigenous youth suicide by providing accessible help to the at—risk youth,” Toombs added.

Apple Inc to unveil new big-screen iPhone 6  iWatch todayBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

England beat Switzerland  Estonia edge past SloveniaDanny Welbeck scores after beating Switzerland's Valon Behrami and Johan Djourou. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Posted: September 9, 2014 11:40 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 12:35 pm
Danny Welbeck scored twice to give England respite from criticism and a deserved 2-0 win at Switzerland in their European Championship qualifying opener on Monday.
Welbeck finished off Raheem Sterling’s pass on a fast counter-attack in the 58th minute and slotted in a right-footed shot deep into stoppage time.
England’s lead was preserved in the 70th by defender Gary Cahill sliding to block Josip Drmic’s shot after the Swiss substitute dribbled around goalkeeper Joe Hart.
Widely criticized for failure to win a game at the World Cup, England responded by winning its most difficult fixture in Euro 2016 qualifying against the No. 9 team in FIFA’s rankings. England is No. 20.
“I’ve never really lost faith,” England coach Roy Hodgson said. “I thought that the way we approached the game from the first minute was exactly what we wanted and we got our reward for once.”
Switzerland was praised for reaching the last 16 in Brazil, but new coach Vladimir Petkovic begins his tenure with the team’s first competitive home loss in four years. Then, England won 3-1 at the same St. Jakob-Park early in Euro 2012 qualifying.
“They lacked a bit of calm in their game,” Petkovic said of his players. “The first goal is a gift but we reacted well after that”.
Also in Group E on Monday, Lithuania won 2-0 at San Marino, and Estonia beat Slovenia 1-0.
The top two in each group qualify for Euro 2016 in France. The third-place team can qualify directly or advance to a playoff.
Hodgson was rewarded for selecting youth in a starting lineup with an average age under 25.
The 19-year-old Sterling took Rooney’s weighted pass in his speedy stride, advanced into the left side of the Swiss penalty area and slid the ball across goal for 23-year-old Welbeck to score.
Though it was Welbeck’s shin connecting with the ball, Arsenal’s new 16 million-pound ($25.8-million) signing from Manchester United was perfectly positioned to strike.
Rooney’s astute play launched the move when the captain seized on his Swiss counterpart Gokhan Inler’s misplaced pass deep in England’s half.
England merited its lead, though the flip side of the youthful verve which created several chances was a lack of composure in dangerous situations.
“I think we created a number of chances which maybe we could have done better with the final pass,” Welbeck said.
A three-on-one break was wasted in the 29th when Welbeck passed the ball beyond Sterling’s reach in front of goal.
Earlier, Sterling delivered a slow pass into the path of Rooney whose weak shot was easily gathered by goalkeeper Yann Sommer.
Sommer excelled diving low to his left in the 43rd to push away a powerful header from Phil Jones at a corner.
England goalkeeper Joe Hart stood out saving twice from center forward Haris Seferovic.
Hart stretched his right leg to block Seferovic’s shot in the 33rd minute after continued…

Supreme Court tells Centre to speed up Delhi government formationNEW DELHI, September 9, 2014
Updated: September 10, 2014 00:04 IST
Expedite Delhi govt. formation, SC tells Centre
Krishnadas Rajagopal
PTI Aam Aadmi Party leader Arvind Kejriwal addresses a press conference in New Delhi on Monday. The AAP on Monday released footage purportedly showing BJP leaders inducing its party MLA with money to support the BJP in Delhi.
TOPICS
political parties
Otherwise, horse-trading will continue: Bench
The Supreme Court on Tuesday told the Centre that horse-trading would continue if steps were not taken soon to form a government in Delhi. “Things better be done at the earliest, otherwise horse-trading will continue,” a five-judge Constitution Bench led by Justice H.L. Dattu told the Centre.
The observation was made with reference to a footage released by the Aam Aadmi Party, the petitioner in the case, purportedly showing some Bharatiya Janata Party leaders inducing its party MLA with money and perks to support the BJP.
Additional Solicitor General P.S. Narasimha read out a letter dated September 4 from Delhi Lt-Governor Najeeb Jung to President Pranab Mukherjee, seeking his advice on inviting the BJP, the single largest party, to form the government in Delhi.
Mr. Narasimha said the process of forming a government was in the legislative domain and the court could intervene only if there was a question of legality involved. To this, Justice Dattu said the intention of the court was merely to “to have a government formed.” Mr. Narasimha replied that the process had begun. “I can assure you we are serious about it, but being a legislative process, we need to be given some time,” he said.
The Centre sought time till October-end, but the court refused and fixed the next date of hearing for October 10.
The petition filed by the AAP and Saurabh Bhardwaj, Transport Minister in the Arvind Kejriwal Cabinet, on February 20 sought the immediate dissolution of the Assembly and fresh elections.

From Uttarakhand to Kashmir  we are a disaster when it comes to disastersComments
The headline-grabbing event of the last couple of days — the mammoth floods in Jammu and Kashmir (J-K) — confirms once again that disaster preparedness is just not there in our DNA. It was only a year ago that the Himalayan state of Uttarakhand was ravaged by rains and floods that killed more than 5,000 people and destroyed property worth crores.
  
Play Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Many hoped that the tragedy would be a valuable lesson to the states and government-funded institutions that tackle such disasters. But regrettably, as we see in J-K, no lessons were learnt.
As I watched on TV the swirling river water ransack everything that came in its way, I remembered a quote I read somewhere: “Disasters happen. We still have no way to eliminate earthquakes, wildfires, hurricanes, floods or droughts. We cope as best we can by fortifying ourselves against danger with building codes and levees, and by setting aside money to clean up afterwards”.
But here in India, the thought process in the government circles is somewhat like this: let’s cross the bridge when we come to it, and if the situation becomes too difficult, then there are always the dependable Indian armed forces to rescue us.
Video: Nation stands by Jammu and Kashmir flood victims: Modi
Take for example, the issue of flood alerts: The India Meteorology Department’s season rainfall map as on September 6, 2014, shows that J-K received 558 mm rainfall till that date, progressing to excess rainfall category from deficit season rainfall of 308 mm as on September 3, in just three days.
Despite this warning, the Central Water Commission (CWC), which is responsible for flood forecasting and providing advisory to the states for tackling floods, had no flood forecasts for the state.
“The CWC’s flood forecast list on September 6, 2014, has 18 level forecasts and eight inflow forecasts, but NONE from J-K,” Himanshu Thakkar of the South Asia Network on Dams, Rivers & People told HT. “The CWC’s flood forecast site has another option that provides hydrographs for various rivers and location. Again for J-K it provides no hydrographs. The options on CWC’s Flood Forecast site for list-based selection and map-based selection again has no information about Jammu and Kashmir.”
When Down to Earth’s (DTE) correspondent confronted VD Roy, director of flood forecasting, CWC, about the floods, he said that state has a hydrological observatory which shares data with the state government but it does not have a flood forecasting network, adding that to date “CWC has established 175 stations for flood forecasting, but none of them is in J-K.
We plan to extend the centres and soon J-K will have additional flood forecast station.” When DTE asked why the state did not have a single station till date, Roy said, in a typical babu style, there are some pre-requisite requirements and since J-K could not provide that, stations could not be established! So now, after the floods have ripped open the state, J-K will probably get a flood forecast station. A sure shot case of shutting the stable door after the horse has bolted.
If the central departments were caught napping, the state government was in a Rip Van Winkle mode: it approved a Disaster Management Policy in 2012 for proper mechanism for rescue, relief and rehabilitation of disaster victims.
But it is yet to create a separate department to deal with disasters.
Such lackadaisical attitude is unacceptable since the state is vulnerable to disaster risks due to floods, landslides, earthquakes and Glacial Lake Outburst Flood. Such risks will only increase in the coming years due to climate change not only in J-K but across India.
While it is not possible to avoid disasters, governments could minimise the effects by taking into account the interventions we do in nature and also know the full risks of what we do. We need to assess the disaster potential of the area and understand how the interventions are going to change it.
Moreover, the level of disaster preparedness at the central level and in the states is uneven and requires considerable strengthening.
Last but not the least, India needs much better rainfall prediction, flood forecasting, disaster preparedness and disaster management plans and accountable mechanisms to ensure that all these are functional.

Maha CM writes to PM on state s worsening power situationSep 09, 2014, 12.54 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Maha CM writes to PM on state's worsening power situation
According to sources, in his letter to PM, Chavan has requested for a meeting of chief ministers of five states to find solution on Tata and Adani Power’s compensatory tariff dispute.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Maha CM writes to PM on state's worsening power situation
According to sources, in his letter to PM, Chavan has requested for a meeting of chief ministers of five states to find solution on Tata and Adani Power’s compensatory tariff dispute.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Worried over the worsening power situation in the state, Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a bid to make him aware of the current crisis, sources told CNBC-TV18.
According to sources, in his letter to PM, Chavan has requested for a meeting of chief ministers of five states to find solution on Tata Power  and Adani Power ’s compensatory tariff dispute.
He is learnt to have drawn attention to the fact that a change in law led to dispute arising out of PPAs signed with states and private producers expressing their inability to continue with operations.
The CM had also met Piyush Goyal and Sharad Pawar on August 30 in this regard.
In his letter, CM is learnt to have pointed out that the issue of compensatory tariff needs to be solved at the highest level and that the problems faced by the five states call for larger consultation and requires involvement of the central government.
It may recalled that the Supreme Court on August 25 had stayed the electricity appellate tribunal Aptel’s interim order on compensatory tariff , which allowed Tata Power and Adani Power to charge hiked tariff from March 2014.
The apex court asked the tribunal to hear the matter expeditiously. Haryana electricity distribution companies had moved SC on August 20 seeking a stay on the electricity tribunal’s interim order.
Aptel, now on September 11 and 15, is expected to hold the next set of hearings to determine the price that Tata Power and Adani Power can charge state utilities for supplying power from their Mundra plants in Gujarat.
The decision is likely to have a major impact on these two private power producers. The five states, which are affected by the current impasse include Maharashtra, Gujarat, Haryana, Punjab and Rajasthan.
Tata Power stock price
On November 13, 2014, Tata Power Company closed at Rs 89.40, up Rs 0.90, or 1.02 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 115.25 and the 52-week low was Rs 68.95.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 3.32 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 26.93. The latest book value of the company is Rs 52.69 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.70.
RELATED NEWS

NFL player punches wife in an elevator  loses $4m after CCTV video releasesNFL player punches wife in an elevator, loses $4m after CCTV video releases
AP
print
Ray Rice was let go by the Baltimore Ravens on Monday and suspended indefinitely by the NFL after a video was released showing the running back striking his then-fiancee in February.
The grainy video, released by TMZ Sports, shows Rice and Janay Palmer in an elevator at an Atlantic City casino. Each hits the other before Rice knocks Palmer off her feet and into a railing. Months ago, a TMZ video showed Rice dragging Palmer, now his wife, from the elevator at the Revel casino, which closed Sept. 2.
In a higher-quality video shown to The Associated Press by a law enforcement official Monday night, Rice and Palmer can be heard shouting obscenities at each other, and she appears to spit at Rice right before he throws the knockout punch. After she collapses, he drags her out of the elevator and is met by some hotel staff. One of them can be heard saying, "She's drunk, right?" And then, "No cops." Rice didn't respond. The video, which is slightly longer than the TMZ version and included some audio, was shown to the AP on condition of anonymity because the official isn't authorized to release it.
Earlier Monday, the Ravens said they never saw the new video. Hours later, they sent out a one-sentence release:
"The Baltimore Ravens terminated the contract of RB Ray Rice this afternoon."
Coach John Harbaugh said he met with Ravens owner Steve Bisciotti, team president Dick Cass and general manager Ozzie Newsome after they saw the video, and they made the decision to let Rice go.
"It's something we saw for the first time today, all of us," Harbaugh said. "It changed things, of course. It made things a little bit different."
Baltimore Ravens football player Ray Rice holds hands with his wife, Janay Palmer, as they arrive at Atlantic County Criminal Courthouse in Mays Landing. (AP Photo)
The action represented a complete reversal for the team, even though an Atlantic City police summons stated that Rice caused "bodily injury to Janay Palmer, specifically by striking her with his hand, rendering her unconscious."
The Ravens had used words like "respect" and "proud" in referring to Rice following his arrest.
When the NFL announced Rice's two-game suspension for domestic violence on July 24, Newsome said: "We respect the efforts Ray has made to become the best partner and father he can be. That night was not typical of the Ray Rice we know and respect. We believe that he will not let that one night define who he is, and he is determined to make sure something like this never happens again."
In late July, Harbaugh said, "The thing I appreciate about it is how Ray has handled it afterward by acknowledging it was wrong and he'll do everything he can do to make it right. That's what you ask for when someone does a wrong thing. So, I'm proud of him for that."
Asked Monday night if Rice misled him, Harbaugh said he didn't want to get into "all that."
"I don't think of it that way. Everything I said in terms of what I believe, I stand by," he said. "I believe that still, and I'll always believe those things, and (we'll) always stand in support of them as a couple, and that's not going to change."
Rice said in a news conference this summer that his actions that night were "inexcusable." But the Ravens never took action against him until after the second video was released.
The NFL, which has been working hard to promote the game to women, also took action after the explicit video was released. Commissioner Roger Goodell announced that, based on the new video evidence, Rice has been suspended indefinitely.
"We requested from law enforcement any and all information about the incident, including the video from inside the elevator," NFL spokesman Greg Aiello said Monday morning. "That video was not made available to us and no one in our office has seen it until today."
Goodell indicated as much on Aug. 1 when during the Pro Football Hall of Fame induction weekend.
"When we're going through the process of evaluating the issue and whether there will be discipline, you look at all of the facts that you have available to us," Goodell said. "Law enforcement normally has more ... information, facts, than we have. We'll get as much as we possibly can."
Rice's lawyer, Michael Diamondstein, declined to comment when contacted by The Associated Press.
Rice, 27, stood to make $4 million this year.
"Obviously, any video that depicts an act of violence in that video is disturbing to watch. For our union, we have an unshakable position against any violence, certainly domestic violence included," NFLPA executive director DeMaurice Smith said at the Seahawks' facility in Renton, Washington. "It will be a time for us now to catch up with everything else that has occurred today."
He had been charged with felony aggravated assault in the case, but in May he was accepted into a pretrial intervention program that allowed him to avoid jail time and could lead to the charge being purged from his record.
After Goodell drew criticism not being tough enough on Rice, in a letter to all 32 NFL owners in August saying he "didn't get it right."
First-time offenders now face a six-game suspension.
Rice began his suspension Sunday, when the Ravens opened their season with a 23-16 loss to the Cincinnati Bengals. He was scheduled to return after Thursday night's game against Pittsburgh.
He leaves the Ravens as the second-leading rusher in franchise history, behind only Jamal Lewis. A three-time Pro Bowl selection, Rice is the team's career leader in total yards from scrimmage (9,214) and is the only player in Ravens history to rush for 1,000 yards in four consecutive seasons.
But those are mere numbers, and his actions in that elevator shed a new light on him.
"I'm not going to go into what he told us or anything or if it matches or if it doesn't," Ravens receiver Torrey Smith said. "That doesn't matter. What matters is what you see. It wasn't a pleasant site at all."
Rice hasn't spoken often to the media since his arrest, but on July 31 he said this is "something I have to live with the rest of my life."
He added: "I know that's not who I am as a man. ... I let so many people down because of 30 seconds of my life that I know I can't take back."

Ashok Leyland gets orders for 4K buses of Rs...Ashok Leyland gets orders for 4,000 buses valued at Rs 1500 crore
By PTI | 9 Sep, 2014, 01.43PM IST
Shares of Ashok Leyland were today trading at Rs 41.40 per scrip in the afternoon trade on BSE, up steep 6.48 per cent from its previous close.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Hinduja Group flagship firm Ashok Leyland has received orders for around 4,000 buses from State Transport Undertakings valued at Rs 1,500 crore.
A total of 22 State Transport Undertakings (STUs) across the country including Calcutta State Transport Corporation, Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation and Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation have placed large orders for the buses, Ashok Leyland said in a filing to BSE.
"JanBus has received tremendous response from STUs. It will contribute over 2,000 buses to JNNURM-II (Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission). We have also received orders from the international market for the bus and soon JanBus will be running in many countries", Ashok Leyland Managing Director, Vinod K Dasari said.
The company will offer a mix of JanBus, midi- buses and ultra low entry buses as a part of the 4,000 bus orders it has received under JNNURM-II. The supply of these buses has started and many of them are already carrying passengers, Ashok Leyland said.
The order is valued at Rs 1,500 crore, the company said. The company has always been at the forefront of providing world class products to fellow Indians..., Dasari said.
JanBus a front engine, single step entry, full flat floor bus is specifically designed for the urban transport, the company said.
Shares of Ashok Leyland were today trading at Rs 41.40 per scrip in the afternoon trade on BSE , up steep 6.48 per cent from its previous close.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

On being the square pegUpdated: September 26, 2014 17:31 IST
On being the square peg
PRINCE FREDERICK
human interest
It’s time to celebrate your weirdness. It’s Wonderful Weirdos Day
What makes Weirdos Day odd is that very few people want to own it. On August 13, many southpaws advertise their day. “Today is my day: International Left-Handers Day,” a friend posted on Facebook. Teachers across the country feel absolutely in control on September 5. Now, don’t ask me how they feel the rest of the year.
In contrast, most weirdos ignore their day. Nobody actually wakes up on September 9 and sings himself ‘hap, hap, happy weirdos day’. He doesn’t pat himself on the back for crossing a milestone. “One more year well-spent, living weird. Good job.”
One may feel impelled to wish others on the day. I do. I have a list of people I should call today. Isn’t weirdos always them? It’s never me, right?
Probably to encourage people to embrace their weirdness, it’s now called Wonderful Weirdos Day (WWD). That has not done the trick. Not many hands have gone up still. Let me first stand up and be counted. On hindsight, I have done many weird things. Which include deciding to write an article on WWD.
So, I may be a weirdo. Or, a borderline weirdo.
But being a weirdo is not a bad thing after all. Weirdos often turn out to be visionaries. That’s a desperate hope I am clinging on to.
The point is: it’s a thin line that divides being weird and being different.
Kiruba Shankar, social media entrepreneur, author, teacher and self-professed weirdo, celebrates weirdness because he believes it fosters creativity and enterprise.
“Being called a weirdo is a compliment. A weirdo can be a path breaker. He may be trying out new ideas. He may want to break out of the rut. More often than not, great ideas border on the weird,” says Kiruba.
Vijay Anand, who works with fledgling entrepreneurs who have crazy ideas, agrees. “Many of the great ideas in the world started out weird. They have come from so-called weirdos. Great ideas come to people who are a bit out of touch with reality,” he explains.
Vijay heard about WWD only recently. Kiruba has already taken ownership of the Day. He is however disappointed that weirdness should be restricted to a day. It should be a way of life.
Kiruba employs ‘weird ideas’ in his classes for MBA students. On days he discusses ‘virality in social media’, he encourages his students to come togged up in weird costumes. It sets the stage for the lessons, which include how to be different from the crowd.
Almost all his classes have three-minute breaks that feed on weirdness in some form.
“My classes are invariably long, lasting three to four hours. Given this, there is a need for a short break every hour. During each of them, students are encouraged to act out roles that bring laughter and re-energise them. One of the activities is mummification. The students are divided into groups. Each group is given a full roll of toilet paper. They have to wrap it around one of them.”
As part of his efforts to stay weird, Kiruba has done various other things. One of them is FailCamp, an annual event that celebrates failure. When he organised it for the first time, he was ridiculed.
“People saw it as a stupid idea. Friends warned me that by encouraging people to discuss their failures, I would be seen as a failure,” recalls Kiruba. “The fact is we can learn more from somebody’s failures than from his successes. Now, many of those who scorned the idea of having such an event, actually attend it.”
After Kiruba’s testimony about the benefits of being a weirdo, we expect more enthusiasm for WWD. But, sorry, we’re not giving any tips on how to celebrate it. It’s not possible. Each weirdo is a unique creation. And he has to define his own weirdness.

Sensex Down 100 Points  Midcaps Buck TrendDLF Falls 3%, Real Estate Stocks Under Pressure
BSE Sensex and Nifty struggled today amid profit-taking they hit a record high hit on Monday. Investors also remained cautious ahead of Supreme Court's hearing on coal blocks.
At 11:26 a.m., Sensex was down 86 points to 27,233 while Nifty fell 30 points to 8,144. The rupee was weaker at 60.44/45 versus its Monday's close of 60.29/30 after dollar traded at 14-month highs against a basket of major currencies early on Tuesday.
The Supreme Court will later in the day decide the fate of over 200 coal blocks allocated since 1993. The top court had earlier ruled that the method of allocating coal mining concessions was illegal and arbitrary.
Among metal stocks, JSPL reversed early losses to trade 1.7 per cent higher while Sesa Sterlite and Hindalco were trading lower.
The government had earlier asked the Supreme Court to leave 40 of the 218 coal blocks allocations the court declared illegal with companies that operate mines that are either producing or close to doing so.
Profit-taking was seen in recent outperformers like ICICI Bank and ONGC which fell over 1 per cent. Selling pressure was also seen in IT stocks, with Infosys, HCL Tech and Tech Mahindra falling over 1 per cent.
Markets in the region were steady with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan down a slight 0.1 per cent. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 09, 2014 11:38 (IST)

Ashok Leyland bags orders worth Rs 1500 cr under JNNURM-IIAshok Leyland bags orders worth Rs 1500 cr under JNNURM-II
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 9, 2014  | 15:39 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Hinduja Group flagship firm Ashok Leyland has received orders for around 4,000 buses from State Transport Undertakings valued at Rs 1,500 crore.
The company will offer a mix of JanBus, midi-buses and ultra low entry buses as a part of the 4,000 bus orders it has received under JNNURM-II. The supply of these buses has started and many of them are already carrying passengers, Ashok Leyland said.
"JanBus has received tremendous response from STUs. It will contribute over 2,000 buses to JNNURM-II (Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission). We have also received orders from the international market for the bus and soon JanBus will be running in many countries", Ashok Leyland Managing Director, Vinod K Dasari said.
A total of 22 State Transport Undertakings (STUs) across the country including Calcutta State Transport Corporation, Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation and Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation have placed large orders for the buses, Ashok Leyland said in a filing to the Bombay Sock Exchange (BSE).
The company has always been at the forefront of providing world class products to fellow Indians..., Dasari said.
JanBus a front engine, single step entry, full flat floor bus is specifically designed for the urban transport, the company said.
Shares of Ashok Leyland were on Tuesday trading at Rs 40.65 a piece at 3:05 pm on BSE, up steep 5.31 per cent from its previous close.

How to make Android easy and less confusing for newusersIf your new to smartphones and find Android confusing, there are things you can do to set up your Android phone so it's easier to use.
Written by Mihir Patkar | Posted: September 9, 2014 3:09 pm
Find Google’s Android operating system to be a little confusing? It’s a complaint by several people new to smartphones, especially older generations. But there are things you can do to set up your Android phone so it’s easier to use.
1) Get a techie to help you out
You probably know someone who is good with technology. In the initial process of setting up, get that person’s help. Some of the stuff below can be complicated, but if they’re around to lend you a helping hand, you won’t need to bother techies later for your phone troubles.
2) Set Up All Your Accounts and Use a Password Manager
The first step is to go to Android’s “Settings” and find “Accounts” in it. Proceed to add every account you have from the options available. Once these are logged in, you won’t have to remember passwords or other details for common apps like Gmail, Facebook, etc.
If you frequently have trouble remembering passwords, get a password manager like LastPass. It will save your login information for different services, and all you need to do is remember only your Lastpass password, nothing else.
3) Change the Launcher to a Newbie-Friendly One
Some companies like Xiaomi make it easy for new smartphone users by including custom launches like the MIUI Light Mode, which is designed to be used by seniors and newbies. If you don’t have that, you can still get some great launchers from the Google Play Store that make Android easy.
The best options are Necta Launcher, Wiser Launcher and Simple Senior Phone. All these apps have a few things in common: apps are enlarged, choices are streamlined and limited, and oft-used tasks (like calling favourite contacts or opening major apps) are brought up front and center. These apps also come with an SOS button so that the elderly can quickly send an alert in case of an emergency.
4) Learn the Basics
There are a few things you do often on your phone. You make and answer calls. You read and send text messages and email. You use the camera to take photos and look at them. And you check your notifications. Make sure you learn all of these from your techie friend before you let them go. The other parts of using a phone are things you will pick up as you go along. But the basics are important because of their frequency of usage, so you don’t want to be stuck somewhere and not know how to do a task on your handset.
5) Practice and Explore
Practice? For a phone? Yup, it sounds silly, but to get better at anything, you need to do it repeatedly. If your phone usage is restricted to calls and text messages, step out of your comfort zone and explore other bits about your handset, like recording your voice or downloading games from the Play Store. The more you practise using your phone, the more confident you will grow in handling it; and eventually, you’ll be typing faster than teens!

Moscow denies aircraft approached CanadianwarshipPress Trust of India | Moscow | Posted: September 9, 2014 3:07 pm
The Russian defence ministry on Tuesday said that its planes had not approached a Canadian frigate on a NATO mission in the Black Sea in an incident Ottawa denounced as “unnecessarily provocative”.
Moscow said a Sukhoi Su-24 attack aircraft and an Antonov An-26 transport plane were carrying out “planned flights over neutral waters of the Black Sea near the Russian Federation’s state border”.
“The flightpath of the planes of the Russian airforce ran through an area where the HMCS Toronto was located, without approaching the foreign military vessel,” Major General Konashenkov told Russian news agencies.
Canadian Defence Minister Rob Nicholson said on Tuesday that a Russian military plane had circled over the HMCS Toronto, a Canadian frigate in the Black Sea, where NATO and Ukraine are holding naval exercises.
The Russian aircraft “did not in any way pose a threat to the Canadian ship”, Nicholson said but added that “their actions were unnecessarily provocative and risk escalating tensions even further” in the region. The HMCS Toronto left Canada’s Atlantic coast at the end of July with 250 sailors and Sea King helicopters on board to join the NATO mission.
Russia and the West are locked in a dramatic stand off over a crisis in Ukraine where Kremlin-backed separatists are battling against pro-Western Kiev authorities. Ukraine on Monday said it had launched three-day naval exercises with US-led NATO forces in the Black Sea aimed at guaranteeing its security.

Pawan Hans  private chopper firms join rescue efforts in flood-ravaged J&K; Air India keeps aircrafts onstandbyPrint
People seen crossing over on tractors in Jammu and Kashmir.
Written by Bashaarat Masood | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 3:01 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 6:14 pm
It is a catastrophe in Srinagar – the worst ever floods in the city in more than a century. Even as three days have passed, thousands of residential houses are still submerged in flood waters and as the water has slowly started to receded from Jhelum in Srinagar, fears of it washing away the residential colonies in North Kashmir are growing.
As rescuers, mostly the civilian volunteers are reaching more and more inundated residential colonies the fears of having casualties are growing. The residential neighborhood adjacent to Army’s 15 core headquarters the houses are submerged up to two stories. At places, the houses are not visible at all.
“I still don’t know about my uncle and his family,” Jibran Ahmad, who himself managed to escape with rising waters.
“I received the last call from my cousin on Sunday afternoon. He said they have shifted to third storey and water is still rising. The phone disconnected and then there was no contact.”
On Tuesday as the Indian Express team waded through flood waters to reach submerged localities, people trapped in the houses waved from roof tops seeking help. Many shouted that they had not eaten anything from the past four days.
Though the rescue teams have managed to save a large no of people from the submerged houses, thousands are still waiting for a rescue. “Our house may collapse anytime from now,” shouted a girl near Wazirbagh. “Please get a boat and help us to get out.”
The flood waters in Jhelum in Srinagar have started to recede but for many people this is not good news. “By now, we are living with hope,” said Ali Muhmmad, whose relatives were trapped in Kurso Rajbagh. “But now, I fear, we may have to prepare to retrieve bodies.”
With no communication the roads leading to Srinagar disconnected, little help is coming from outside. But the old city areas which were not affected by floods, people have set up hundreds of community kitchens for the survivors. Playing with lives, some of these volunteers managed to reach with food to the people trapped in their houses.
Over the past two days the water in Jhelum has receded by close to two feet and slowly the water is coming off residential colonies. This has created a fear that these waters will now wreak havoc in north Kashmir where two major towns, Sopore and Baramulla are situated on Jhelum Banks.
The water level in Walur lake that acts as a reservoir have already risen by many meters and now-alert district administration has started to evacuate the people residing in low level areas.

Chandini completes her degree  ready to focus onactingChandini: I had to take time off to complete my Visual Communications degree.
Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:57 pm
Actress Chandini Tamilarasan, who was recently seen in Telugu films such as ‘Lovers’ and ‘Kiraak’, has finally completed her degree in Visual Communications. She says she can now peacefully concentrate on her career.
“I had to take time off to complete my Visual Communications degree. I’m finally done with it. I can now fully focus on my career without any distractions. My parents were very particular that I completed my degree,” Chandini told IANS.
Chandini, who was also seen in films such as ‘Naan Rajavaga Pogiren’ and ‘Kaalicharan’, currently has two Telugu projects in her kitty.

Siddharths transformation in Enakkul Oruvan startling:VasanthabalanPrint
Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:53 pm
Filmmaker Vasanthabalan is amazed by actor Siddharth’s transformation for upcoming Tamil thriller “Enakkul Oruvan”, which features him in two contrasting roles.
Siddharth and Vasanthabalan recently worked together in upcoming Tamil period-drama “Kaaviya Thalaivan”.
“Siddharth’s transformation for his roles in ‘Enakkul Oruvan’ is startling. The effort he has put in to play two extremely different roles shows his commitment to cinema. When I saw the film’s teaser, I was totally taken aback,” Vasanthabalan told IANS.
“What’s really interesting is that he appears in another completely different role in my film. I’m sure the audiences are going to enjoy watching him in diverse roles in these films,” he said.
The teaser of “Enakkul Oruvan”, a remake of Kannada blockbuster “Lucia”, was unveiled here Monday.
In the film, Siddharth will be seen as an usher and a movie star. One of the roles will be played in a dream, and the other one in reality.
“Enakkul Oruvan” is directed by newcomer Prasad Ramar, and features Deepa Sannidhi in a lead role.

PCB to appeal against Saeed AjmalssuspensionPress Trust of India | Karachi | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:50 pm
Stung by the suspension of SaeedAjmal for an illegal bowling action, the Pakistan Cricket Board on Tuesday said it would appeal against the ICC’s decision.
“The ban on Ajmal is a big blow to Pakistan cricket and we will appeal against the decision,” PCB Chairman Shaharyar Khan said in an instant reaction to the news of the ban.
PCB bigwigs and the national team manager and chief selector Moin Khan went into a emergency meeting at the Gaddafi stadium to chalk out a future strategy.
“We don’t know the exact details but Saeed has the option of also working on his action and taking fresh tests when he is ready,” Khan said.
“What we know is that the ICC has recently changed its protocol on testing bowlers with suspect actions and other bowlers have also been reported. We could appeal in two weeks time,” he noted.
Pakistan’s former captain, Rashid Latif said he was expecting a suspension on Ajmal, all of whose deliveries were found to be illegal.
“The ICC has come down hard on bowlers with even minor issues in their action and it appears things have changed from the past when leniency was shown by match officials and umpires,” he said.
Latif said Ajmal has no option but to work on modifying his action and going for a fresh test before the World Cup.
“The domestic cricket season is also starting soon so he has the platform to work on his action.”
A senior board official told PTI that the board had already made up its mind to have experts work on Ajmal’s action and hope he passes the ICC tests before the World Cup.
Ajmal, the top spinner in world cricket for the last three years, is not the first Pakistani bowler to be reported for a suspect bowling action as before him Shoaib Akhtar, Shabbir Ahmed, Shahid Afridi, Shoaib Malik have all been reported as well.
But Ajmal is the first Pakistani bowler under the new ICC protocols to be banned from bowling in  international cricket.
He was reported during the first Test against Sri Lanka at Galle last month.
Pakistan’s former chief selector and coach, Mohsin Khan said he was disappointed by the ban on Saeed Ajmal.
“He is a big asset for us and the PCB should now use all its resources to get him back into international cricket. I know no player is indispensable but if he is not available for the World Cup it will badly hit our chances of doing well there,” Mohsin said.

Lalit Arpan festival to begin on September17Print
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:48 pm
The new edition of Lalit Arpan Festival, which came into being in 2002 with the efforts of Kathak exponent Shovana Narayan and the late Ustad Shafaat Ahmed Khan, will start Sep 17.
It will be held at the Stein Auditorium of India Habitat Centre, read a statement.
Some of the performers include Shounak Abhisheki (Hindustani vocal) from Pune, Grammy award winner Pt. Vishwa Mohan Bhatt (Mohan Veena) from Jaipur and Vidushi Manju Mehta (sitar artist) from Ahmedabad.
One unique feature about the two-day fest has been that Narayan, its main presenter, has consciously chosen not to participate in her own fest.
Since last year, Lalit Arpan Samman has been constituted. This year the Samman will be given to Satish Gujral (painter), Pt Vishwa Mohan Bhatt for Mohan Veena, Krishen Khanna (artist), Vidushi Shobha Koser for Kathak, Vidushi Manjushree Chatterjee for Kathak, Niren Sengupta (artist) and Pt L.K. Pandit for Hindustani Classical Music (vocal).

SC to Centre: Reply on fate of Delhi Assembly by Oct 10 | AAP: BJP shouldn t form govtYou are here: Home > Collections
Supreme Court asks to reply on fate of Delhi Assembly by October 10
PTI Sep 9, 2014, 02.52PM IST
Tags:
Aam Aadmi Party
("What is the possible time…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today asked the Centre to apprise it by October 10 about the outcome of political process initiated by Lt Governor by writing a letter to the President on exploring the possibility of government formation in Delhi.
A five-judge Constitution Bench, headed by Justice H L Dattu , said that it is not going to keep this matter pending for a longer period of time and asked the Centre to inform it about the decision to be taken by the President of India on the LG's letter.
"What is the possible time by which his Excellency would take a decision?" the bench asked Additional Solicitor General (ASG) P S Narsimha, who was appearing for the Centre.
At the outset of the hearing, the ASG referred to the letter written by Lt Governor Najeeb Jung on September 4 to the President seeking to explore the possibility of government formation in Delhi.
In his letter to the President, the LG had sought permission to call the single largest party (BJP) to take a shot at power though it is well short of majority in the Assembly.
Senior advocate Fali S Nariman and advocate Prashant Bhushan , appearing for Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), raised the issue of horse-trading by BJP for getting the numbers to form the government in Delhi.
The bench, however, said that it will not take on record the additional affidavit filed on this issue by AAP and asked Nariman to wait till October 10.
Referring to the LG's letter to the President, the ASG said that the political process has started again to explore the possibility of government formation in the national capital and four more weeks be granted for the same.
On August 5, the apex court had given five weeks' time to the Centre to take a decision on dissolution of the Delhi Assembly "one way or another", questioning it for continuing to keep the House in suspended animation when no party was coming forward to form the government.
The bench had also asked why the MLAs be paid from taxpayers' money for sitting idle when the Assembly had been kept in suspended animation.
On the petition filed by AAP seeking dissolution of the Assembly, the bench had asked the Centre what steps it has taken to explore the possibility of government formation during the last five months.
It had, however, turned down the plea of AAP which submitted that the apex court should pass order so that elections in Delhi are held along with that of four other states later this year.
The apex court said it is for the appropriate authority to take a decision.
President's rule was imposed in Delhi on February 17 with no party coming forward to stake claim for government formation after AAP government headed by leader Arvind Kejriwal resigned.
The petition filed by AAP had sought a direction to the Lt Governor to dissolve the Assembly and hold fresh polls.
It had challenged the decision to impose President's rule in Delhi on the recommendation of the LG alleging that it was done to protect Congress leaders and former Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit from corruption charges.
The petition had said the order to impose President's rule was "illegal, arbitrary and in violation" of Article 14 of the Constitution as after the resignation of Kejriwal neither BJP nor Congress were in a position to form the government and they had already expressed their unwillingness in that regard.
It had further raised constitutional questions to keep the Assembly under suspended animation by ignoring the categorical recommendation of the majority government of the NCT of Delhi for dissolving the House.
BJP had emerged the single largest party after the Assembly polls in December last year with 32 seats including ally Akali Dal's one MLA in the 70-member House.
BJP fell four seats short of a simple majority and had refused to form the government, saying it did not have the numbers and will not resort to any "unfair means" to take the reins.
AAP with 28 MLAs had later formed the government with support of eight Congress MLAs. AAP's strength has also come down to 27 after expulsion of party MLA Vinod Kumar Binny.
BJP's number came down to 28 in the House in May after three of its legislators--Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Pervesh Verma--were elected to Lok Sabha. With the resignation of three MLAs, the strength of the Assembly also went down to 67.
FEATURED ARTICLES

$ jumps to 14-month high  kicks oil below $100 | Sensex trades in redAs the dollar broke to a six-year peak on the yen and a 14-month top against the euro, gold sagged to a three-month trough and Brent oil settled below the $100.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: A robust dollar swept to a 14-month high on Tuesday as investors tweaked bets on an early hike in US interest rates, burdening oil, gold and stocks in the energy majors.
As the dollar broke to a six-year peak on the yen and a 14-month top against the euro, gold sagged to a three-month trough and Brent oil settled below the $100 a barrel mark.
Giving the dollar bulls encouragement was research from San Francisco Fed economists that showed investors are pricing in a lower trajectory for interest rates rises than members of the Fed itself are.
The dollar index , which benchmarks the greenback against six other major currencies, was up 0.25 percent, having climbed to a 14-month high of 84.519. A break above 84.753 would take it to highs not seen since July 2010.
"(The Fed report) has reinforced the stronger dollar trend that has been in place for the last couple months," said Lee Hardman, a currency strategist at Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi in London.
"As we move forward we think we will increasingly see monetary policy diverge between the Fed and the other major central banks, and that is likely to be supportive for further gains against the euro and the yen."
European shares had opened on a more solid footing having been buffeted on Monday, particularly in London, by strong signs that the campaign for an independent Scotland was gaining momentum.
The FTSE share index inched up 0.2 percent, closely followed by Frankfurt's Dax and the CAC 40 in Paris .
Sterling , having seen its biggest fall in over 2-1/2 years on Monday, was steadier but stayed rooted at 10-month lows.
A second opinion poll released overnight again showed a marked increase in support for Scottish independence just nine days before the country votes on whether to break away from the United Kingdom.
The TNS poll found support for the 'yes camp had risen six points to 38 percent, just a pip behind the 'No' vote at 39 percent. That followed a weekend YouGov poll showing approval of independence at 51 percent against the unity camp's 49 percent, the first this year to find a majority for a 'Yes' vote.
Dollar Strength
The stronger dollar remained the day's overarching theme however. Oil and gas stocks underperformed as a result of the lower crude price while European bonds were being dragged around by the rise in US Treasury yields.
Ten-year treasuries rose to 2.490 percent overnight, up from a low of 2.3870 touched last Friday after a soft August payrolls report.
The greenback raced to a high of 106.33 yen, while the euro slumped to a low of $1.2868. Investors were already giving the common currency a wide berth after the European Central Bank surprised on Thursday with a fresh round of stimulus.
A falling yen tends to be viewed as positive for Japanese exporters and corporate profits, and helped nudge the Nikkei
share index to its highest close since January. Other markets in the region were subdued. The CSI300 index of leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings edged higher, having put in its best performance in a year last week with gains of almost 5 percent.
That came as China's central bank also hiked the fixing for the yuan against the dollar to send it to a six-month high .
"The PBOC (central bank) has been set stronger midpoints since May when China's exports and trade surpluses have been recovering, guiding the yuan up gradually," said one trader.
The gains for the dollar meant losses for commodities, with gold down at $1,255.40 an ounce after losing more than 1 percent on Monday.
Brent crude oil eased another 24 cents to $99.96 per barrel, after slumping as far as $99.36 overnight, the lowest since May 2013. US crude managed a modest bounce of 25 cents to $92.91.
The price drop has led to expectations of an OPEC output cut when Gulf Arab oil ministers gather on Thursday in Kuwait for the organisation's annual meeting.
"Oil at below a $100 a barrel is a little bit risky in the current market - $100 per barrel is really a central point for oil countries," Tetsu Emori, a commodity fund manager at Japan's Astmax said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Curator is a scrapbook for your iPadUpdated: September 10, 2014 03:09 IST
Curator is a scrapbook for your iPad
Ayyappa Nagubandi
Special Arrangement Curator is an app that lets you keep all your ideas in a visual grid.
TOPICS
technology (general)
The app lets you keep all your ideas in a visual grid
People have different ways of keeping together snippets of ideas before their project is completed. Some of them need to write down all their ideas and thoughts in a brainstorm – like format, and some need a place to just keep random thoughts that later combine to complete a project. There are people who need something more visual to help them plan, create, and develop thoughts and ideas.
Curator is an app created for such people. The app lets you keep all your ideas in a visual grid, along with pictures, text, and web links as well. This way, you can track your ideas to their original sources, and never forget what you were thinking about. It also helps you get back into your chain of thought right where you left it. The app is very simple and clean, waiting for you to clutter it up with your ideas. You can start each new project on a blank board that comes with 25 interactive rectangles. These are called “thought spots”. You can fill each of these spots with links to web pages, images, or text. You can also link your Instagram, Flickr, Facebook, Dropbox, and Google Drive accounts and have complete access to images and ideas that you have saved in other places.
You can see your work taking shape as you fill each spot. Over time, some or all of the spots will be filled with the information you have entered for you to interact with.
Each thought spot has an additional feature that will enhance your labelling and note – taking options and you can email or share images through AirDrop. Various actions can be performed – like reading various web pages, without leaving the app.
The app is quite wonderful, but it has some features lacking. For example, when you are in the app, you cannot bulk export or synchronise your work. You can’t also use it in the landscape mode.
The app is free and lets you create up to five notebooks. After that, you will have pay to get more boards. Know more about the app at their site http://curator.co

Apollo Hospitals may touch Rs 1330: Manish Hathiramani01:30 pm
Manish Hathiramani of Deen Dayal Investments told CNBC-TV18, " Apollo Hospitals Enterprises looks to be a next positive cracker as far as midcaps are concerned with a target of Rs 1,330 and a stoploss of Rs 1,150."
He further added, "The stock has a very strong support around Rs 1,120-1,130 mark and big volumes have been chasing this stock over the last two to three trading sessions. Given a very positive technical structure and good weekly and monthly chart, I expect this stock to be a very good trading bet."
At 14:59 hrs Apollo Hospitals Enterprises was quoting at Rs 1,205.65, up Rs 20.35, or 1.72 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 1,218 and an intraday low of Rs 1,185.90.
RELATED NEWS

Indusind Bank opens new branch at New DelhiSep 09, 2014, 03.01 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indusind Bank opens new branch at New Delhi
Indusind Bank Ltd has informed BSE that the Bank has opened a new branch in New Friends Colony, New Delhi. The new branch is located at 6, Community Centre, New Friends Colony, New Delhi - 110065.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indusind Bank opens new branch at New Delhi
Indusind Bank Ltd has informed BSE that the Bank has opened a new branch in New Friends Colony, New Delhi. The new branch is located at 6, Community Centre, New Friends Colony, New Delhi - 110065.
Post your opinion here
 
Indusind Bank Ltd has informed BSE that the Bank has opened a new branch in New Friends Colony, New Delhi. The new branch is located at 6, Community Centre, New Friends Colony, New Delhi - 110065. The Bank plans to further strengthen its presence and customer reach in the country’s capital with more branches in the coming quarters.In this regard, the Bank has issued a Press Release dated September 08, 2014 titled "Indusind Bank expands presence across New Delhi".Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Opto Circuits  AGM on Sept 30  2014Sep 09, 2014, 03.00 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Opto Circuits' AGM on Sept 30, 2014
Opto Circuits (India) Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Opto Circuits' AGM on Sept 30, 2014
Opto Circuits (India) Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Opto Circuits (India) Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

What to Expect From Apple s Product LaunchYoung stars Jaden and Willow Smith, the son and daughter of actor Will Smith, recently sat down with the New York...
Roger Kisby/Getty Images

PPF beat mkt over 20 years but here s why stocks are bestSep 01, 2014, 03.32 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
PPF beat mkt over 20 years but here's why stocks are best
Stocks might have been beaten by the PPF over a 20-year period starting August 1994 but it only highlights why valuations are important.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
PPF beat mkt over 20 years but here's why stocks are best
Stocks might have been beaten by the PPF over a 20-year period starting August 1994 but it only highlights why valuations are important.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
In what would have likely sent long-term investors calling up their financial advisors anxiously, a recent article claimed that, over a period of 20 years, you would have been better off investing in the popular debt product, the public provident fund (PPF), rather than in the high-risk stock market (assuming the Sensex as a representative benchmark), which promises better returns.
According to the report in the Economic Times , an investment in the Sensex in August 1994 would have yielded a “mediocre annualized return of 9.15 percent” while a similar investment in the PPF could have returned 10.46 percent annualized.
The same newspaper had done a similar piece in April 2012, where it was claimed that an investment in the Sensex for a similar 20-year holding period would have yielded less than inflation, or many fixed-income products such as bank fixed deposits.
While the primary data used for the analyses was correct, the articles suffered from various flaws, as pointed in a Moneylife piece recently .
The earlier article did not take into account the effect of taxes or dividend (the first would have eaten into the FD’s return while the second would have added to Sensex’s), the more recent piece ignored the fact that since the PPF is a regular-investment vehicle, it would have been more apt to consider an SIP into the Sensex rather than assuming a one-time lump-sum investment. (Under the SIP method, as the Moneylife article points out, the Sensex would have returned 13.16 percent, compared to 10.01 percent from the PPF.)
Then there was also the question that the article suffered from the fallacy of cherry-picking data. Other 20-year periods where stocks beat fixed-income products can easily be found if one looks up.
The return on an equity benchmark is keenly tracked by investors and the financial media and it serves as a good instrument to compare with other investment avenues with different risk-return profiles.
So when a supposedly-risky investment such as equity fails to beat the return offered by safer products (assured returns, little chances of default in cases where they have sovereign guarantee) over long holding periods, it calls into question the much-bandied-about notion of how stocks beat most other asset classes over the long run.
So while investing in an asset class on the basis of a simple notion is riddled with folly, data does show that stocks indeed are generally a better asset class than stocks over the long term. (While the long term in itself is a rather fuzzy concept, according to most experts a period of seven to 10 years should be good enough.)
And when stocks do fail to beat inflation, fixed income products or even yield a positive return over such periods, there is almost always a background to it taking place: the years preceding the start of these periods would have witnessed a superb bull run (even a bubble) that resulted in valuations get out of whack.
The greater a period of outperformance in a bull market, the longer will be the resulting under-performance for the next several years.
To get some perspective, HDFC Mutual Fund has compiled data of rolling returns for the Sensex for one-, three-, five- and 10-year periods going back to 1979 and has added valuations (using one-year forward PE) wherever available. (Rolling returns put out returns for each of those periods for each year, providing for a greater sample of data as well as cover roughly any investment done in any of those years.)
According to the document available on its website, the Sensex showed negative returns for three five-year periods from out of 30 different time periods available: starting from March 1992, March 1994 and March 1998. Out of 25 possible instances, it was only once that the Sensex gave negative returns (March 1992) for a period of 10 years. In 1992, the Sensex was at 4285 while 10 years later, it stood at 3,469.
But March 1992 should ring a bell for many investors – as we mentioned earlier, a great bear market almost always accounts for excesses of the bull market that precedes it – and between March 1988 and 1992, the Sensex went up from 398 to 4285, absolute returns of 976 percent (42 percent compounded), driven largely by the infamous Harshad Mehta scam.
Similar periods of little returns -- the five years between 2008 and 2013 where the Sensex failed to go above 21,000, for instance -- bear out the trend. Between 2003 and 2008, the Sensex went up from 3,049 to 21,000.
Valuations during the 1992 bubble reached a peak of 45 times trailing earnings. They stood at 28 times during the 2004-2007 real estate/infrastructure bubble. The mean average price-to-earnings for the Sensex stands at roughly 15 times.
The catch: either invest when PE ratios are low, or invest via SIPs where your investments over the long term will average out your cost of buying closer to the mean PE.
“It is very clear whenever you have invested in India below 15 price to earning multiples, over the next three and five years the returns have been extremely good,” ace fund manager and CIO of HDFC Mutual Fund told CNBC-TV18 in an interview recently.
The document on the HDFC MF website proves this: there were six instances when the PE for the Sensex was trading below 15 times forward earnings. The returns for each of the following five-year periods stood at a minimum 12 percent and maximum 39 percent annualized.
RELATED NEWS

New highways to economic growthUpdated: September 8, 2014 00:54 IST
New highways to economic growth
Tridivesh Singh
economy, business and finance
While economic diplomacy in India has been going on for two decades, Narendra Modi’s test is to ensure that the number of States that reach out to the outside world increases, and that sub-regional linkages within South Asia get strengthened through political will
Prime Minister Narendra Modi made two crucial points in the context of India’s foreign policy on August 15, during his Independence day address, and August 16, during the inauguration of two important infrastructural projects in Maharashtra.
On Independence Day, Mr. Modi spoke about the need for the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) countries to fight poverty together, rather than being engaged in meaningless conflict. The next day, speaking after the function to lay the foundation stone of the Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust special economic zone at Nhava Sheva, he highlighted the need for State governments to become more active in exports and Foreign Direct Investment (FDI). “We at the Centre have to team up with the State governments for export promotion and the States should also work hard individually to help drive exports.” The Prime Minister also made the point that States should have their own export promotion councils and be more proactive in attracting foreign investment.
Early initiatives
Mr. Modi’s statement on August 16 does not come as a surprise as when Chief Minister of Gujarat, he took the lead in reaching out to the outside world, especially to countries in Asia, like China, Japan and Singapore. During his Chief Ministership, not only did he visit these countries, but also began the “Vibrant Gujarat Summit,” an annual event to showcase Gujarat’s achievements. Diplomats from a large number of countries attended this event, which began in 2003. During the election campaign in 2014, as well, he made some interesting suggestions with regard to foreign policy. He spoke about the possibility of having representatives of State governments in other countries for promotion of trade and commercial relations, a practice followed by many countries, including the United States. A number of U.S. states have trade offices located in different parts of the world. Seventeen states have trade offices in China. In addition to this, sister city programmes have been used effectively by the U.S. ever since the programme was introduced in the 1950s.
“For closer trade relations and increased connectivity, border States sharing contiguous borders with neighbouring countries need to become important stakeholders, not just those which are politically significant or are well-represented in Parliament.”
Over the past two decades, China, a country Mr. Modi looks up to, has also granted a reasonable amount of autonomy to provincial governments, with provinces having two organisations handling foreign relations. Chen Zhimin et al in an article titled “The Provinces and China’s Multi-Layered Diplomacy: The cases of GMS and Africa” (2010) written for the Hague Journal of Diplomacy have explained the functions of both these organisations. While the Foreign Affairs Office (FAO) headed by the governor promotes people-to-people relations with other countries and handles issues such as visits by overseas delegations, economic ties with the outside world are handled through the Foreign Economic and Trade Commission (FETC). The trend of Chinese provinces being proactive in economic diplomacy began after the economic reforms of the 1970s; the period of the 1980s and the 1990s were witness to visits by Chinese governors to other countries including the U.S., and frequent exchanges at the provincial level.
Potential roadblocks
State governments reaching out to the outside world began in the 1990s, post-liberalisation of the economy, when Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, N. Chandrababu Naidu reached out to the U.S., and was able to attract investments from IT giants like Microsoft which began investing in Hyderabad. The Karnataka Chief Minister, S.M. Krishna, also made an effort to woo foreign investors. The efforts by Mr. Naidu and Mr. Krishna helped in promoting Hyderabad and Bangalore as investment destinations. While Hyderabad was on the itinerary of U.S. Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, Bangalore was on the schedule of former Chinese Premier Li Peng, in 2001.
While Mr. Modi’s ideas with regard to State involvement in external relations are interesting, he is likely to face a number of roadblocks.
First, while the Modi government may encourage interactions with countries like Europe and Southeast Asia, it remains to be seen how Mr. Modi will view the participation of border States like those on the west (Punjab, Rajasthan and Gujarat) vis-à-vis Pakistan, and those bordering Myanmar in the northeast. There is a strong possibility that in the case of countries like Bangladesh and Pakistan, security issues will overshadow matters pertaining to trade and people-to-people contact. This would be unfortunate, because over the past few years, some border States have been willing to play a constructive role in enhancing land connectivity and strengthening economic connectivity. In this context, Tripura (bordering Bangladesh) and Punjab (Pakistan) clearly stand out. For closer trade relations and increased connectivity, border States sharing contiguous borders with neighbouring countries need to become important stakeholders, not just those which are politically significant or are well-represented in Parliament.
Ensuring balanced development
Second, Mr. Modi’s real success would be to ensure that States that are not industrialised develop links with the outside world and benefit from these linkages economically. Currently, it is only a handful of economically developed States like Delhi, Gujarat, Haryana, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh which have reaped the benefits of economic diplomacy with the outside world. Atri Mukherjee, in a report titled “Regional Inequality in Foreign Direct Investment Flows to India: The Problem and the Prospects” (2011), written for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), says that for the period between 2008-2009 and 2011-2012, these six States received 70 per cent FDI; Delhi and Maharashtra between themselves accounted for 50 per cent FDI.
To get over this inequality, it is important not just to develop other States which have been left behind, but also encourage their participation in reaching out to the outside world.
Sub-national models
Here, Mr. Modi would do well to take a leaf out of the book of both the U.S. and Chinese models of sub-national participation in economic diplomacy, where provinces which were not developed were given special attention. In the U.S., James C. Cobb and William Stueck in their book, Globalization and the American South (2005), make the point that the southern states took the lead in reaching out to the outside world, as a consequence of which southern states began to lure a large number of foreign businesses by the 1980s and 1990s. If one were to look at the case of China, the catalyst for greater sub-regional participation in foreign policy was the opening up of the economy promoted by Deng Xiaoping and the 1982 Constitution which granted greater authority to provinces. It is not just the coastal provinces which benefited from greater authority in economic matters but also border provinces like Yunnan, which share borders with Laos, Myanmar and Vietnam. Only last year, a pipeline connecting Myanmar (Kyaukpyu) with China which passes via Ruili in Yunnan became functional. Over the past decade, Yunnan has also emerged as an important economic hub. Kunming, the capital of the province, has been twinned with many cities including Kolkata.
Third, while Mr. Modi has spoken about national interest being paramount and there being no discrimination against States, it remains to be seen whether State governments not being administered by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) or its allies are allowed to reach out freely to the outside world. Here, Mr. Modi will have to build political consensus with Chief Ministers from other parties including the Congress.
Role for diplomats
Finally, foreign service officers should take short sabbaticals where they work closely with State governments; something along the lines of the Pearson Fellowship introduced in the U.S., where diplomats actually work in provinces and understand the legislative process in Washington would be handy in this context. An understanding of the local sentiment with regard to foreign policy issues pertaining to the neighbourhood will come in handy in ensuring that sensitive issues are dealt with in a nuanced manner where all stakeholders are on board. While the Ministry of External Affairs has set up branch secretariats in various cities, these are not active enough and have not been granted enough powers. The number of branch secretariats should be increased and their roles increased. Issues like the visits of foreign delegations to States can be handled by these branch secretariats in tandem with State governments.
While economic diplomacy in India has been going on for two decades, Mr. Modi’s test is to ensure that the number of States which reach out to the outside world increases, and that sub-regional linkages within South Asia get strengthened through political will.
(Tridivesh Singh is a Senior Research Associate with The Jindal School of International Affairs, Sonepat. He was a Public Policy Scholar at The Hindu Centre for Politics and Public Policy from November 2013 to March 2014.)

Diesel deregulation a theoretical question now: DK Sarraf07:00 am
With diesel losses touching an all-time low of just 8 paise per litre, due to staggered deregulation which began in September 2012, analysts have called for giving oil marketers a free hand to decide diesel prices, since this would be credit-positive for oil marketing companies (OMCs).
DK Sarraf, CMD, ONGC feels deregulation of diesel is a theoretical question now, given that diesel under recovery stands at 8 paise a litre only. Some reforms are anticipated on the LPG front too. He further expects significant increase in production led by reforms.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Nigel D'Souza and Ekta Batra, he says that decisions on the road show and divestment are entirely in the hands of government.
Meanwhile, a viable plan on KG-DWN-98/2 block is being developed, Sarraf says adding that they will come out with a proposal on the same in a few months.
Also read:  Will diesel price deregulation drive re-rating for OMCs?
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Under UPA, the fear was that any cut in subsidy would be used to correct fiscal deficit and upstream would still pay the same absolute subsidy. Has the NDA given any different signal?
A: The impression that we have been given and that is widely in the media reports as well that 50 percent of the total under recoveries of the downstream companies would need to be shared by the upstream companies reduced by the amount of CESS which they pay. So this is good news if finally it is approved by the government because it would significantly increase the crude oil prices which we get. In fact, this would mean that we would be able to retain more cash, which we can invest in some of the high value projects that we have recently envisioned.
Q: Has time come for complete decontrol of diesel and start of reforms on LPG?
A: Deregulation of diesel is a theoretical question as of now because the under recoveries have come to the level of only 8 paise per litre. And the time has come for reforms in LPG and I think we would see something in future on LPG.
Q: If the government gives you commitment of USD 60-65 realization, how much production can you increase?
A: I would not be able to tell right away any particular number but I think the production would increase significantly.
Q: Any word on gas pricing yet and since you have your divestment plans also in place, will the uncertainty around gas pricing delay the FPO process, since road shows have to start soon and international investors will also wait for clarity on gas pricing before they look at putting money in the FPO?
A: Whether to divest and when to divest is the decision of the government of India. The PSUs concerned have very little role in that decision making. But at the same time as you are asking what is the role of gas price or crude price into the divestment, I would say that has also become a theoretical question because the potential investors by now they know that gas price is going to increase. The question is only when and how much. Similarly, crude prices are also going to increase because of lesser subsidiary burden that the downstream companies have. So the potential investors with this knowledge they can perhaps bid appropriate price which ONGC deserves. So these two things have only become theoretical questions because of the significant developments which have taken place during last few months.
Q: With elections in few states also on the horizon do you think gas pricing will come in time? Will you go ahead with the road show despite gas pricing clarity not yet done?
A: This is the decision of the government of India when to start the road shows or when to do the divestment.
Q: What is the update on 98/2 block, by when do you expect the field development plan (FDP) approvals to come in and by when is commissioning expected from this?
A: Our teams are already working on preparing a very viable development plan for 98/2 and we expect that we would come out with a proposal for that in next couple of months.
RELATED NEWS

India does not rule out Modi-Sharif meeting in New York: Sushma Swaraj45
0
New Delhi: India on Monday did not rule out a meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Pakistani premier Nawaz Sharif on the sidelines of UN General Assembly session later this month, with External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj saying the government will respond according to the situation that develops.
Talking to media persons here on 100 days' work of her ministry, Sushma Swaraj said the government will not go to the UNGA session with a predetermined mindset concerning talks with Pakistan.
The minister said there were no full stops in diplomacy. "We well respond as the situation develops. We are not going with a predetermined mindset," she said in response to a query.
Talking to media persons here on 100 days' work of her ministry, Sushma Swaraj said the government will not go to the UNGA session with a predetermined mindset concerning talks with Pakistan.
#sushma swaraj #nawaz sharif #narendra modi #new york
India called off the Foreign Secretary-level talks with Pakistan last month after Islamabad's high commissioner here Abdul Basit met separatist leaders from Jammu and Kashmir. The talks were scheduled to be the precursor to the bilateral meeting between Modi and Sharif in New York.
Responding to a question concerning cancellation of talks, Sushma Swaraj said there was no flaw in India's policy concerning Pakistan.
She said the Pakistan envoy had himself called Hurriyat conference members for the meeting.
"What did he achieve by it," she said, asking if it was wrong to expect that the envoy does not interfere in India's internal affairs.
Answering a query about ceasefire violations on the Line of Control, Sushma Swaraj said that the director generals, military operations on the two sides will talk when needed.
Answering another query, the minister said that the government will speak only with an elected government in Pakistan.
Sushma Swaraj also said that Pakistan's response to Modi's offer of help for flood-victims in Pakistan-administered Kashmir was good.
Modi, who visited flood-affected regions of Jammu and Kashmir Sunday, had written to Sharif offering assistance in relief efforts. Pakistan also expressed its sadness over loss of life in Kashmir and offered help.
5

India Signs FTA in Services  Investments With ASEAN: ReportNew Delhi: India has signed a free trade agreement (FTA) in services and investments with the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN), paving the way for freer movement of professionals and further opening opportunities for investments.
The country implemented FTA in goods with 10-member ASEAN in 2011.
"India has formally signed the Trade in Services and Trade in Investments Agreement with ASEAN. The services agreement will open up opportunities of movement of both manpower and investments from either side between India and ASEAN," an official said.
Nine out of 10 ASEAN countries have signed the pact, it said, adding that the Philippines is completing its domestic procedure and is expected to sign soon.
Signing of the two pacts - FTA in services and investments - was scheduled during the India-ASEAN Economic Ministers meeting in Myanmar last month. But the meeting was postponed as Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman was not able to attend the same due to domestic compulsions.
India had proposed circulation process for signing the pact with ASEAN.
Under the circulation process, each member will separately sign the agreement and it will become effective only after the last member signs the pact.
It said the trade in services agreement contains all features of a modern and comprehensive pact and is in line with the other bilateral agreements that India has signed so far.
"Some of the important Articles contained in the agreement are ones on transparency, domestic regulations, recognition, market access, national treatment, increasing participation of developing countries, joint committee on services, review, dispute settlement and denial of benefits," the official added.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 23:26 (IST)

US Industry Pay Hikes Since Recession  at a GlanceYoung stars Jaden and Willow Smith, the son and daughter of actor Will Smith, recently sat down with the New York...
Roger Kisby/Getty Images

In the wake of Rice video  White House denounces domestic violenceBy Juliet Eilperin September 8 Follow @eilperin
White House press secretary Josh Earnest took the unusual step Monday night of issuing a statement suggesting that  new video footage  of just-dismissed Baltimore Ravens running back  Ray Rice hitting his wife underscored the need to curb domestic violence.
The Ravens cut Ray Rice hours after the TMZ posted the video and, shortly afterward, the NFL suspended him indefinitely.
Earnest had been asked about the developments in Rice's case during the daily briefing Monday afternoon, just after they took place; a White House official said Earnest did not have a chance to discuss the announcement with President Obama until this evening.
“The President is the father of two daughters.  And like any American, he believes that domestic violence is contemptible and unacceptable in a civilized society," Earnest said in a statement. "Hitting a woman is not something a real man does, and that’s true whether or not an act of violence happens in the public eye, or, far too often, behind closed doors.  Stopping domestic violence is something that’s bigger than football – and all of us have a responsibility to put a stop to it.”
Juliet Eilperin is a White House correspondent for The Washington Post, covering domestic and foreign policy as well as the culture of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. She is the author of two books—one on sharks, and another on Congress, not to be confused with each other—and has worked for the Post since 1998.

Rupee down 17 paise against US dollar  at 60.46Forex update: Rupee ends at near one-week low of 60.60 against US dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 9, 2014  | 18:31 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee retreated sharply from its overnight 6-week closing high by 31 paise to close at an almost one-week low of 60.60 against the US dollar on weakness in local equities amid fresh dollar demand from importers.
However, dollar demand was so strong that increased capital inflows amid better dollar overseas were unable to stop the rupee fall, a forex dealer said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local currency commenced weak at 60.45 a dollar from its previous close of 60.29 and tried to recover to log an intra-day high of 60.40.
But, unable to sustain, it fell back to a low of 60.66 before settling at 60.60, a net fall of 31 paise or 0.51 per cent. On Monday, it had gained 10 paise or 0.17 per cent.
The Indian benchmark S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Tuesday declined by 54.53 points or 0.20 per cent while FPIs/FIIs injected US $188.54 million on Monday, as per data released by market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
The dollar index was up by 0.03 per cent against its rivals on Tuesday, due to the diverging monetary policies and economic conditions of US, pushing up the American unit to a fresh, six-year high against yen and pulling the euro down to a 14-month low against the Greenback.
Most Asian currencies were trading weaker compared with the dollar.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said, "Rupee closed weak taking cues from strong dollar as it continues to trade positively. Local equities closed on a weak note as profit booking was seen in the market which further dented the Rupee movement. Also the dollar demand from importers and corporates forced Rupee to depreciate. The trading range for the Spot USD-INR pair is expected to be within 60.20 to 61.00."
In forwards market on Tuesday, premium closed lower on fresh receipts by exporters. The benchmark six-month premium payable in February dipped to 239.5-241.5 paise from last close of 242-244 paise. Far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 also declined to 493.5-495.5 paise from 498-500 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) fixed the reference rate for dollar at 60.4277 and for the euro at 77.9276.
The domestic unit fell back against the pound to 97.67 from 97.25 previously and also eased to 78.10 per euro from 78.08. It, however, improved further to 57.09 per 100 Japanese yen from 57.29 previously.

Secys told to ensure Cabinet notes are free of defectsCabinet Secretary Ajit Seth .
Written by Raghvendra Rao | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:50 am
Pointing out that some of the Cabinet notes being received by the Cabinet Secretariat were “procedurally deficient” and lacked the “desired standard and quality” in their content, Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth has shot off a missive to all secretaries asking them to ensure that “personal attention is given to preparation and finalisation” of Cabinet notes “so as to ensure that defect-free notes only are forwarded” to the Cabinet Secretariat and the Prime Minister’s Office.
Seth has asked the secretaries to ensure that the “defect-free notes” also have the necessary approvals in accordance with the laid down procedures.
“The approval paragraph in some cases is not self-contained, and in some cases includes a reference to preceding paragraphs, the contents of which are not meant for approval,” Seth’s sharply-worded missive states.
“Similarly, inter-ministerial consultations are sometimes not undertaken with all concerned, and in some cases, the gist of such consultation is not brought out in the main note. Especially on the points of difference, the sponsoring Ministry/Department should bring out their view with sound justification/reasoning,” the letter adds.
Underlining that “deficient notes cause considerable inconvenience to the Council of Ministers and in some cases lead to delay in decision-making,” Seth asked the secretaries to “advise” the officers’ association with preparing Cabinet notes to “closely go through the instructions and handbook on writing Cabinet notes”.
“They may also be nominated to attend one-day workshops organised by the Institute of Secretariat Training and Management on the subject,” the communication states.
Seth’s letter also states that a set of instructions have been been compiled and is available to ensure “the notes are conceptually clear, lucid and well-organised and facilitate smooth decision making during Cabinet deliberations”.
“However, it is matter of concern that some of the notes that are being received in this secretariat are not only procedurally deficient but content-wise too, lack the desired standard and quality,” the Cabinet Secretary has written.

Sensex  Nifty off record highs on profit-bookingSensex, Nifty retreat from record highs on profit-booking
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 9, 2014  | 16:45 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Retreating from record highs, the Sensex and the Nifty on Tuesday fell by about 54 points and 21 points respectively on profit-booking in recent out-performers like ICICI Bank, Infosys, L&T and ONGC, amid caution in view of the hearing of coal blocks case in the Supreme Court.
The BSE Sensex , after shuttling between 27,328.27 and 27,177.09, ended with a loss of 54.53 points, or 0.20 per cent, to end at 27,265.32. Yesterday, the 30-share bluechip benchmark had ended at its all-time closing high of 27,319.85 after hitting intra-day high of 27,354.99.
On similar lines, the NSE Nifty lost 20.95 points, or 0.26 per cent, to close at 8,152.95 after moving between 8,126.50 and 8,174.55. Its previous all-time closing high of 8,173.90 was hit yesterday after touching intra-day record high of 8,180.20.
Marked losses in recent gainers like L&T , BHEL, and Axis Bank also weighed on the market sentiment.
Selling was seen mostly across-the-board but shares like Cipla, Coal India, GAIL, Tata Motors , ITC, Mahindra and Mahindra, Tata Power, Tata Steel, SBI and Bharti Airtel logged gains, thereby cushioning the fall to some extent.
Out of the 30-share Sensex, 16 stocks closed with losses while 14 others finished higher.
"Midcaps and small caps continued to attract buying.
Recovery in global markets and easing crude oil prices further boosted market sentiment, but limited upsides due to profit booking and indecision at higher levels," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
The mood seems to be cautious as participants were seen keeping positions restricted in view of the hearing of coal blocks allocation case in the Supreme Court, brokers said.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 1,162.98 crore yesterday, as per provisional data from the stock exchanges.
Sectorally, the BSE Realty sector index suffered the most by losing 1.11 per cent, followed by IT index 0.82 per cent, Oil & gas index 0.49 per cent, Capital Goods index 0.43 per cent and Banking index 0.21 per cent.
Bucking the trend, Consumer Durables index rose 1.75 per cent, FMCG index 0.86 per cent and Power index 0.59 per cent.
Globally, trend in other Asian markets remained mixed and the European markets were weak in opening trade.

Wall Street stocks eye lower startWall Street eyes lower start
By: Kim Hjelmgaard September 9, 2014 2:05 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
U.S. stock futures were trading lower on Tuesday morning.
The Dow, Nasdaq and S&P 500 indexes all declined around 0.2%.
Asian stock markets were muted Tuesday amid holidays in Hong Kong and South Korea.
Japan’s Nikkei 225 gained 0.4% to 15,765.36.
In notable corporate news today, Apple is expected to unveil its latest devices.
Stocks ended mixed Monday .

Uniworth Textiles to hold AGMThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Govt gets SFIO probe report on Saradha scam; prosecution soonBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

QIP funds to be used for capex not paring debt: J KumarAs of now the debt for J Kumar is close to around Rs 500 crore but we are not going to utilise QIP funds for the repayment of the debt.
Nalin Gupta
ED
J Kumar Infra
From the sidelines of the Anand Rathi Emerging India Conference, Nalin Gupta, executive director of civil engineering and infra development company  J Kumar Infra said the Rs 137 crore funds raised from QIP would  be mainly used for capital expenditure and working capital requirements and would not be used for paring debt.
The debt for the company currently stands at around Rs 500 crore.
According to him, Rs 70 crore capex would be sufficient for the next two-three years.
With the infrastructure sector slated to get a boost from the new government, Gupta is upbeat for the company’s future prospects. The company has bid for development of Mumbai Metro. The pre-qualification have been submitted and the procedures are in advance stages now, said Gupta. The project could be around Rs 20,000-25,000 crore.
The company had also bagged reasonable amount of the Rs 3000 crore tenders floated by Bombay Muncipal Corporation (BMC) last December.  Moreover, they also aim to bag substantial orders from the Rs 2000 crore tenders floated in September now, he added.
J Kumar Infra stock rallied 84 percent this year.
Below is the transcript of Nalin Gupta's interview with Sumaira Abidi and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Sumaira: The Rs 137 crore qualified institutional placement (QIP) that you had recently, have you already earmarked what these funds would be utilised for?
A: We have earmarked 60 percent of the funds for the utilisation of capex and the balance money would be utilised for working capital, close to Rs 70 crore for capex, Rs 60 crore for working capital and the balance would be for general corporate expenses that we have marked for.
Reema: You do not plan to use any of your funds for debt reduction and also if you could tell us what the debt on the books currently stands at?
A: As of now the debt for J Kumar is close to around Rs 500 crore but we are not going to utilise these funds for the repayment of the debt. This is basically to be utilsied in the terms of expenses for capex that we have and for the next two-three years and for the working capital requirements and no fund would be utilised for the repayment of debt.
Sumaira: Out of Rs 137 crore you are using about Rs 70 crore for capex. Will that suffice or would you need some more additional funding for that?
A: I would like to mention that the core sector of operation for J Kumar has been transportation sector wherein we have been very active in construction of flyovers, river bridges, elevated metros, underground metro, concrete road, asphalt roads and this business which is the prime sector of operation for J Kumar. We do not intent to change the operation from current sector of operation.
Therefore, having a sufficient amount of capex available to execute these jobs, we do not intent to go in for some major shift in the capex. So, Rs 70 crore odd money that we have earmarked for this would be sufficient enough for us to take care of the capex requirement for the next two-three years.
Reema: Currently what the order book stands at and are you chasing any big deals or order wins?
A: J Kumar is standing at an order book of Rs 3,200 crore which is excluding the L1s. With respect to the opportunities, infrastructure will have a real good scenario in the coming.  J Kumar is targeting for Mumbai metro wherein we have already submitted the prequalification and the procedure is in advance stages. Mumbai metro is close to around Rs 20,000-25,000 crore job which is from Colaba to Seepz. We have been executing the job of Delhi metro, so we stand a very good chance of bagging this order as J Kumar has already invested in four tunnel boring equipments and we have been doing all the work related to underground metro at Delhi. We have more than 1,500 crore jobs already under execution for Delhi metro. So that is going to be a real good chance to bag the Mumbai metro and we are very hopeful about it.
However, other than that the local municipal corporations like the Bombay Municipal Corporation, in last December had floated tenders close to Rs 3,000 crore where we had a reasonable good share of work that J Kumar bagged. On September 16 there are tenders which will be floated by Bombay Municipal Corporation costing around Rs 2,000 crore, where the company is about to bid and various corporations in Maharashtra, Gujarat, Delhi.
J Kumar has been operating in road work, flyover work, and metro jobs. So, there is lot of opportunity into the segment and we are very much hopeful about this area.
Sumaira: Your presence in centered around Maharashtra, Delhi and some bits of Gujarat and Rajasthan but if you are so optimistic on the turnaround in infra space, wouldn’t you want to also be betting on many of the smaller cities in tier two and tier three?
A: We always believe in operating in a geographically concentrated manner unless there is a need to expand. J Kumar is already covering up the North West belt part of the country wherein we are operating in Maharashtra, Gujarat, Rajasthan and Delhi.
The business opportunities coming up from these four states are so huge that there is no reason that J Kumar to change their business operations to any other geographical areas. This area would be having so much of food on the platter that there is no need for the people shifting their operations into any other geographical areas for most of the infra companies.
J Kumar Infra stock price
On November 13, 2014, J Kumar Infraprojects closed at Rs 378.95, down Rs 0.8, or 0.21 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 401.40 and the 52-week low was Rs 155.85.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 29.22 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 12.97. The latest book value of the company is Rs 179.89 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.11.
RELATED NEWS

Top buzzing stocks to trade on September 9Sep 09, 2014, 01.11 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Top buzzing stocks to trade on September 9
Here are few top buzzing stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have Ashok Leyland, Ceat, MM Forging, JSPL and Hindalco.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Top buzzing stocks to trade on September 9
Here are few top buzzing stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have Ashok Leyland, Ceat, MM Forging, JSPL and Hindalco.
Post your opinion here

Sensex  Nifty see profit booking but midcap  smallcap gainSep 09, 2014, 03.40 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex ends in red, Nifty holds 8150; IT, realty fall most
IT and realty stocks led the fall with major laggards as Tech Mahindra, HCL Tech and DLF on the Nifty. Cipla, Coal India, ITC, IndusInd Bank and Tata Motors were top gainers.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex ends in red, Nifty holds 8150; IT, realty fall most
IT and realty stocks led the fall with major laggards as Tech Mahindra, HCL Tech and DLF on the Nifty. Cipla, Coal India, ITC, IndusInd Bank and Tata Motors were top gainers.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 Market closing
The market has ended in red after hitting record high yesterday. The Nifty managed to hold on to 8150 and ended at 8151.80, down 22.10 points. The Sensex was down 52.96 points at 27266.89.
IT and realty stocks led the fall with major laggards as Tech Mahindra, HCL Tech and DLF on the Nifty. Cipla, Coal India, ITC, IndusInd Bank and Tata Motors were top gainers.
03:00pm Interview
Nalin Gupta, executive director of civil engineering and infra development company J Kumar Infra said the Rs 137 crore funds raised from QIP would  be mainly used for capital expenditure and working capital requirements and would not be used for paring debt.
The debt for the company currently stands at around Rs 500 crore.
According to him, Rs 70 crore capex would be sufficient for the next two-three years.
With the infrastructure sector slated to get a boost from the new government, Gupta is upbeat for the company’s future prospects. The company has bid for development of Mumbai Metro. The pre-qualification have been submitted and the procedures are in advance stages now, said Gupta. The project could be around Rs 20,000-25,000 crore.
The company had also bagged reasonable amount of the Rs 3000 crore tenders floated by Bombay Muncipal Corporation (BMC) last December.  Moreover, they also aim to bag substantial orders from the Rs 2000 crore tenders floated in September now, he added.
J Kumar Infra stock rallied 84 percent this year.
02:45pm Dollar at 14-month high
A robust dollar swept to a 14-month high as investors tweaked bets on an early hike in US interest rates, burdening oil, gold and stocks in the energy majors.
As the dollar broke to a six-year peak on the yen and a 14-month top against the euro, gold sagged to a three-month trough and Brent oil settled below the $100 a barrel mark.
Giving the dollar bulls encouragement was research from San Francisco Fed economists that showed investors are pricing in a lower trajectory for interest rates rises than members of the Fed itself are.
The dollar index, which benchmarks the greenback against six other major currencies, was up 0.25 percent, having climbed to a 14-month high of 84.519. A break above 84.753 would take it to highs not seen since July 2010, reports Reuters.
02:30pm Brigade Enterprises on buyers' radar
Shares of Brigade Enterprises climbed 3 percent after Crisil Research assigned fundamental grade 4/5 to the stock. The grade indicates that the company’s fundamentals are superior relative to other listed equity securities in India.
According to the report, the fair value of the stock is Rs 210 per share and at the current market price of Rs 131 per share, valuation grade is indicating that the market price has strong upside from the current levels.
Crisil Research said the assigned fundamental grade reflects Brigade’s strong brand equity due to high quality construction, a track record of timely delivery of projects and the resultant established position in the Bengaluru real estate market, which is poised for robust growth.
02:15pm Market Expert
With investment sentiment turning positive in India, Quant Capital Institutional Equities maintains an 'overweight' rating on EM equities.
Furthermore, he sees incremental inflows in Indian equities if FII cap for debt breaches, as debt market stands only Rs 3,000 crore short of breaching the FII limit. Currently, debt inflows stand at USD 18.3 billion year-to-date.
However, Quant Capital’s equity strategist Rishav Dev sees consistent inflows from ETFs.
Amongst the emerging markets, the Brazilian market has set in motion with significant inflows in the past 2-3 weeks. On the other hand, China witnessed the biggest outflow this week, he says in an interview with CNBC-TV18.
02:00pm Equity benchmarks fell about half a percent in afternoon trade but the broader markets outperformed with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices rising 0.44 percent and 0.2 percent, respectively.
The Sensex declined 110.98 points to 27208.87 and the Nifty slipped 37.30 points to 8136.60 weighed down by capital goods, oil & gas, technology and select banks stocks.
Top private sector lender ICICI Bank, two-wheeler maker Bajaj Auto and state-run oil and gas producer ONGC topped the selling list, falling 1.6 percent each followed by Infosys and Wipro with over a percent loss.
Shares of L&T, Reliance Industries, Sun Pharma, HDFC, Sesa Sterlite, Axis Bank and Hero Motocorp declined 0.3-0.8 percent. However, Tata Motors, ITC, Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Coal India, M&M, Dr Reddy's Labs, Tata Steel and Tata Power outperformed, up 0.4-1.5 percent.
In the midcap space, Schneider Electric rallied 20 percent followed by Info Edge, Punj Lloyd, Sadbhav Engineering and Va Tech Wabag with 7-9 percent while Sobha Developer, HT Media, Trinity Trade, Torrent Power and Hathway Cable lost 3-4 percent.
13:01

Reliance Life launches endowment plan with fixed returnsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tackling white stem borer on mission mode: Jawaid AkhtarTackling white stem borer on mission mode: Jawaid Akhtar
Mahesh Kulkarni | Coonoor (Tamil Nadu) Sep 09, 2014 02:44 PM IST
Coffee plantations have been facing White Stem Borer (WSB) pest over the years. But the damage to crop during the last two years has been severe. Coffee Board Chairman Jawaid Akhtar explains measures taken to tackle the menace to Mahesh Kulkarni. Edited excerpts:
Impact on plantations of White Stem Borer pest devastating Arabica crop for second consecutive year?
The white stem borer has left significant impact on areas growing 70-80% of Arabica beans. We conducted a survey a couple of months ago, which revealed that 50% of the area growing Arabicas in Karnataka has seen high incidence of the menace.
Around 3.5-million plants were uprooted during the first flight period. Our original plan was to remove 10 million plants. Due to rains, however, the situation improved. As the second flight period has started, we will assess the situation and decide on removing an additional six million plants.
What measures have you taken to eliminate the pest?
We have taken many steps to tackle the menace on mission mode and are disseminating the information to all the affected growers. We are training planters and their workers to manage their plants and demonstrating in sample plots for popularising the integrated pest management (IPM).
We want to work with everybody who can help us in protecting the plants. We have also started a collaborative research programme with Indian Council of Agriculture Research (ICAR) in 2012. We are going into the third year of the programme as it is giving positive leads. We expect more leads in the days to come.
We also experimented with private research laboratory and found that cement pheromones are of help. Hence, we are developing new formulations to be put in the traps that are used.
Has the Central Coffee Research Institute (CCRI) found remedy for the pest, which has been festering over the years?
The Department of Bio-technology-sponsored collaborative research project for the development of WSB resistant Arabica varieties in phase-I (2012-14) has done well and the reports are positive. We are in the process of getting validated them before proceeding further.
The genes which help in the resistance of the pest has been located and there are possibilities to use it through biotechnology. This research was done in our research institute (CCRI) and will be put forth for third-party inspection for action.
An action plan, submitted to the government recently, has been approved and it is under implementation. We are also in the process of preparing report cards of all plantations like soil health cards.
What has been the focus of research?
We are developing high yielding varieties of Arabica with tolerance to pests and diseases. We are also developing drought tolerant high yielding Robustas.
Improvement of productivity through efficient crop management practices, integrated pest and disease management to minimise crop losses, mechanization to improve efficiency of farm operations and quality improvement along with pollution abatement are other areas of our research.
Crop prospects for 2014-15 after White Stem Borer invasion?
I will not repeat the forecast made a couple of months ago (Board projected 344,500 tonnes) on production for the crop year. Broadly, prospects are looking good in this year. About 50% of area in Karnataka recorded high incidence (over 25 plants per acre) of White Stem Borer. We will come out with post-monsoon estimates in October, closer to the commencement of harvest season.
When will the Board implement the development schemes of the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17), as we are already in the mid Plan period?
The 12th Plan proposals are before the Union Cabinet for approval, which will take two months. However, we have been given green signal to implement the development schemes not requiring cabinet approval. Only in some cases, where budgetary allocations are to be enhanced, the planters may have to wait for couple of months.
Will there be additional funds to tackle White Stem Borer?
There are enough funds available to tackle the pest and there is no need for more funds at this stage.

Leapfrog to invest Rs 600 crore in Indian co...Leapfrog raises Rs 2,400 crore, to invest Rs 600 crore in Indian companies
PTI Sep 9, 2014, 02.40PM IST
Tags:
Indian companies
(The fund has already announced…)
MUMBAI: Global private equity fund Leapfrog Investments today said it will invest Rs 600 crore in financial services companies in the country.
The company will raise $400 million or Rs 2,400 crore fund raised for investments in Asia and Africa, and a portion of this (Rs 600 crore) would be for India, which is identified as a 'priority' market.
"Global investors are recognising India's active steps to welcome foreign investment, its entrepreneurial business community, and the extraordinary rise of so many people towards the middle class," its co-founder Jim Roth said.
The fund has already announced its maiden investment in the Chennai-based non banking financial company IFMR Capital, but did not disclose the amount invested.
Earlier investee companies for Leapfrog included Mahindra Insurance Brokers and Shriram Credit Capital.
The new fund will invest up to Rs 300 crore in a single company and will look at established businesses that deliver insurance, savings, pensions, investments, credit, remittances or payments, it said in a statement.
Investors in the newly raised $400 million fund include six of the world's leading insurers, three of the world's leading re-insurers, as well as major development financiers, pension funds and asset managers, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dubai s new airport will be biggest in the w...You are here: Home > Collections
Dubai's Al Maktoum International Airport will be biggest in the world
Business Insider Sep 9, 2014, 02.42PM IST
Tags:
Al Maktoum Airport
(Since opening in 2010, the…)
Dubai announced this week that the emirate's Al Maktoum International Airport is about to get a massive $32 billion expansion.
Since opening in 2010, the four year-old airport has been mainly used for cargo operations. Passenger service commenced last year.
With this announcement, the seaside emirate will have a second major international airport, in addition to the already palatial Dubai International - home to Emirates Airlines .
The Al Maktoum Airport will serve as the focal point for Dubai World Central, a purpose-built "airport city" located 23 miles outside of Dubai. The 54 square mile airport metropolis will feature everything from commercial, residential, and leisure developments to state-of-the art cargo and air passenger facilities.
Dubai Airports expects Al Maktoum to be able to handle more than 120 million passengers a year, making it the busiest airport in the world. The expansion, which is expected to take six to eight years to complete, will enable the facility to accomodate up to 100 Airbus A380 Superjumbos simultaneously.
If that's not enough, Al Maktoum International Airport can be further expanded to handle up to 200 million passengers per year. By 2020, the airport is expected to support more than 322,000 jobs and account for as much as 28% of Dubai's GDP.
According to Paul Griffiths, CEO of Dubai Airports:
Our future lies at Dubai World Central (DWC). The announcement of this $32 billion development of DWC is both timely and a strong endorsement of Dubai's aviation industry. With limited options for further growth at Dubai International, we are taking that next step to securing our future by building a brand new airport that will not only create the capacity we will need in the coming decades but also provide state of the art facilities that revolutionize the airport experience on an unprecedented scale.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Africans held in nearly 30 per cent of drug busts in GoaSep 09, 2014 at 02:45pm IST
Africans held in nearly 30 per cent of drug busts in Goa
12
0
Panaji: Nearly 30 per cent of the narcotics-related raids conducted by police agencies in the last three years (2011-13) has netted an African allegedly possessing drugs or peddling it, reveal official statistics of the Goa Police.
Out of 158 offences registered under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) act during these three years, 44 have resulted in the arrest of citizens of African countries, most of whom are here on tourist or student visas.
Official statistics accessed also reveal that out of the 44 arrested, 34 are Nigerian nationals, while others are from Ghana, South Africa, Sudan and Lesotho. Records also show arrest of one African, whose exact nationality police have not been able to ascertain yet.
Nearly 30 per cent of the narcotics-related raids conducted by Goa police has netted an African allegedly possessing drugs or peddling it. ( Alcoholic , via Shutterstock)
#drug #african #narcotics #raid
Most of the cases have been registered at police station manning the tourism-savvy coastal areas or by the elite anti-narcotics cell, which is specifically tasked with cracking down on drug trade.
Barring a few cases, in most of the drug raids the Nigerian nationals have been arrested for possession of cocaine, an expensive party drug.
"If you go into Tito's lane at night, there are Nigerians openly asking tourists if they want 'coca', which is the street name of cocaine. So many police officers are themselves under suspension because of their nexus with the local and other drug mafias. In spite of all this, how can the DGP say there is no drug mafia in Goa?" Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) legislator from Calangute Michael Lobo said.
Lobo's coastal constituency is a hotbed of "narco-tourism" and home to the most popular beaches in the state namely Baga, Calangute, Candolim and Sinquerim. The Tito's lane mentioned by Lobo, and the adjoining areas in Calangute, located 20 km from Panaji, perhaps have the highest density of tourists and popular nightclubs and are frequented by hundreds of thousands of tourists every year.
Drug war involving Nigerians gangs and local drug dealers came out into the streets in October last year, after over a hundred Nigerians, protesting the alleged murder of their fellow national by a local drug gang blocked the National Highway 17 for several hours, by dumping the corpse on the middle and barricading the area. Several members of the local drug gang were arrested following diplomatic pressure from the Nigerian embassy in New Delhi.
The Goa government is already in the process of creating an 'Isolated Detention Centre' for foreign nationals, many of them from Africa, who have overstayed in India, often on forged documents. In 2012 alone, nearly 40 Africans from Nigeria, Sudan, South Africa, and so on were arrested in the north district alone for over-staying using doctored visas.
Since 2011, 143 foreigners have been booked under The Passports Act in Goa for overstaying.
"Foreigners will be kept in the detention centre until their parent country takes them back. The illegally staying foreigners take advantage of the current laws. When they are booked, they like to stay back in the state, claiming that the case is filed against them," Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar told the state assembly during the recently-concluded monsoon session.
Under Indian laws a foreign national cannot be deported in course of a trial or until the legal cases reaches its fruition.
26

J&K floods: Have rescued over 10 000 people so far  says NDRFSelf-styled godman Baba Rampal supporters protest in Delhi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

J&K floods: People stranded in Srinagar plead for helpSelf-styled godman Baba Rampal supporters protest in Delhi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

70 years upper age for private bank CEOs  says RBISuvashree Dey Choudhury and Neha Dasgupta     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 9, 2014  | 16:32 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Reserve Bank of India said the upper age limit for managing directors, chief executive officers and other whole-time directors in private banks is 70 years, in line with the Companies Act, 2013.
However, banks are free to prescribe a lower retirement age for their chief executive officers and whole-time directors, the RBI said.
(Reuters)

Brad Pitt  wife Angelina Jolie learn self defence for By TheSeaPrint
Pitt, 50, who has six children with his 'Maleficent' star wife, is believed to have lost more than 10 pounds after participating in the intense military-style exercise classes for just three weeks and is even letting his kids join in the fun, reported the Daily Mirror. (Source: Reuters)
Press Trust of India | London | Posted: September 9, 2014 3:43 pm
Hollywood star couple Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have reportedly been practising a form of Israeli self defence called Krav Maga as a part of preparation for their upcoming movie ‘By The Sea’.
Pitt, 50, who has six children with his ‘Maleficent’ star wife, is believed to have lost more than 10 pounds after participating in the intense military-style exercise classes for just three weeks and is even letting his kids join in the fun, reported the Daily Mirror.
“The whole family are learning the moves, even the little ones are doing modified kids’ moves but Brad has been doing it for 45 minutes a day and has dramatically lost weight and beefed up his muscles for the film,” a source said.
While Pitt is new to Krav Maga, Jolie , 39, apparently started learning self defence to train for her ‘Tomb Raider’ role in 2001.
‘By The Sea’ has been written and directed by Jolie and will mark the first time the newlyweds have starred together on screen since they met on the set of ‘Mr and Mrs Smith’ in 2005.

Assault charge against Justin BieberdroppedPress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 9, 2014 3:43 pm
An assault charge against pop star Justin Bieber related to a case in Toronto last year has been dropped. A driver who picked up Bieber, 20, and his entourage from a nightclub in December 2013 said one of the passengers struck him but a prosecutor said on Monday the evidence could not prove the singer was the assailant, reported BBC.
“There were a number of people in the vehicle seated behind the driver at the time of the incident and the Crown is not in a position to establish the identity of the person who came into contact with the complainant beyond a reasonable doubt based on the available evidence,” the prosecutor said.
The singer has had multiple legal troubles over the past year but has avoided jail time. Last month he pleaded guilty in Florida to careless driving and resisting arrest in a deal that avoided a drugged-driving conviction.
He pleaded no contest to a vandalism charge in California in July for throwing eggs at a neighbour’s house.

Tollywood actress Rituparna Sengupta on FeminacoverPrint
"Apart from the whitish, georgette look on the cover, I featured as model in Femina inside pages of the festival Bengali edition where I also sported the flowing 'anarkali' gown-tpe complemented by the 'pyjama', the whole embellishment supported by 'hard bind cotton fabrics.
Kolkata | Posted: September 9, 2014 3:35 pm
Having featured on the cover of special issue of ‘Femina’, India’s oldest and premier women’s magazine, numero uno Tollwood heroine Rituparna Sengupta says the journal is something which excites every ‘femme’.
Rituparna, who believes in traditional look in dress code during Puja days, told PTI she wore a Greek-influenced longish dress, having an interesting mix of different cottons which looked elegant and beautiful on a woman.
“Apart from the whitish, georgette look on the cover, I featured as model in Femina inside pages of the festival Bengali edition where I also sported the flowing ‘anarkali’ gown-tpe complemented by the ‘pyjama’, the whole embellishment supported by ‘hard bind cotton fabrics.
“Happy to say as a representative from Bengali film industry, posing for their first festival issue was nothing but a beautiful and sensitive connection,” the ‘Muktodhara’ actor said.
Rituparna, who is the brand ambassador for a Mumbai Durga Puja, said she looked forward to traditional ‘sindoor khela’ on the Dashami morning with red-bordered saree.
“From dhakai to cotton tangail, I will entirely go by sarees on the four days. During morning and evening, while offering puspanjali on ‘Mahastami’ day. Puja is the time when a woman may follow traditional dress code and sport golden ornaments.
“Puja is not the time for anything loud, in terms of make-up, accessories or dresses for me,” the actor, having debuted in ‘Swet Pathorer Thala’ and spanning a career of over two decades, said.
Rituparna said she had two films lines up for relese this year – Parapar by Rituparna Ghosh’s disciple director of Memories In March fame Sanjay Nag and Pati Parameswar by Jayasree.

Hasleen Kaur to turn Air Force officer for nextfilmPrint
"I am from military background as my father was an Army officer. After attending so many regimental parties since childhood, you get to learn the demeanour of lady officers. I am excited to shoot the 'Zindagi Ek Pal' because I have seen such life closely. I hope audience relate to my character in the slice-of-life film," Hasleen Kaur said. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 3:32 pm
Model-actress Hasleen Kaur is excited to play an Air Force officer in her upcoming film ‘Zindagi Ek Pal’. Presented by Vipul Shah, it is Hasleen’s second film after ‘Karle Pyaar Karle’.
“I am from military background as my father was an Army officer. After attending so many regimental parties since childhood, you get to learn the demeanour of lady officers. I am excited to shoot the ‘Zindagi Ek Pal’ because I have seen such life closely. I hope audience relate to my character in the slice-of-life film,” Hasleen Kaur said.
In the film, which will be directed by newbie filmmaker Suketu Parekh, Hasleen would be seen sharing the screen space with former Miss India Pooja Chopra and ‘Mary Kom’ star Priyanka Chopra’s cousin Meera. ‘Zindagi Ek Pal’ is expected to go on floors this month.
After finishing the shoot of the film, Hasleen will start prepping her next project ‘DNA of Love’ with Adhyayan Suman. The romantic thriller is a story of modern day love.
“The film is about how love is perceived by today’s generation and how youth start questioning about love. I am
playing Adhyayan’s love interest in the film, which I bagged after undergoing a gruelling audition, We will begin shooting it in December,” she said.
Hasleen was in the Capital to launch PC Chandra’s new jewellery range ‘The Eterna Collection’.
The model says after shooting a TVC with the brand, she started liking jewellery pieces.

Serious respiratory illness hits dozen USstatesPrint
Associated Press | Chicago | Posted: September 9, 2014 3:30 pm
Hundreds of children in more than 10 US states have been sickened by a severe respiratory illness that public health officials say may be caused by an uncommon virus similar to the germ that causes the common cold.
Nearly 500 children have been treated at one hospital alone — Children’s Mercy in Kansas City, Missouri — and some required intensive care, according to authorities.
The suspected germ, enterovirus 68, is an uncommon strain of a very common family of viruses that typically hit from summertime through autumn.
The virus can cause mild coldlike symptoms including runny noses, coughing and wheezing but Mark Pallansch, director of the viral diseases division at the federal Centres for Disease Control and Prevention, said this summer’s cases are unusually severe and include serious breathing problems.
“It’s not highly unusual but we’re trying to understand what happened this year in terms of these noticeable and much larger clusters of severe respiratory disease,” Pallansch said yesterday.
The virus typically causes illness lasting about a week and most children recover with no lasting problems.
Authorities in Illinois and Colorado said their states are among those with suspected or confirmed cases. A CDC spokesman said the agency also is testing to see if the virus caused respiratory illnesses reported in children in Alabama, Georgia, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Ohio, Oklahoma and Utah.
The CDC’s Dr Anne Schuchat said at a news briefing yesterday that there are other viruses making kids sick.
“Most of the runny noses out there are not going to be turning into this,” she said.
Children with asthma and other health problems are especially at risk for the entervirus, but reported cases include children without asthma who have developed asthmalike breathing problems, Pallansch said. He said no deaths have been reported in the outbreak.
Dr Mary Anne Jackson, director of infectious diseases at Children’s Mercy, said local cases began appearing in mid-August and they appear to have peaked in her area.
Schuchat, said the strain involved also appeared in the United States last year and in specimens from other countries.
She said the CDC learned it had reappeared in this country last month when authorities in Chicago and Kansas City notified the agency about severe illnesses in children who had to be hospitalised.

Youth Congress launches 100 Days Modi FailagitationPrint
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 3:30 pm
Youth Congress, on Tuesday, launched protests against the NDA at various places in the national capital over its alleged failure in meeting the poll promises, during the first 100 days of the government. The agitation named “100 Days Modi Fail” seeks to “expose” the “gap” between the promises made by the Modi government and its actual achievements, Youth Congress President Rajiv Satav said.
The Youth Congress workers staged demonstrations outside the resident of Home Minister Rajnath Singh, Krishi Bhawan Rail Bhawan and other places. Satav said that the protests will continue for two more days. “We had earlier sought a permission to hold a protest at Jantar Mantar 20 days ago, which was denied,” Satav said.
The Youth Congress has also created a hashtag on Twitter “#100DaysModiFails” on which they seek to give a blow-by-blow account of the agitation. “We condemn the #Lathicharge on #Youth Congress peaceful agitation at #Railbhawan. Hundreds of workers injured,” the Youth Congress said on its Twitter handle.
Through the tweet “IYC exposes under-delivery of ModiSarkar. 100days-100 ceasefire violations! Modi’s solution-a part time defence min!”, the Youth Congress attacked the Modi government over its defence policy. In other tweets, they said, “Youth congress protesters arrested on their way to protest outside Rajnath’s house. Taken to parliament st police station…Outside residence of Rajnath Singh, Krishi Bhawan and Rail Bhawan.”
The protest by the Youth Congress workers come days after a war of words in the AICC between young AICC secretaries and seniors with the former “ruing” that the elders are not doing enough in attacking the BJP government and instead giving media statements blaming party leadership.
We condemn the #Lathicharge on #Youth Congress peaceful agitation at #Railbhawan. Hundreds of workers injured.

FACTBOX: Saeed AjmalSaeed AJmal made a late Test debut at the age of 32. (Source: AP)
Reuters | Dubai | Posted: September 9, 2014 3:23 pm
Pakistan off-spinner Saeed Ajmal was banned from bowling on Tuesday for an illegal action.
Here are some facts on Ajmal:
#Born: Oct 14, 1977 at Faisalabad, Punjab.
#Made his international debut on July 2, 2008 in Karachi in an ODI against arch-rivals India.
#Made his Test debut at Galle in 2009 against hosts Sri Lanka.
#Has played 35 tests for Pakistan, claiming 178 wickets at an average of just over 28.
#Has played 111 ODIs, claiming 183 wickets at an average marginally over 22.
#Has 85 wickets from 63 Twenty20 Internationals.
#Made a late test debut at the age of 32, claiming five wickets in the Galle test.
#Known for his variations and considered a premier exponent of the controversial doosra deilvery, which spins the other way.
#Claimed his best match haul of 11 for 111 in the 2011 Providence test against West Indies.
#Was reported for suspect bowling action in 2009 before being cleared.
#Reported again last month after the Galle test against Sri Lanka.
#Suspended on Tuesday after the ICC found all his delivery actions illegal.

AU to send medical support teams to fightEbolaDr. Robert Palinkas, director of the McKinley Health Center at the University of Illinois, poses in an exam room in Urbana, Ill., Thursday, Aug. 21, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Addis Ababa | Posted: September 9, 2014 3:22 pm
The African Union is to send medical support teams to the West African countries affected by Ebola for a six-month mission.
An Ebola outbreak that began in Guinea has since spread to Liberia, Sierra Leone, Nigeria and Senegal, killing more than 2,000 people. The hardest hit of those countries desperately need more health care and humanitarian workers to respond to the crisis.
The African Union is sending at least 100 people, including doctors, nurses and others to support efforts to contain the outbreak. The European Union promised 5 million euros ($6.4 million) to fund the mission following an emergency meeting of the continental bloc on Monday. It was not clear when the first teams would arrive, but they will work in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea.

Buy Siemens  advises Manish HathiramaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Siemens, advises Manish Hathiramani
Manish Hathiramani of Deen Dayal Investments recommends buying Siemens with a target of Rs 925.
Post your opinion here
01:30 pm
Manish Hathiramani of Deen Dayal Investments told CNBC-TV18, " Siemens is a buy with a target of Rs 925 and a stoploss of Rs 875. The stock was having lot of trouble crossing its resistance level of Rs 850. It has been a smooth up rally. It has even nudged its intermediate high which was of Rs 905 which was made on August 6. We see very healthy volumes in the stock."
At 15:18 hrs Siemens was quoting at Rs 909.95, up Rs 19.05, or 2.14 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 915 and an intraday low of Rs 891.
Disclosure: Analyst does not hold the stock.
RELATED NEWS

Expect 3-4% upside in TCS: Manish Hathiramani01:30 pm
Manish Hathiramani of Deen Dayal Investments told CNBC-TV18, "I would be recommending Tata Consultancy Services  (TCS) because there is still three to four percent more upside left and that trading target can be achieved even before the expiry of this month."
At 15:21 hrs Tata Consultancy Services was quoting at Rs 2,628.05, down Rs 8, or 0.30 percent. It has touched a 52-week high of Rs 2,667.
Disclosure: Analyst does not hold the stock.
RELATED NEWS

Exit JSPL  says Nooresh MeraniThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India to revise GDP measurement next year  economy may be largerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Massive rescue ops on  lakhs still stranded in J&KThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Crude Prices Close at Lowest Level in More Than a YearThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Iraqi fighters pose next to the bodies of ISIS militants killed in battleThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Crime Branch starts probe into land scam  sets SITThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Apple to launch iPhone 6 today: Here s how to watch the event onlineThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

TTK Healthcare: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 09, 2014, 03.34 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
TTK Healthcare: Updates on outcome of AGM
TTK Healthcare Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Minutes of the 56th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 22, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
TTK Healthcare: Updates on outcome of AGM
TTK Healthcare Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Minutes of the 56th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 22, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
TTK Healthcare Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Minutes of the 56th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 22, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Just drive home headstead`s point  please check slide 8 of the below l...Platinum Member
522 Followers
Shweat and all,  why people will fall head over heels for ybrant in the future in india? "is because it will not just be another ecommerce firm that does business at home but one that is targeting dollar revenues in the most sought after country / markets in the world and other geos like la. The proof for the above can be inferred from the link attached http://t. In. Com/6jvj
at some stage ybrant can leverage its indian connections in the us markets for distributing much sought after indian products and similarly bring good products from us to india and la. It can open up the floodgates for cross barter. Example: today when i want a good "glow in the dark paint" not stickers i will not get it in flipkart of myntra but i can get it in ebay india. This is what can differentiate yd from the rest of the pack. Guys i have thrown the gauntlet for discussion. Now it is all yours.

Re mailed the e mail... lolPlatinum Member
455 Followers
Indowind, my love.... any wind. how does it matter. working along expected lines on BSE too. very few available before UC. One more hour to go...
2.32 PM Sep 9th

Pavitrata is a state of mind... u won`t understand it because of all t...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Ek dum ghatiya stock hai cpclCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Intel launches new processors for data centresIntel launches new processors for data centres
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 9:  
World’s largest chipmaker Intel today launched a new line of processors for data centres, offering increased performance and lower power consumption.
The Xeon processor E5 v3 family-based platforms can power heavy workloads like data analytics, high performance computing, telecom and cloud-based services, as well as back-end processing for the Internet of Things (IoT), the company said.
“The new processors deliver unmatched performance, energy efficiency and security, as well as provide visibility into the hardware resources required to enable software defined infrastructure,” Intel South Asia Director (Enterprise Solution Sales) Srinivas Tadigadapa told reporters here.
The processors provide leadership performance for computing, storage and network workloads to enable efficient and dynamic operation, he added.
“Sectors like telecom, financial services, government, e-commerce and cloud service providers and also manufacturing can really benefit from the new processors,” he said.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Ecom Express to raise Rs 100 cr from Peepul CapitalEcom Express to raise Rs 100 cr from Peepul Capital
Rajesh Kurup
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 9:  
Ecom Express Pvt Ltd, an e-commerce logistics solutions provider, has raised over Rs 100 crore from Peepul Capital. With this new funding, the company plans to grow its distribution capabilities even faster by expanding operations and reach.
Last year, Ecom Express had raised angel round of funding led by Oliphans Capital, which specialises in early stage investments. The company plans to expand its current footprint of 190 locations to more than 800 locations in the next five years, it said in a statement.
“The infusion will go towards strengthening Ecom Express’ current reach, expanding operations, investing in technology and automation, attracting key talent and to build a healthy flow in working capital,” said Ecom Express’ co-founder and CEO T.A. Krishnan.
“With the intention to become an enabling partner and make significant contributions to the growth of the e-commerce industry, we are confident that this fund infusion will provide the impetus to achieve our company’s vision and drive our growth plans in a more focused manner,” Krishnan said.
Online retail market
The India online retail market is growing at an explosive rate and research shows that it is projected to grow from $3 billion in 2013 to $23 billion by 2018. This opens up huge demand for logistic services, offering tremendous opportunities for dedicated solutions providers like Ecom Express.
“The e-commerce industry is growing quickly and logistics is a critical component of the value chain. There is a tremendous opportunity for a dedicated logistics player who can understand and play an enabling role for the e-commerce industry,” said Srini Vudayagiri, Investment Director at Peepul Capital Advisors.
Ecom Express had begun its operations in January 2013, across 35 towns and 42 distribution centres in North India with around 250 employees on board.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

TCS  Singapore varsity announce extension of iCity lab partnershipTCS, Singapore varsity announce extension of iCity lab partnership
PTI
Tweet
Singapore, Sept 9:  
India’s software giant Tata Consultancy Services has decided to continue its partnership with a leading university here for another three years to develop a project for senior citizen care services.
The “SHINESeniors Project”, a joint venture of Singapore Management University (SMU) and TCS iCity Lab, initiated effort to make community care services more effective through innovations in care delivery.
“Through SHINESeniors, it is hoped that the cost of care delivery will be lowered significantly given the lower reliance on manpower,” said a joint statement from SMU and TCS.
The iCity Lab was established in August 2011 within the SMU School of Information Systems as a three year research collaboration on research related to healthcare services.
The works for the lab includes, among others, Sensor—enabled homes in support of ageing—in—place for senior citizens living here.
“We conceptualise and design the SHINESeniors Project to help tackle some of the issues related to the old aged people, who are increasing faster than the working population age of 20 to 64,” said Steven Miller, Dean of School of Information Systems and Vice Provost(Research) at SMU.
“We aim to design and develop a sustainable living environment for seniors here, thereby uplifting their current lifestyle,” said Vish Iyer, President of TCS Asia Pacific.
“This research will lead to the development of an end—to—end personalised care delivery platform from sense making to emergency response services,” he further added.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Cinepolis scouting for acquisitions in IndiaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Cinepolis scouting for acquisitions in India
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 9:  
Mexican multiplex chain Cinepolis is scouting for acquisitions in India as it looks to expand presence in the country with a target of having over 400 screens by the end of 2017.
The company that is eyeing presence in top 40 cities in India has already stated that it expects the country to account for 10 per cent of its global revenue in the next three years.
“We are looking at opportunities in inorganic growth. We have been looking at different opportunities over time,” Cinepolis India Managing Director Javier Sotomayor told PTI.
When asked what kind of target the company is scouting for, he said: “We would like to transact and to acquire companies at a value we would consider to be fair. Again, for us it is very important that the assets we acquire has to make sense with our over all strategy.”
The quality of the locations is very important and Cinepolis is very selective on where to have its presence, he added.
Cinepolis has over 80 screens in India. It has set a target of Rs 1,200 crore in turnover by 2017.
“Last year, we added 35 screens, we would grow by 50 screens this year, only through organic growth and at same time, we are looking for acquisitions,” he added.
Recently, rival Inox had acquired Satyam Cineplex in a Rs 182 crore deal. Last year, PVR had completed acquisition of Cinemax India for Rs 395 crore.
Cinepolis is also expecting that earnings from food and beverages would increase in coming years although it is very low here compared to countries such as Mexico where it is almost 90 per cent, he said.
“Yes, I believe that ratio would increase... We have no control whatsoever on the quality of the movie, I would love every movie to be a blockbuster, but I have zero control on that. What we have control over in is, once people are in our premises, to be able to provide great experience and to be able to sell products to them,” Sotomayor added.
He further said: “It’s a habit, people get used to it.
People are used to buying products before the movie starts. It is also a matter of process that you have to get the products available within time for the customer.”
Moreover, Cinepolis is also looking to leverage on online booking through apps and mobile devices in a bigger way.
“Right now it is 10 per cent of our total booking. We are expecting it to increase to around 40 per cent by 2017,” he added.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

JLR launches new Jaguar XEHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
JLR launches new Jaguar XE
Alka Kshirsagar
Tweet
Pune, Sept 9:  
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has unveiled the Jaguar XE, the smallest member of its family, in an event held at London’s Earls Court.
Due to go on sale in 2015, with the S model at the top of the range, the rear-drive, aluminium-intensive Jaguar XE is the first model developed from Jaguar Land Rover’s new modular vehicle architecture.
The XE S is fitted with a 3.0-litre V6 engine that generates 340PS and 450Nm of torque. The Jaguar XE has an eight-speed automatic transmission with paddle shift controls, giving the driver immediate access to the vehicle’s reserves of power.
Accelerating to 0-60mph in just 4.9 seconds, the XE S has an electronically-limited maximum speed of 155mph.
The XE is also the lightest, stiffest and most aerodynamic Jaguar saloon ever built. It is also the first Jaguar to be equipped with electric power steering.
“Jaguar’s position as the leading premium manufacturer of aluminium vehicles allowed us to develop a light, stiff body structure that is ground-breaking in its class. It enables the XE’s advanced chassis technologies to deliver an unprecedented balance of agility and levels of refinement previously found only in vehicles from the segments above,” Kevin Stride, Vehicle Line Director, Jaguar XE, said in a statement.
The XE S will be joined by other models powered by 2.0-litre, four-cylinder petrol and diesel engines matched to six-speed manual and eight-speed automatic transmissions. The diesels – part of Jaguar’s all-new Ingenium engine family – provide exemplary fuel consumption and CO2 emissions from 75mpg and 99g/km.
The Jaguar XE is manufactured at Jaguar Land Rover’s Solihull plant in an all-new purpose-built facility. Part of a £1.5-billion investment, this highly flexible, latest manufacturing site will create 1,700 UK jobs, the statement said.
The XE now completes the Jaguar saloon car range sitting below the XF and XJ models and will take on the likes of the Mercedes C-Class and Audi A3.
Full details of the entire XE range are to be announced at the Paris Motorshow in October, JLR said in a press release
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Japan stands at crossroads of further yen weaknessJapan stands at crossroads of further yen weakness
Reuters
Tweet
TOKYO, Sept 9:  
Japan is waking up to the reality that a blessing can come with a curse: the weaker yen sought by policymakers has a downside for some companies and the broader economy.
The yen dropped to a six-year low of 106.39 yen against the dollar on Tuesday, as investors factored in expectations that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates as the U.S. economic recovery continues its gradual recovery.
By contrast, the Bank of Japan is expected to keep its ultra-easy policy until it meets its target of two per cent inflation.
The weak yen is seen as a boon for Japanese exporters, whose profits have climbed as their goods became cheaper and more attractive in overseas markets. It's also good for policymakers seeking to vanquish deflation.
"There are positive and negative factors coming from the weaker yen, but I would say the achievement of the 2 per cent inflation target should be a prioritized, as deflation has been the worst issue for the Japanese economy over the past 17 years," said Junko Nishioka, chief economist at RBS Securities Japan.
"But the weaker yen will increase import costs from overseas, and will damage the earnings status of Japanese importers," she said.
The prices of imported fuel have also risen, hurting the economy and contributing to Japan logging its largest-ever trade deficit of 13.75 trillion yen ($129.30 billion) in the fiscal year that ended in March.
The stock market's reaction to Tuesday's yen drop reflected this reality check. Although the Nikkei average ended up 0.3 percent, declining issues outnumbered advancers by three to two on the Tokyo Exchange, suggesting investors think a weaker yen no longer benefits a majority of companies.
Many key economic players are already starting to take note of the possible changes.
WHEN A GOOD YEN TURNS BAD
Sadayuki Sakakibara, the chairman of Keidanren, Japan's biggest business lobby, said on Monday that he believes 105 yen per dollar is an appropriate level for the Japanese economy, but avoided calling for it to fall further.
Hiroshi Watanabe, a former top Japanese financial diplomat and now the head of state-operated lender Japan Bank for International Cooperation, was more explicit, saying last week that further weakness in the yen could be negative for the nation's industry.
The business community's recent comments reflect concern about the decline in the yen's purchasing power. That business leaders now question the benefits of a weaker currency shows Japan's economy has entered a new phase, Daisuke Karakama, chief market economist at Mizuho Bank, said in a note to clients.
More than 90 per cent of executives at 400 companies polled in a Reuters Corporate Survey at the start of this year said they wanted to see the exchange rate in a broad range of 90-110 yen to the dollar. Only 5 per cent said they wanted the yen to weaken beyond 110.
Moreover, a weak yen doesn't even benefit exporters as much as it used to in the years when external demand powered Japan.
Major companies like Toyota Motor Corp have been moving their production offshore rather than expand in Japan's shrinking market. Minutes of the BOJ's August policy meeting also showed some central bank policymakers believe exports are becoming less responsive to yen declines.
Finance Minister Taro Aso suggested at a news conference on Tuesday that a sharp decline would be unwelcome.
"A rapid rise in currencies means that a rapid fall would likely follow. Gradual moves are desirable. That's the basic thinking on currencies," said Aso, whose ministry has jurisdiction over exchange-rate policy.
"Currency levels are something markets decide and aren't something policymakers can manipulate. Having said that, it's desirable for currencies to stabilize at levels in line with Japan's economic fundamentals," said Economics Minister Akira Amari, who also emphasized that big fluctuations were not good for Japan or the global economy.
But despite their wish for stable yen, the market may have already gained momentum of its own after a major resistance at 105 yen was broken.
Kengo Suzuki, chief FX strategist at Mizuho Securities, said investors are now positioning for the U.S. Federal Reserve's policy meeting next week and the dollar could rise to around 107 yen by then.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

FMC seeks clarity on Kotak Bank deal to buy 15% stake in MCXFMC seeks clarity on Kotak Bank deal to buy 15% stake in MCX
Suresh P Iyengar
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 9:  
The Forward Markets Commission has sought more clarity from MCX on the Financial Techologies-Kotak Bank deal before it could allow the exchange launch new contracts for the next calendar year.
Earlier, FMC had cleared the deal, but it has sought more clarity to lift the ban on the exchange to launch new contracts.
Share purchase agreement
In a response to MCX letter seeking permission to launch new contracts, the market regulator had said that the share purchase agreement signed between Financial Technologies and Kotak Mahindra Bank appears to be conditional. The execution of the agreement depends on revision of technology agreement between MCX and FTIL.
The deal lacks in clarity with regard to the exact date of its execution and consequently does not inspire adequate confidence and assurance with regard to the proposed acquisition of 15 per stake in MCX, FMC said.
“Therefore the exchange should clarify as to exactly by what date the disinvestment of remaining 15 per cent shall be completed,” it said.
The regulator has also impressed upon the implementation of Oversight Committee and Pricewaterhouse Copper findings before permission is granted for launching new contract.
MCX shares were trading lower by one per cent at Rs 809.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Fortis Healthcare Group CFO resignsFortis Healthcare Group CFO resigns
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 09, 2014 02:26 PM IST
Hospital chain firm Fortis Healthcare today said its Group Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Sandeep Puri has resigned from the company.
"Sandeep Puri, Group Chief Financial Officer, Fortis Healthcare Ltd has resigned from the services of the company," the company said in a BSE filing.
"The company has accepted his resignation and Puri would support the smooth transition towards the new incumbent within the stipulated contractual notice period term," it added.

Gold extends losses for the seventh dayNew Delhi, September 6, 2014
Updated: September 6, 2014 15:33 IST
Gold extends losses for the seventh day
PTI
The Hindu Gold coins showcased at a jewellery show room in Kochi. A file photo: K.K. Mustafah.
TOPICS
gold and precious material
Extending losses for the seventh straight session on Saturday, gold shed another Rs 20 to close at Rs 27,750 per 10 grams in New Delhi on sustained selling by stockists against easing demand from jewellers and retailers, even as the metal recovered in global markets.
However, silver recovered by Rs 75 to Rs 42,075 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units.
Traders said sustained stockists selling against falling demand from jewellers and retailers mainly kept pressure on gold prices but a better trend in the global markets capped the losses.
Globally, gold rose by 0.1 per cent to close at $ 1,267.30 an ounce and silver by 0.1 per cent to $ 19.15 an ounce in New York last night.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity declined further by Rs 20 each to Rs 27,750 and Rs 27,550 per 10 grams, respectively. It had lost Rs 530 in the previous six sessions.
Sovereigns, however, found some buying from retailers and moved up by Rs 50 to Rs 24,550 per piece of eight grams.
On the other hand, silver ready recovered by Rs 75 to Rs 42,075 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 425 to Rs 42,075 per kg on speculators buying. The white metal had lost Rs 800 in last four days.
Meanwhile, silver coins maintained a steady trend at Rs 73,000 for buying and Rs 74,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Prince William  Kate Middleton expecting their second childPrint
“The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are very pleased to announce that The Duchess of Cambridge is expecting their second child,” tweet said.
Written by Apurva Singh , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 3:37 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 8:47 pm
Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton are expecting their second child. Prince William and Kate are parents to one-year-old Prince George. The announcement was made by Clarence House on Twitter on Monday morning.
“The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are very pleased to announce that The Duchess of Cambridge is expecting their second child,” it said.
Clarence House further tweeted, “The Queen and members of both families are delighted with the news that Their Royal Highnesses are expecting their second child.”
It also posted the full announcement sent out by The Duke and the Duchess of Cambridge.
Read full text:
Their Royal Highnesses The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are very pleased to announce that The Duchess of Cambridge is expecting their second child. The Queen and members of both families are delighted with the news.
As with her first pregnancy, The Duchess is suffering from Hyperemesis Gravidarum. Her Royal Highness will no longer accompany The Duke of Cambridge on their planned engagement in Oxford today. The Duchess of Cambridge is being treated by doctors at Kensington Palace.
13-month-old Prince George is their first child, who was born on July 22, 2013. His parents, Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, and Catherine Middleton got married on April 29, 2011 at Westminster Abbey in London.
UK Prime Minister, David Cameron also tweeted congratulating Prince William and Kate Middleton. “Many congratulations to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. I’m delighted by the happy news that they’re expecting another baby,” he said.

Out-of-the-box soundmusic
Members of the band Emergence say their music is about bonhomie and breaking barriers
“I was inspired when I saw Mishko playing in a concert. I asked him if he’ll help me with my jazz and he asked me to help him with his English in exchange,” says Krishna Mckenzie, lead vocalist of the band Emergence. Mishko M’ba, a French bass player, with curly greying hair and dreadlocks so long that they sweep the floor behind him, looks every bit the typical musician.
“I came for the music,” says Mishko casually when asked why he visited India in 2000. Mishko began his musical journey at the age of five. He started playing the guitar when he was 14, and bass when he was 18. When he visited India as a 38-year-old, he discovered classical music, which opened up another world for him. “To really understand Indian music, I felt that I had to be here,” explains Mishko, who moved to Pondicherry in 2003. Today, he’s a freelance, independent musician.
Krishna, however, didn’t come to India for the music. He moved here at the age of 19 in 1993 out of a certainty that his life was here. “Sometimes you just have a sense of what you should do with your life. My destiny was calling me here and my music just came with me,” says Krishna, a native Englishman, who is now settled in Auroville with a Tamil wife and children. He runs Solitude Farm, which he started in 1996, to bring awareness about local food and organic living. A fluent speaker of the local language, his English is now tinted with a Tamil accent. The duo played one gig together, and spontaneously, their band came to be in March 2006. In 2008, when they got a break to play at the Glastonbury festival and their Sri Lankan violinist at the time couldn’t go along for passport reasons, Karthik Iyer stepped in to fill his shoes. Ever since, Karthik has been writing songs and adding to compositions. “He adds the essence of Carnatic music and brings in enormous variety with his love for eclectic music,” says Krishna. Through Karthik, they met their current drummer, Soundar Rajan who’s been playing with them for a year.
Despite being a band composed of two men from Puducherry and another two from Chennai, they say they’ve played in the metropolis very few times. “Chennai is a big city for Carnatic music. But when it comes to jazz or pop or fusion, there are very few stages to play,” says Mishko. Soundar echoes his sentiments and says there is a niche audience for independent music shows in Chennai. “Since we infuse Tamil in our songs, we strike an immediate rapport whenever we play in Chennai. It’s like namba ooru dhan,” says Krishna. The band has played several shows in India, and shared many stages around the world. “In music, the next stage is always the best one,” says Mishko. As they tune their guitars and pick up their drum sticks, it does look like it’s going to be a great night everytime.

Bending to back the status quoUpdated: September 8, 2014 21:54 IST
Bending to back the status quo
T. N. Gopalan
WHEN MEDIA GOES TO WAR — Hegemonic Discourse, Public Opinion and the Limits of Dissent: Anthony Dimaggio; Aakar Books, 28 E, Pocket IV, Mayur Vihar Phase I, Delhi-110091. Rs. 795.
TOPICS
books and literature
If the elections are to determine who among the ruling classes are to misrepresent the electorate for a given period of time, the media’s job is to ensure that the process goes on smoothly, without inconveniencing anyone too very much.
Such could be a broad summary of Karl Marx’s understanding of what went on in the name of democracy in his times. Centuries later, for all the increased awareness, have things indeed changed much?
Across the entire democratic world, one can hear the sigh of the helplessness of the voters, particularly so at the time of the elections.
That the alternatives, including the one avowedly deriving from Marx himself, turned into nightmares is a different issue altogether. But clearly history teaches us the democratic machine is manipulated by various sections for their own selfish ends and the media happily plays along.
When Media Goes To War is a painstaking study by Anthony Dimaggio, well-known U.S. commentator, to demonstrate that the U.S. media is not at all objective as it preens to be and that it tends to serve the interests of the government at any given point of time. The book is replete with graphs, meticulous count of the number of times an issue is covered, and so on. But are such indeed required to prove the obvious, some might wonder. Well, the book is presumably addressed to the U.S. readers, many of whom could be nursing an illusion that their media is a disinterested purveyor of news.
U.S. scenario
And even though the study is confined to the U.S. scenario, most of the points should be widely applicable.
The media anywhere plays a vital role in constructing the world that people see, and in influencing which issues the public focuses upon. More so in the U.S., where mainstream newspapers and TV channels virtually set the agenda. Noam Chomsky, the celebrated rebel intellectual, has, time and again, sought to drive home the point that the American mass media serves as a form of “thought control in a democratic society,” with major news organisations systematically bending the truth to support the status quo.
Chomsky’s study, “Manufacturing Consent: The Political Economy of the Mass Media” (co-authored with Edward S. Herman), did kick up some dust when it was published (1988), but quickly the dust settled down, and few mainstream scholars advert to it, Dimaggio regrets and goes to extraordinary lengths to show Chomsky and Herman were indeed right with the projection of their “propaganda model.”
He deals with a number of issues, but the case of The New York Times is indeed illuminating. The liberal newspaper refused to advocate withdrawal from Iraq until well after the 2006 elections. In a July 2007 editorial, the newspaper claimed that it had put off advocating withdrawal for sometime (for two years earlier the tide of public opinion had turned against the war), preferring “to wait for a sign that President Bush was seriously trying to dig the United States out of the disaster he created by invading Iraq without sufficient cause, in the face of global opposition, and without a plan to stabilise the country afterward.”
The prestigious cable news provider CNN did not interview a single anti-war protestor or activist between June 2006 and April 2007. The closest to an anti-war voice aired was that of Lawrence Korb’s. He was a former Defence department official, and he was blaming the Bush administration more for failing to ensure National Guard troops were fully prepared before deployment and didn’t take any moral position.
Indeed rarely does the U.S. media admit the culpability of the successive administrations on any front. Mostly criticism stems from the fact that the intervention has failed to deliver the goods, whatever they might be.
The entire western media was crowing raucously when the Soviet empire was dismantled, but who is to take the responsibility for the after effects? Some leading U.S. economists have conceded their way of restructuring heaped a lot of avoidable misery on the people. But to this day no mainstream media acknowledges that they had gone about a very wrong way whether it was Iraq or Soviet Union.
But government officials seem to delude themselves that they are indeed gods deciding the destiny of the mankind. One of them is quoted as saying, “We’re an empire now, and when we act, we create our own reality. And while you’re studying that reality —judiciously, as you will — we’ll act again, creating other new realities, which you can study too, and that’s how things will sort out. We’re history’s actors … and you, all of you, will be left to just study what we do.” Waves might not have receded on Canute’s orders, but most in the media tend to withdraw in frightened silence.
Forget the media houses, even the reporters are willing to defer to such arrogance, for all their much-vaunted independence. They are more concerned with gaining access to officials than with questioning the legitimacy of their statements. Gaining access rather than holding their feet to the fire seems more important to them, complains bitterly Dimaggio. That is a phenomenon familiar to reporters around the world. Time and again they kill stories in order to retain the goodwill of those in power.
Even otherwise reporters, hailing as they do essentially from middle classes, internalise the middle class values of a patriarchal system.
So between the proprietors who have their own agenda and reporters who are all too willing to turn a blind eye to many wrong-doings in the name of the community or country, fat chance truths inconvenient to the rulers reach the public at large.
However, based on his own limited surveys, the author of the book under review claims that most Americans reject any imperial role for their country, something generally taken for granted, both within the U.S. and outside. He maintains that the people are “capable of forming views independently of elites, and this reality offers hope for democracy at a time when the control of political information is so thoroughly dominated by official sources.” Well even in the media, things do happen, unmentionables are mentioned, and the undesirable are thrown out, even if to be replaced by worse characters sometimes.
So some day, some day … Anthony Dimaggio should be hoping.
WHEN MEDIA GOES TO WAR — Hegemonic Discourse, Public Opinion and the Limits of Dissent: Anthony Dimaggio; Aakar Books, 28 E, Pocket IV, Mayur Vihar Phase I, Delhi-110091. Rs. 795.

Israelis warm to a Palestinian state -- carved out of EgyptBy Ruth Eglash September 8 Follow @reglash
Palestinians wait hoping to be given the permission to cross into Egypt at the Rafah crossing between Egypt and the southern Gaza Strip in late August as a cease-fire ended two months of bloody fighting. SAID KHATIB/AFP/Getty Images
JERUSALEM – Israel’s Army Radio caused a stir here Monday when it reported that Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sissi had proposed ceding parts of his country's territory in the Sinai Peninsula to create an autonomous, demilitarized Palestinian state. The plan, according to the radio report, was rejected last month by Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas.
The report was brief and it was attributed to anonymous sources. It was also flatly denied by all parties involved , with Egyptian state media quoting Sissi as saying “no one can do that” and Palestinian presidential spokesman Nabil Abu Rudeinah releasing a statement saying no such proposal had ever been discussed.
Nevertheless, after a summer of bloody warfare in the Gaza Strip, the concept of an expanded Palestinian state in the sand dunes of the Sinai desert as a possible solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict was immediately thrown into the spotlight -- and heartily embraced by some Israeli politicians.
“What a wonderful proposal by the Egyptian president to give the Palestinians land five times the size of Gaza to create their state,” Israel’s Transportation Minister Yisrael Katz wrote in a Facebook post.
Israel’s Minister of Science and Technology, Yaakov Peri, told Army Radio that it was certainly a “creative proposal,” and a worthwhile one for Israel to examine in more detail, despite Abbas’s purported rejection.
According to the radio report, Egypt would give up nearly 1,000 square miles of its territory adjacent to Gaza and, in return, Abbas would drop on his demands to form a Palestinian state within the 1967 lines that once divided Israel and Jordan.
The Palestinians, the report said, would continue holding onto areas in the West Bank that are currently under the control of the Palestinian Authority, but the expanded Gaza strip would form the bulk of Palestinian lands.
The idea of of expanding the coastal enclave into Egypt has been broached in the past by Israeli academics and leaders -- who, in the view of many Palestinians, very much want to foist Gaza onto Egypt, in part to further split the population of Gaza from that of the West Bank.
In 2008, the former head of Israel's National Security Council, Giora Eiland, suggested Egypt transfer some of its land to help form a Palestinian state and in return Israel would ease its restrictions on Egypt’s military presence in the Sinai. Eiland's plan was to add a square at the northwestern tip of the Sinai Peninsula onto the 140-square-mile Gaza -- a space, according to Eiland, that is far too small to successfully support its more than 1 million residents. The plan was rejected at that time by Egypt.
Abbas met with the Egyptian president in Cairo last week, and throughout the summer's war in Gaza, he consistently supported Sissi's ceasefire plan. But tensions remain high between Egypt and Hamas, the militant Islamist group that controls Gaza and is an offshoot of Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood, which Sissi's military-backed government has declared a terrorist group. Egypt has also been struggling to regain control of the vast Sinai desert, where unrest and Islamist extremism have simmered since the 2011 revolution in Egypt.
The Palestinian Maan News Agency reported Monday that al-Tayyib Abd al-Rahim, the secretary-general of Abbas's office, as saying that the Palestinian leadership would not accept any alternative to a Palestinian state on 1967 lines with East Jerusalem as its capital.”
Despite the interest -- and, perhaps, wishful thinking -- in Israel, Ruth Wasserman Lande, a former diplomat at the Israeli embassy in Cairo, insisted the plan “had nothing to do with Israel.”
 
Ruth Eglash is a reporter for The Washington Post based in Jerusalem. She was formerly a reporter and senior editor at the Jerusalem Post and freelanced for international media.

With the iPhone launch imminent  should you upgradeBy Hayley Tsukayama September 8 Follow @htsuka
Apple is scheduled to make an announcement which will include the release of a new version of the iPhone, but the tech company is also expected to release a new wearable gadget at Tuesday’s event. (Reuters)
With Apple likely to release at least one new version of its phone on Tuesday , many iPhone users are going to wonder if now is the time to upgrade--or whether they should hold out for something better. And if you have a device that runs on Android or Windows Phone, you might be following the launch, too, to see if a switch is worth it. Either way, here are a couple questions you can already start asking yourself, before Apple unveils all the details.
How old is my phone now and how much longer can I stand it?  If you've had your phone for a couple years and it's a daily, tooth-grindingly annoying source of frustration, then you should definitely buy a new phone. It's an easier choice if your phone is due for an upgrade -- something that normally comes up every two years, unless you've opted for a plan that lets you upgrade your more frequently without penalty.
There were a lot of Apple fans who weren't impressed enough by the iPhone 5s and 5c to upgrade from the 4S, meaning that there are probably a lot of eager potential upgraders out there. And if you're still toting an iPhone 5, 4 or 4S, then you've got a pretty good incentive to upgrade now. Even if rumors of bigger screens don't pan out, there's a pretty good chance, based on Apple's past actions, that the new iPhone will have a next-generation processor in it -- one that will speed up your phone significantly.
If you have an iPhone 5s, it's a harder sell. If the reports about a bigger screen are true and you're suffering with the iPhone's current 4-inch screen, then you could probably justify the upgrade. But unless the small screen just drives you crazy, you should probably wait to see if there are any killer features announced Tuesday that make it worth your while. For 5c owners, the question really is whether you've been happy with Apple's cheaper, lower-tier smartphone to this point. If you've been okay , then you probably have no compelling reason to upgrade right now.
What do I need my phone to do? In a way, the next iPhone will be more about what services it offers--helping you open your garage door, tracking your exercise workouts--rather than the specifics of the hardware itself. Apple's aiming to create a sort of universal remote control for your life, and it's likely to rely on more user data than ever. Apple already has a fingerprint sensor and the M7 motion-sensing chip in the iPhone 5s, which works with fitness and other apps to sense how you move while you're holding your phone. And the company's data hubs HealthKit and HomeKit are designed to let iPhone users organize their fitness data and information from wired home appliances. There  are also reports  that Apple will introduce some form of mobile payment technology on the iPhone that will let users pay for products with just a tap of their phones.
The celebrity photo hacking incident has made many consumers feel wary about handing over data to a cloud. Apple has already said it will offer new options to users to better protect their iCloud accounts. And the company is counting on the idea that people want their phones to make their lives ever more convenient. 
What if I'm debating between an Android, Windows Phone and iOS phone? Apple's focus is to make a powerful phone with a low common denominator of technical knowledge, but there is no one-size-fits all phone out there. If you only use Google services -- or Microsoft services -- and have no interest in using iCloud, Facetime or iTunes, then a lot of the advantages of an Apple phone fade.
Apple's mobile operating system is more closed off than Android's by design -- a design decision that makes it stronger against malware, but less customizable. App developers still normally release iOS apps first. But there are whole genres of apps on the Android Google Play store that are unavailable to iPhone users because Apple's not so keen on letting outside developers monkey around with its software. For example, apps that let you change the dialing keypad on your phone, change the layout of your text messages or let you completely reorganize your home screen just don't fly on the iPhone. If you want to use apps like Aviate or Hello SMS on the iPhone, you're out of luck.
Apple is opening up on some fronts. In June, Apple said that it will let developers release apps to customize the iPhone's keyboard, so users can try different methods of input such as swiping -- just gliding your finger from key-to-key to type instead of the hunting and pecking we all use now. But if you want a lot of control over your phone, or even just the option to uninstall standard apps without having to jailbreak your device, then you may want to stay away from the iPhone.
Will I be able to afford the new phone? There are rumors that Apple will be raising the price on its phone due to its predicted  larger screen and fancy new components . That may raise its price, which is already pretty high at $199 for a subsidized phone with a two-year plan and $649 for an unsubsidized model. New plans from carriers have reduced the cost of frequent upgrades by slashing the fee you used to have to pay to get a new phone before your current contract ran out. But doing so is still not what you'd call a budget-conscious move -- you're still paying the full price of the phone, just in installments.
And for all that is exciting about a shiny new phone, remember that you may not want to pay for a bunch of new features that you won't use. If you're even remotely on a budget, it's worth thinking not only about getting what you pay for--but also about not paying for things you don't want. There's also no shame in upgrading to last year's model when Apple slashes its price, something the company has done every time it's introduced a new phone.
Related:
As Apple prepares to launch its latest iPhone, fans and analysts see the event as an opportunity for CEO Tim Cook to help define a new era of smartphones. (AP)

Why TV broadcasters are suddenly sounding a lot like cable companiesBy Brian Fung September 8 Follow @b_fung
Sports broadcaster Bob Costas looks into the camera while on set during  a game between the Washington Redskins and Dallas Cowboys last year in Arlington, Tex. (AP Photo/LM Otero)
Late last week, two senators formally rolled out a plan that, if passed, would dramatically reshape the economics of television. The idea is to unbundle broadcast programming so that individual consumers could pick — and pay for directly — only the channels that they want to watch. Broadcasters oppose the idea because it would limit their ability to extract revenue from big, wealthy cable companies. But in challenging the proposal, the broadcasters are actually sounding a lot like their negotiating partners in the pay-TV industry.
When Sens. Jay Rockefeller (D-W.Va.) and John Thune (R-S.D.) introduced the legislation Friday, broadcasters quickly attacked it. The bill "will lead to higher prices and less program diversity," said Gordon Smith, chief executive of the National Association of Broadcasters (NAB).
TV Freedom, which represents broadcast affiliates, state broadcast associations and the NAB, among others, called the plan — known as Local Choice — a "pay-TV giveaway."
"Any congressional bill that includes the components of the Local Choice proposal will ultimately cost pay-TV consumers more for less programming under an unproven and often criticized a la carte model," the group said.
It so happens that the broadcasters' language is the same, down to the word, as the rhetoric that cable companies use. In a 2004 paper, the National Cable and Telecommunications Association argued that cable unbundling , despite its appeal among some, would "reduce program diversity" and "increase prices for consumers."
Before we go on, a bit about Local Choice. The plan would flip the current relationship between broadcasters and cable on its head. Instead of having cable companies pay broadcasters for over-the-air content — which involves complicated, opaque negotiations and massive sums of money changing hands — broadcasters would sell their programming to pay-TV subscribers directly. You could choose to buy CBS and NBC alone, but opt out of ABC if you wanted to, under this plan.
Local Choice is meant to address rising charges levied by broadcasters on cable companies. The trend has  alarmed federal regulators who believe that an 8,600-percent increase in "retransmission" fees over the last seven years has led to a simultaneous ballooning of cable bills. And there's no sign of slowing: CBS has indicated that it wants to quadruple its retransmission revenues to $2 billion in 2020, up from $500 million last year.
Why are broadcasters and cable both so opposed to unbundling? To tackle just one part of it, imagine that you could suddenly buy ESPN on a standalone basis from Comcast. Suddenly, rabid sports fans who once paid for Fox Sports 1 and ESPN together as part of a bundle would just start buying ESPN. Perhaps then Fox Sports 1 would jack up prices on its remaining subscribers, and ESPN — armed with a better idea of its true audience size — would raise its channel price, too, knowing that the people who are watching will pay through the nose to get their programming. (For an idea of how much ESPN already charges cable companies, check out this data from the research group SNL Kagan . For more on the case for bundled cable, the New York Times' Josh Barro has a good summary.)
The process of unbundling broadcast would involve many of the same dynamics. Individual networks might be tempted to increase prices on a per-channel basis if they have to negotiate directly with consumers. And while the Local Choice proposal would require channels to be provided to consumers at the same price within a particular market, it's still unlikely that you'd be paying the rate that cable companies currently do.
For consumers hoping for an unbundled future, this argument might come as something of a disappointment. For the broadcasters, appropriating the cable industry's rhetoric is purely rational.
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post.

Jawbone s activity-tracking wristbands to accept data from rivals0
It will also pull in data from Apple's anticipated wearable device, dubbed the iWatch by the press. A Jawbone user who neglects to wear the band for a night, for instance, can pull sleep data from an iPhone or Android smartphone.
Jawbone's UP can be used to track workout activity, sleep patterns, and food and drink consumption
Jawbone hopes to "lead people to the Jawbone hardware" by taking a more open approach, company spokesman Jim Godfrey said.
He stressed that Jawbone was not planning to shutter its wearable hardware efforts, unlike Nike Inc, and hinted at sensor advancements in coming months.
Many industry executives are banking on an Apple wearable device dominating the nascent but fertile wearables market, despite efforts by Intel, Samsung, Fitbit and dozens of startups to popularize wearable devices that can track sleep and count steps, among other things.
Godfrey said the wearables market will ultimately be large enough to include products in multiple categories, including fitness trackers and smartwatches.
The company in February announced it would raise $250 million. It is still in the process of raising its final $100 million, Godfrey added.
(Reporting by Christina Farr; Editing by Leslie Adler)

Rafael Soriano throws bullpen  to return to games soonBy James Wagner September 8 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Rafael Soriano. (Photo by Jonathan Ernst/Getty Images)
Rafael Soriano took another step in his return from his struggles on the mound by throwing a bullpen session on Monday afternoon. Since Soriano blew his seventh save of the season on Friday night, he has rested and watched video to evaluate his mechanics. He then threw a bullpen session, a rarity for non-injured relievers, under the watchful eye of pitching coach Steve McCatty. Soriano talked with Manager Matt Williams after and told him everything went well.
“That’s a good sign: that he feels good,” Williams said. “Just working on down plane and throwing the ball where he wants to.”
Since the all-star break, Soriano has been plagued by command issues reflected in a 6.98 ERA and five blown saves. Soriano has attributed the issues to sliders high in the strike zone that didn’t break as much as normal. But, according to McCatty, Soriano is working on getting all of his pitches lower. Soriano worked on staying back in his delivery and keeping his front shoulder closed on Monday.
“He’s flying open,” McCatty said. “We’ve talked about it a million times with pitchers. When you’re flying open, the ball gets elevated. Just staying back and getting in a proper position, and releasing the ball out front instead of falling behind you.”
McCatty said Soriano’s pitches by the end of the bullpen session had better sink and had more downward angle.
“His slider was much better,” McCatty said. “Had some tilt to it. The first couple were up and then the more he kept throwing and working on his delivery the better it got. He got back on top of the ball. It had some good tilt to it.”
The next step will be getting Soriano back into games. Williams has said he wants to give Soriano “a little bit of a softer landing” when he returns. Williams said Soriano could pitch Monday, if absolutely needed, but could perhaps pitch Tuesday. The best-case scenario for Williams is Soriano reclaiming the closer position. But for now, Soriano will have to show improvement — and in order to feel more comfortable with the improved mechanics, he needs to pitch.
In the meantime, Williams said he will continue to use any combination of late-inning relievers for the ninth inning. He has highlighted Matt Thornton, Drew Storen and Tyler Clippard as other options. Storen fired an electric ninth inning on Sunday for his second save and has the most experience closing beyond Soriano.
“We have four guys that have experience doing it and if we have to make an adjustment we can and have confidence in those guys that would be in the ninth inning,” Williams said. “I will also say that it’s fluid. … It’s true. Depends on a match-up and the success of a particular pitcher against a particular team. So right now that’s the way we’re going to go about doing it. We’re going to try to get the best guy out there given all that experience that they have. A lot of it also depends on the seventh and eighth.”
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

A private dinner  two meetings for Modi and ObamaA private dinner, two meetings for Modi and Obama
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 09, 2014
First Published: 08:34 IST(9/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:00 IST(9/9/2014)
Comments
When Prime Minister Narendra Modi comes to the United States end of this month, he will have at least two meetings with President Barack Obama over as many days.
They are scheduled to meet the first time on the night of September 29, after Modi arrives in DC winding up his three-day tour of New York city.
This is a private dinner the president is hosting for the Prime Minister at the White House, just across the road from where Modi will be staying, Blair House.
“President Obama looks forward to welcoming Prime Minister Narendra Modi of India to the White House on September 29-30, 2014,” said the White House on Monday.
It didn’t mention the dinner, but did confirm the White House will host the prime minister twice, on September 29 and 30. The first these visits will be private dinner, confirmed a source.
According to the White House the two leaders will discuss “a range of issues of mutual interest in order to expand and deepen the US-India strategic partnership”.
“They will discuss ways to accelerate economic growth, bolster security cooperation, and collaborate in activities that bring long-term benefits to both countries and the world.”
They will also discuss Afghanistan, which the United States is exiting according to pre-determined calendar by the end, a situation keenly watched by India.
And Syria and Iraq, chief US headaches currently.
The White House said India and the United States “can work together with partners towards a positive outcome” in these regions, going beyond standard expression of concern.
These issues were discussed at the India-US strategic dialogue in New Delhi last July. But the situation in the Iraq-Syria region has changed dramatically for the US since.
Starting August 8, the US has been carrying out airstrikes against ISIS positions in Iraq, getting dragged back into a war President Obama had declared over in 2011.
He is now under pressure, since the beheading of two American journalists by the ISIS, to do more. He is expected to announce expanded military action on Wednesday.
The ISIS is a matter of concern for India as well. It is holding 39 Indian construction workers employed by a Turkish company for a project in Mosul, which the outfit took in July.
Washington DC red carpet
* On September 29, Prime Minister Modi checks into Blair House, where visiting state guests have traditionally been hosted by US presidents; just across the road from the White House.
* The two leaders will have delegation level meeting the next day, on September 30.
* Followed by a formal lunch hosted by Vice-President Joe Biden for the prime minister at the State Department, also a tradition for visiting state guests, though not all.
* House speaker John Boehner and other congressional leaders will meet the prime minister on Capitol Hill, according to congressional sources.
* In the evening, just before ending his US visit, Modi will receive a group of private sector head honchoes coordinated by the US-India Business Council.
New (York) deal
* Modi delivers his maiden address to the UN General Assembly on September 27, in Hindi.
* Followed by a string of bilateral meetings — work in progress — and a meeting of the G-4 countries that are together lobbying for permanent seats on the UN Security Council — India, Japan, Germany and Brazil.
* A grand public event at the Madison Square Garden is scheduled for September 28, a Sunday, where he will interact with the Indian American community.
* Followed by a dinner at The Pierre, an upscale Manhattan hotel owned by India’s Taj group, hosted by the Indian ambassador for the Prime Minister, and friends of India.
* Modi will also have an expansive meeting with business leaders, details of which were first published in Hindustan Times.
* And, before leaving New York for Washington DC on September 29, the prime minister will deliver a policy speech at the Council on Foreign Relations. It was at another think tank in New York in 2000 — Asia Society— that then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee called India and the US “natural allies”, re-defining relations between the two countries.

SC seeks Centre reply on ailing marines pleaPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:24 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 1:25 am
The Supreme Court on Monday asked the Centre to respond if it was in favour of letting Massimiliano Latorre, one of the Italian marines facing murder charges in India, head back home for treatment.
A bench led by Chief Justice of India R M Lodha issued a notice to the government, seeking their response to Latorre’s plea to travel to his country for medical treatment for two months, and fixed the matter for further hearing on Friday.
In the meantime, the court also exempted Latorre, who suffered brain stroke on August 31, from appearing at the Chanakyapuri Police Station once a week, as a condition of his bail.
Senior advocates Soli Sorabjee and K T S Tulsi appeared for the Italian marines Latorre and Salvatore Girone.
They told the bench that Italian ambassador to India Daniele Mancini, who was also present in the court room, was ready to give any undertaking in this regard, besides willing to comply with all the conditions as deemed proper by the court.
Latorre and fellow marine Girone are currently barred from leaving India, pending a possible trial under murder charge for shooting two fishermen while serving as part of an anti-piracy mission on an Italian-flagged oil tanker, the Enrica Lexie, off Kerala coast in February 2012. They have been living at the Italian embassy, in the custody of the Supreme Court.
The court is to decide on the validity of the probe conducted by the National Investigation Agency against them, besides the other aspects relating to sending them up for trial under various charges.
‘Won’t oppose if court grants bail’
NEW DELHI: India on Monday said it will not oppose on “humanitarian grounds” the application of Massimiliano Latorre, the Italian marine facing murder charges here, to return to his country after he suffered a mild stroke recently. Responding to a question at her first media interaction, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said, “As regard to Italian marine’s application in the Supreme Court, we are not opposing that application on humanitarian grounds. If the court decides to give him this bail and allows him to return to Italy, we will not oppose it.” However, she ruled out that the issue can be settled through a diplomatic dialogue as was sought by Italy, saying it has to go through the judicial process.

Enough risk appetite for mid  small cap stocks: Amit RathiLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Enough risk appetite for mid, small cap stocks: Amit Rathi
Rathi says while frontline indices like Nifty and Sensex are up 30 percent from their 2008 peaks, the mid-cap index is still flat and the small cap index is 25 percent below its previous peak
Post your opinion here
 
There is enough risk appetite among investors for small and mid cap shares even after the recent rally, feels Amit Rathi, Managing Director, Anand Rathi Securities. His brokerage is holding an investor conference for small and mid-cap companies.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy from the sidelines of the conference, Rathi said these stocks still had enough steam left. That is because while frontline indices like Nifty and Sensex are up 30 percent from their 2008 peaks, the mid-cap index is still flat and the small cap index is 25 percent below its previous peak.
On second line pharma shares, Rathi says the companies would be able to sustain the strong growth in earnings seen in recent quarters. Domestic formulation business is what most investors are bullish on, he said.
According to Rathi, pharma companies are now trading at fair valuations after a spectacular rally over the last year. However, in the defensives space, pharma is still a better bet bet than IT, he feels.
He says a new set of investors are showing interest in mid and small cap stocks. They are not deterred by current high valuations as they are willing to take a 5 and 7 year perspective on these companies.
Rathi says many investors are showing interest in tyre companies and willing to take a long term view.
Below is the transcript of Amit Rathi’s interview with Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: You must have touched base with a lot of people who are coming for the conference. Are there a lot of foreign investors as well in your conference, what is the mood like?
A: The conference is focused on the small cap and midcap space and we have got the entire community of investors who are focused there. We have got almost 350 investors who are coming to the conference both public market and a fairly good range of even private equity investors who are looking to pipe deals in listed companies.
Latha: What is the mood like, are there any sector favourites, is there a disbelief about the index at 8200 or is there a feeling that you have really not seen at all yet?
A: In a space that we operate and really the small and midcap space while the index – the Sensex and Nifty is up 30 percent from its January 2008 high, the midcap index is still almost just where it is and the small cap index is 25 percent below its peak and this is despite the BSE small cap doubling over the last 12 months. So, still there is a lot of investor appetite, risk appetite remains. We have got almost 3000 meeting requests in these two days. So, clearly there is a lot of interest yet.
Sonia: I was going through the list of companies that you have invited and lots of midcap pharma companies are coming to your conference. What is the sense you are getting about the midcap pharma space and how much potential could be there and the key contributors to this up move?
A: If you look at the entire small and midcap pharma space, we have seen a fair bit of run up. A lot of stocks are up 3-5x in the last one year and yet there is a lot of investor appetite. Earnings growth continues to be strong, the domestic formulations business as well there is a lot of interest. Valuations were very cheap a year back; I would say they are probably fair right now. However, in the defensive space that is an area compared to relative to technology where we are seeing a lot more investor interest right now.  
Latha: The tyre stocks, you think there is more to run?
A: They have done fantastically well in the last two or three years and while I won’t comment on specific stocks, the whole consumer facing industry is something where you are seeing a lot of interest and we have got a whole new set of investors who are coming in into these companies who are taking five to seven year views and this is quasi sort of private equity coming into the public space and they are really not bothered so much about near term valuations which traditionally we see in mutual funds being very cautious about.
However, investors who are coming in saying I don’t mind paying a 20-40 percent premium if can pick up a 5-10 percent in some of these companies because they are really buying a secular growth story over 5-7 year period. So, that is a whole new breed of investors we have seen coming in very actively to the market now and that is sort of sustaining valuations for these companies.
RELATED NEWS

Rupee to outperform other EM currencies in 2014: Deutsche08:00 am
The rupee is likely to outperform other emerging market currencies in 2014, feels Sameer Goel, Head of Asia Rates & FX Research at Deutsche Bank. In the near term, he does not see the rupee strengthening above 60 to the dollar, as the FII debt investment is fast nearing its applicable ceiling.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy, he says that the global currency market is seeing divergence in cues, reflecting the conflicting policies of central banks in developed markets.
Goel says the yen is likely to touch 108-110 to the dollar, and the Euro 1.25 to the dollar, by December.
Below is the transcript of Sameer Goel’s interview with Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy of CNBC-TV18.
Latha: The rupee is the first story I want to discuss with you. What is the sense you are getting, it has braved the dollar strength so long, what is the trajectory from now to end of 2014?
A: We are definitely getting into a little bit of a consolidation mode here which is not surprising after as you said what has been a fairly good move and in the face of strengthening the dollar. In currency market in general and this extends to India as well, I think currency markets in general are now facing fairly different regime from what we had been used to so far this year and for once we are starting to see more divergence as far as monetary policy in the developed world is concerned and that creates with it both volatility in the markets themselves and certainly in the prospects for capital flows.
What has happened to India and what has happened to Asia is much greater appreciation by the markets that countries like India have done a lot, policy making has done a lot to amend the imbalances which were the cause of the pressure on the currency last year. What is happening now as a result is that markets are rewarding that improvement which is taking place. I suspect we will see continuation of that into the year. I do think INR will outperform likely a lot of other parts of emerging markets. I still think there is headwind in terms of reluctance on part of the central bank to probably allow the currency to appreciate too much or to move too far away from fair value. However, it will almost certainly keep up the appeal of INR, of rupee as a carry currency; that is probably the best framework to look at for the rupee.
Sonia: When you say the INR will outperform, what kind of levels are you ascribing to it for the next 12 months because now we have the added positive of lower crude and then we still have the curbs on gold imports, etc which has been supporting the rupee?
A: I think the outperformance I talk about is more with respect to a total return for owning a currency like the rupee. The attractiveness of the rupee to my mind is still primarily out of the carry. It yields rather than necessarily scope for significant depreciation, as I said that, at the end of the day is still constrained by the reluctance of policymakers to allow the currency to be significantly stronger from here.
I do think you have scope to be able to test again dollar-rupee below 60 but for it to be able to sustain there or to move substantially lower will require a significant change in circumstances. I don’t foresee that to the end of the year.
Latha: When you say circumstances you mean inflation should fall?
A: Either the policy framework needs to be changed significantly, the central bank needs to get much more confident about the downside trajectory in inflation as you said and that would then in turn entail a valuation rationale for the currency to be stronger from these levels. On the other hand you do have the headwinds from a stronger dollar as well.
Latha: We are getting some cues about some more bond buying likely to be allowed for FIIs but I don't think there is much of a cap out there. Is that FII buying mood kind of run its course?
A: I think there is certainly been a greater buy in into the overall rates, fixed income, macro story in India. I think as far as the FII sentiment itself is concerned is more constrained by the ability to be able to participate in the local currency debt market and that as you know is more of a policy discretion move. If indeed there are increases in quotas and greater space for offshore investors to be involved, I think they will be and you will see that flow but obviously that needs to wait till actually those quotas are on track.
Latha: I think the FII quota has been brought up but the sovereign wealth fund, the long only fund quota is still available.
A: There is some space from what see from the latest data still available on that particular front. Of course that scope too is narrowing fairly significantly. So, overall in general the debt investment seems to be getting close to their levels.
Latha: How would you see bond yields from hereon for the new 10-year for instance?
A: The two factors which are driving effectively in my opinion or rather three factors which are driving bond yields moment, one is the outlook on inflation which as we all know from the last statement of the reserve bank they certainly – well one they had shifted the benchmark I think closer to 2016 and wanted to get to the 6 percent inflation target. That is probably the kind of benchmark they want to evaluate in terms of when they will be willing to ease rates.
I think inflation is on the correct trajectory, the question however remains as to whether it can fall fast enough to be able to satisfy what the Reserve Bank wants to achieve.
The second and third factors are with respect to the technicals of the debt market. Supply is far more under control and there is clearly emphasis that we will not be slipping up on the fiscal target. However, equally the incremental demand which has driven the markets has come from offshore investors which we just discussed is sort of reaching a bit of a limit at this point.  
Sonia: Just needed your thoughts on two currencies, the way they have been depreciating against the dollar, one on the Yen and whether you see it slip some more below that 106 mark and the euro which is trading at a 14 month low against the dollar?
A: I think both are a reflection of as I mentioned at the beginning of the call both are a reflection of what is now increasingly obvious, the divergence in the policy trajectory within the developed world  between the developed world US on the one hand and Europe and Japan on the  other. While the US is very much approaching the end of quantitative easing and lending balance sheet out, Europe and Japan are moving in the other direction.
They are very keen on expanding their balance sheet which expectedly whether the policy says as much or not is a way off debasing or weakening the currency and that will be the case for the rest of the year. So, I suspect by the end of the year we should be seeing dollar-Yen closer to 108-110 kind of a level and euro probably down to about 1.25 kind of levels.
Latha: What are you expecting on 16-17 from the Fed and when is your rate hike expectation for the US?
A: The Fed is increasingly at a point where it will find it more tenuous to ignore shifting the dialogue around when we need to exit from the current policy framework. I don’t think and particularly the payroll numbers from last week certainly suggest don’t think we are at a point where this is a screaming hurry where there is a compulsion to make that shift eminently but I do think they need to change or they need to more publicly discuss the framework around exiting from their current policy stetting. I think September FOMC actually affords a very good platform when the Fed can probably start to discuss these issues more publicly.  
RELATED NEWS

CBI director Sinha gets some reprieve  SC gives him 10 days to clear standAfter 2G, CBI director gets SC notice in coal scam
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 10, 2014 12:20 AM IST
A day after a Supreme Court Bench issued a notice to Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Director Ranjit Sinha for allegedly protecting some accused in the telecom spectrum case, another Bench on Tuesday sought explanation from him on similar allegations in the coal scam.
A Bench headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha issued notice to the CBI director on a plea seeking a special investigation team probe against him for allegedly protecting the accused in the coal block allocation scam.
Granting 10 days to file a response to the allegations, the Bench, however, refused to pass any order for recusal of Sinha in the case.
The court posted the case for further hearing on September 19.
The Bench observed that an order had already been passed by another Bench of the apex court against Sinha and no further order was required.
But advocate Prashant Bhushan, appearing for a non-government organisation (NGO), which filed an application against Sinha, contended Monday’s order was on the 2G case and the court could pass an order pertaining to the coal scam.
Thereafter, the Bench agreed to issue a notice to Sinha and posted the case after the next date of hearing on the 2G scam, to take place on September 15, when the apex court will look into the response filed by the CBI director.
In the application filed in the court, NGO Common Cause had referred to reports about the entry register at Sinha’s residence containing names of “influential” persons allegedly involved in the coal scam.
It accused him of scuttling the probe in the “high magnitude” coal scam case, in which 20 first information reports for offences of corruption, cheating and criminal conspiracy have been lodged and two chargesheets filed in the trial court.

Discussing Consumer Credit and the American Economy with Mary Kissel on WSJs Opinion JournalComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

Parks and Rec filmed in DC. Fans freaked out.By Emily Heil September 8 Follow @emilyaheil
The cast and a crew from the NBC show “ Parks and Recreation ” filmed some scenes in Washington this weekend, something the show’s producers wanted very badly to keep under wraps.
A publicist for the show tells us that details about the shoot are practically classified information, since they fear that even the tiniest detail might serve as a spoiler for the sitcom’s seventh and final season, slated to air in 2015. Last season ended with a time jump that found main character Leslie Knope, played by Amy Poehler, as a regional director for the National Park Service — so a Washington backdrop seems fitting.
Despite the lockdown, Twitter (of course!) provided us a few clues about what the “P&R” gang got up to, including that actor Adam Scott (and possibly Poehler) were on hand. The backdrop for at least one shot appears to be an apartment complex in Foggy Bottom.
Beyond that? If they told us, they’d have to kill us, apparently.
Turns out, the cloak-and-dagger routine might have been a good strategy, judging from the reaction on Twitter from those who missed spotting the cast and crew for themselves. Tears, appeals to deities, and even a “I want to die” from those who’d missed out? That’s a lot of drama for a comedy. Imagine the descending hordes.
Sounds like Leslie Knope and company have fans whose histrionics make One Direction’s tween devotees look like amateurs. Here’s a sampling:
Nausea!
— jake from state farm (@HannahRadner) September 7, 2014
Tears!     
Amy Poehler why can’t you just get a twitter so I can learn in advance that you’ll be filming in DC?? I’m legitimately crying right now — LG (@glaserface) September 7, 2014
Hyperbole (we hope)!
Amy Poehler was just filming for Parks and Rec on campus and I missed her. Someone please come light me on fire.
— Rob Todaro (@rob_tod) September 7, 2014
Existential crises: 
PARKS AND REC WAS FILMING DOWN THE STREET AND I MISSED IT. WHY ME, GOD, WHY ME? — Emily Clott (@EmClott) September 7, 2014
 
— estelle getty (@brindonesian) September 7, 2014
Not everyone went away disappointed, or harboring a death wish. A few fans got lucky and spied the crew at work:
Parks and rec filming a block from my dorm Amy poehler’s there pic.twitter.com/xR1xadtjvd — tristan (@tstevensking) September 7, 2014
One even got a pic with one of the actors.
So exciting to meet @mradamscott ! What an awesome guy…missed @amypoehler #parksandrec #smirnoff #bffs pic.twitter.com/pTAX3IQGLe — Rabia Khan (@rabia_bmore) September 8, 2014
 

Obamacare lets young adults stay on their parents insurance longer. Has that made them better offBy Jason Millman September 8 Follow @jasonmillman
An actual ad encouraging young adults to get health insurance. (doyougotinsurance.com)
Allowing young adults to stay on their parents' health plans is one of the most popular elements of the president's health-care law, but a pair of new studies out today raises questions about the overall impact of the coverage expansion to an estimated 3 million people.
The provision, which allows young adults to stay on their parents' health insurance plans until their 26th birthday, was one of the earliest parts of the law to take effect, in 2010, and researchers are now starting to report on the effects of that expansion. As expected, it increased the rate of health insurance among young adults, who historically had the highest uninsured rates of any age group. But the provision didn't change whether the age group perceived themselves as healthier or whether they thought health care was any more affordable, according to a new study in JAMA Pediatrics.
Further, adults under age 26 reported a significant decline in having a usual source of care between 2009 and 2012 (from 62 percent to 58.8 percent), according to researchers who analyzed the results of two publicly available surveys. Still, that decline wasn't as steep as the 6.6 percentage point decline experienced among people ages 26-34, researchers found. But when compared to that slightly older age group, researchers found the under-26 crowd didn't report a significant difference in several key metrics: going for a wellness visit, getting a flu shot, or being able to afford a doctor's visit, prescription medications or dental care. (Interestingly, these results seemed to contradict earlier findings in the journal's sister publication, the Journal of the American Medical Association.)
Young adults as a group already think of themselves as pretty healthy, which explains why many will choose to skip the cost of health insurance in the first place. And when they do get sick, they're more likely to seek out care at emergency rooms — a much more expensive option. So another significant measure of the under-26 provision is whether ER visits are decreasing for young adults.
In another study out today, Stanford University researchers compared the number of emergency room visits of two different young adult age groups: those who benefited from the new ACA provision, ages 19-25, and those who didn't, ages 26-31. Analyzing 2011 data from California, Florida and New York hospitals, the researchers found that the under-26 group had 2.7 fewer ER visits per 1,000 people than the older group. That added up to about 63,500 fewer ER visits among young adults across these states in just 2011, according to the study published today in the Health Affairs journal.
The researchers had another finding that seems just as important. While the total number of ER visits among the under-26 group was down, about the same number of people still went to the ER. The distinction here is that young adults with chronic conditions, who have greater care needs, probably now had better access to non-ER care settings, so their number of visits to the ER decreased. But the finding also suggests that healthy young adults, who might have shunned health insurance before, still continued to see the ER as a place for seeking out routine care, according to the study. Further, insurance likely makes those ER visits cheaper, which could actually increase how much people use the ER, the researchers wrote.
Past studies have shown that ER use increases immediately after a coverage expansion. Patients could be having a hard time finding new primary care doctors, or it could be that changing old habits is difficult. But everyone agrees that in an ideal health-care system, the ER wouldn't be a place for routine care.
It's also a reminder that providing health insurance is just one part of the equation. Changing someone's behavior can be tougher.
Jason Millman covers all things health policy, with a focus on Obamacare implementation. He previously covered health policy for Politico.

Tsunami of sovereign funds threat to Street"Gold appears to be testing its $1,250 an ounce support handle, and any break below may see the precious metal extend its bearish trend."
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Gold hovered near its lowest in three months on Tuesday after sharp overnight losses as the dollar traded at 14-month highs against a basket of major currencies, dimming the metal's appeal as a currency hedge.
Spot gold had slipped slightly to $1,254.66 an ounce by 0335 GMT. The metal closed down 1 per cent on Monday, after earlier hitting $1,251.24 - its lowest since June.
"Gold appears to be testing its $1,250 an ounce support handle, and any break below may see the precious metal extend its bearish trend," said OCBC Bank analyst Barnabas Gan.
The path of least resistance for gold is to move lower as the US dollar is expected to strengthen further, other traders said.
The dollar index was near July 2013 highs, boosted by a San Francisco Fed study that noted investors are pricing in a lower trajectory for interest rates rises than members of the central bank are.
It was also supported as sterling was pressured amid ongoing jitters that Scotland could vote to secede from the United Kingdom.
A stronger greenback makes dollar-denominated gold more expensive for holders of other currencies.
"Momentum indicators highlight an accelerated pace of decline, and we maintain our expectations for further weakness toward the June low of $1,240," said analysts at ScotiaMocatta.
Top buyer China returned from a holiday on Tuesday but failed to provide any significant support to prices.
Premiums on the Shanghai Gold Exchange were steady at $4-$5 an ounce, higher than the $2-$3 seen early last week, in a sign that buying has picked up in recent days as prices drop to multi-month lows.
Investors were also eyeing geopolitical tensions over Ukraine. A ceasefire agreed between Ukraine and pro-Russian rebels last week has weakened safe-haven bids for gold, though each side accused the other of sporadic shelling.
Russia signalled on Monday it might ban Western airlines from flying over its territory as part of an "asymmetrical" response to new European Union sanctions over the Ukraine crisis.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Still huge risk appetite among investors for small  midcaps. Do you see the midcaps and small caps outperforming frontliners hereonSilver Member
1 Followers
With the business cycle improving, the mid caps are best poised to benefit hugely especially the ones who have deleveraged their balance sheet. The large caps have already reached their optimal valuations since during the last few years they were the only safe haven destinations.With the economy improving and risk returning there will investors who will be digging deep to discover and invest in quality mid caps.
12.12 PM Sep 9th

Retailer expects two new iPhone designsiPhone 6 will be ‘biggie’ in sales, says Dixons Carphone chief
By Andrea Felsted and Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/77c16e6e-37ea-11e4-b69d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Saeed Ajmal s bowling action found illegal  suspendedThe International Cricket Council on Tuesday confirmed that an independent analysis has deemed the bowling action of Pakistan’s off-spinner Saeed Ajmal illegal and, as such, the player has been suspended from bowling in international cricket with immediate effect.
 
The analysis revealed that all his deliveries exceeded the 15 degrees level of tolerance permitted under the regulations.
 
Saeed, who was reported after the first Test match against Sri Lanka in Galle last month, can apply a re-assessment after he has modified his bowling action in accordance with clause 2.4 of the Regulations for the Review of Bowlers Reported with Suspected Illegal Bowling Actions.
 
The analysis was performed on 25 August by the ICC’s accredited team of Human Movement Specialists using the National Cricket Centre in Brisbane.

Dollar eyes highest levels in three yearsAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

TiE sets up Chandigarh Angel Investors NetworkBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Amfi cautions MFs against leaking info on bonus unitsBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Odisha CM announces Rs 5 crore aid for J&K flood victimsPrint
PTI | Bhubanesvar | Posted: September 9, 2014 2:23 pm
Announcing an assistance of Rs five crore from the Chief Minister’s Relief Fund for flood ravaged Jammu and Kashmir, Odisha Government on Tuesday said trained personnel are ready with equipment to undertake rescue and relief operations in affected areas.
“The Government of Odisha has extended an assistance of Rs five crore from the Chief Minister’s Relief Fund for relief and restoration works in the flood hit areas of Jammu and Kashmir,” a release from Chief Minister’s office said.
“On behalf of the people of Odisha, Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik has conveyed his deep sorrow for the people of Jammu & Kashmir affected by the recent floods in which a number of valuable lives have been lost, and there has been extensive damage to property,” it said.
Patnaik expressed his condolences for the bereaved families. A team of 40 trained personnel of Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) is ready with all required rescue equipment, boats and submersible pumps to be pressed into service for undertaking rescue and relief operations in the affected areas, it said.

Kejriwal threatens stir against BJP s attempt to form Delhi governmentComments
Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Kejriwal on Tuesday revealed the contents of the Delhi lieutenant governor's letter to the president and alleged that  he was biased towards the BJP.
The letter from the L-G Najeeb Jung dated September 4 appeals to the president to give approval for calling the BJP, to form the government in Delhi.
"Every effort must be made to form a popular government  before recommending dissolution of assembly...I shall be grateful if the president grants approval to invite BJP, the single largest party, to form the government," the letter said.
Read: Delhi govt formation: Centre gets a month's time from Supreme Court
The language and tenor of the L-G's letter showed that the L-G was clearly favouring the BJP, Kejriwal claimed.
The L-G's letter also said that it won't be in public interest to hold polls in such a short time span. AAP received a copy of the letter as they were petitioners in the Supreme Court against the L-G's move to invite the BJP.
Kejriwal threatens street meetings
Arvind Kejriwal on Tuesday threatened to take to the streets to prevent the BJP from forming a government in Delhi.
"We will hold demonstrations across Delhi to spread awareness. The attempts of the BJP to form a government by breaking other parties has to be stopped at all costs," Kejriwal said at a news conference a day after he released a video showing a local BJP leader trying to "buy the support of" an AAP MLA.
Kejriwal also said he would take the 'sting tape' to the president and request him not to allow the Delhi lieutenant governor to call the BJP to form the government.
"Even after the sting operation the BJP is claiming that it has got the support of seven more MLAs, then it is the height of shame," he said.
The AAP chief also claimed that his party was in touch with all MLAs, including Congress and AAP members, not to seek support, but to convince them that there should be fresh elections.
The sting video showed the vice president of the BJP's Delhi state unit, Sher Singh Dagar,  allegedly offering money to AAP MLA Dinesh Mohaniya in return for support. Kejriwal alleged that the BJP offered Rs. 4 crore each to four AAP legislators to buy their support.

Suzuki launches 150cc bike Gixxer priced at Rs 72 199BSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Alibaba IPO: Jack Ma woos Wall Street investorsAlibaba's Jack Ma begins wooing Wall Street investors for IPO
New York Times Sep 9, 2014, 03.06PM IST
Tags:
(Jack Ma, the founder of Alibaba )
By Michael J. De La Merced
NEW YORK - About 15 years ago, Jack Ma traveled to Silicon Valley to raise a few million dollars for his newborn company, the Alibaba Group. Few at the time showed any willingness to hand over the cash.
On Monday, Ma, the company's executive chairman and co-founder, told a crowd of more than 800 potential investors gathered for the first big marketing pitch for Alibaba's initial public offering that he was back to ask for a little more money.
Monday represented the start of a global roadshow for the Chinese e-commerce giant, which is seeking to raise more than $21 billion in its initial public offering, a stock sale that could break size records. And it represented the first test of whether investors thought that the company held the promise of enormous growth.
The day formally began at 6 a.m., when Alibaba executives met with the combined sales teams from its six lead underwriters for a teach-in. Held at Citigroup's investment banking headquarters in downtown Manhattan, the discussion focused on teaching the sales staff about the company and how to best pitch it to potential investors.
But the highlight was the lunch presentation, held on the 18th floor of the Waldorf-Astoria in Midtown Manhattan.
Starting midmorning, investors lined up for a half-hour or more simply to take the elevator up to the registration desk. At least one potential buyer criticized the setup - completed last week when company executives finally selected the location - which left a long line of people snaking across the cavernous Waldorf lobby and out the door.
Boldface Wall Street names were in attendance. Mario Gabelli, the longtime stock picker, sat in the main hall. Steven Rattner, the former investment banker who now manages the personal fortune of Michael R. Bloomberg, took a seat in one of two overflow rooms that filled to capacity.
And senior deal-makers from underwriters like Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase made the rounds, as did J. Michael Evans, a former Goldman vice chairman who sits on Alibaba's board.
The lunch finally began around 1 p.m., about a half-hour after it was scheduled to begin, with a prepared video that Alibaba had already published on the website RetailRoadShow.com. The chief executive of Credit Suisse, Brady Dougan, then introduced Ma before turning moderation duties over to Imran Khan, the firm's head of global Internet investment banking and one of the main IPO advisers.
Though several members of the management team were on stage, including the executive vice chairman Joseph C. Tsai and the chief financial officer Maggie Wu, Ma - clad in a blazer and collared shirt with no tie - emerged as the dominant personality. He did not disappoint expectations, according to people who watched the presentation, telling jokes about a Harvard case study that continually predicted Alibaba's impending demise while other competitors triumphed. (All those rivals have since folded, Ma noted.)
When asked about competitors, Ma joked that such thinking was the job of a vice president. He, on the other hand, was preoccupied with how to make the company endure for more than a century.
  The questions revolved largely around understanding Alibaba's business model. Topics of the queries included the many deals that the company has struck this year, including those for a stake in a Chinese soccer team and a movie studio that has since unearthed accounting issues; the e-commerce operator's notoriously opaque corporate governance; and whether the business will continue to grow at its phenomenal speed.
"They were very smart about trying to take head-on some of the questions they knew were coming," said one attendee. "They pre-empted a lot of them, but with canned answers."
Later in the presentation, however, Ma unexpectedly took questions directly from the audience.
Management representatives acknowledged that Alibaba's fabulous operating margins, which currently stand at 43 per cent, would come down over time. But the opportunity that the company's commanding lead in China's e-commerce industry represents remained an enormous buying opportunity.
Alibaba executives are setting off on a 10-day roadshow that will crisscross the globe before returning to New York for the IPO's pricing.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Federal Reserve wants US  largest banks to s...Federal Reserve wants US' largest banks to shrink
New York Times Sep 9, 2014, 02.56PM IST
Tags:
(Daniel K. Tarullo, the Fed…)
By Peter Eavis
The Federal Reserve, mindful that some banks are still so big that their failure could weigh on the wider economy, said Monday that it planned to increase the pressure on large financial firms to shrink.
Daniel K. Tarullo, the Fed governor who oversees regulatory policies, signaled the central bank's intent in testimony that he is scheduled to give before the Senate Banking Committee on Tuesday. In particular, Tarullo said that the Fed would propose special capital requirements for the largest banks that will be even higher than those demanded under international banking regulations.
"We intend to improve the resiliency of these firms," Tarullo said. "This measure might also create incentives for them to reduce their systemic footprint and risk profile."
The speech sets out to update Congress on how much progress regulators have made with the Dodd-Frank Act, which was passed in 2010 to overhaul the financial system.
The part of his remarks that could unsettle large Wall Street firms has to do with capital. When regulators increase capital requirements, it forces banks to borrow less money to finance their lending and trading. The theory is that banks that rely less on borrowing are more stable because they are getting more of their financing from shareholder funds, which do not have to be repaid at short notice when turbulence hits.
But as a bank has more equity funding, it in theory becomes harder for it to earn a return on its shares that satisfies investors. The bank might therefore decide that, to reduce its equity funding, it needs to shrink its assets. And if the largest banks fall considerably in size, they would pose less of a threat to the wider economy if they collapsed.
But some large banks may not want to reduce their size. And they may assert that higher capital requirements will cause banks to cut back in ways that could impede the flow of credit .
International bank rules already envision that the largest banks have higher capital requirements than smaller ones. The basic requirement is that a bank's capital must equal at least 7 percent of its assets, measured according to the risk of the assets. But the largest global banks' capital will have to be between 8 and 9.5 percent of their risk-adjusted assets by the end of 2018, according to international rules.
In his speech, Tarullo said that the Fed wanted even higher capital surcharges for the biggest American banks. "Noticeably so for some firms," he said.
JPMorgan Chase is one of the banks that will be required to hold an extra 2.5 percentage points of capital, or 9.5 percent in total, under the international rules. JPMorgan, however, is already at 9.8 percent. JPMorgan declined to comment on Tarullo's speech.
Although big American banks should be able to meet the Fed's new demands, they can be expected to voice their concerns. The Fed would propose the new capital surcharges as a formal rule and invite comments from the industry and the broader public.
Tarullo's capital surcharge plan would particularly penalize firms with large Wall Street businesses that borrow a lot of money in short-term debt markets. These markets dried up in the financial crisis of 2008, threatening the life of many firms. As a result, the Fed is looking for ways to reduce banks' reliance on this type of borrowing.
"We believe the case for including short-term wholesale funding in the surcharge calculation is compelling," Tarullo said, "given that reliance on this type of funding can leave firms vulnerable to runs that threaten the firm's solvency."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex equals gold @ 27 200; here s what makes for better investment opportunityYou are here: Home > Collections > Gold
Sensex equals gold @ 27,200; here's what makes a better bet
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 9, 2014, 03.00PM IST
Tags:
Gold
(Gold has plunged nearly…)
NEW DELHI: Gold might have delivered negative returns so far in the year 2014 as equity as an asset class gained momentum, but it has certainly not lost its sheen, say analysts.
Gold has plunged nearly 6 per cent compared to a nearly 29 per cent rally seen in the equity market (refer chart) and has outperformed the equity market 3 times in the last six years.
However, one interesting point is both Sensex and Gold are now trading around the same level in trade on Tuesday. The only difference is Sensex rallied nearly 29 per cent so far in the year, while Gold saw some bit of profit taking.
"Gold will never lose its sheen as an investment class. The right way to look at it is as part of scientific asset allocation. At any point, the investor should have exposure to gold. This has been true for millennia and is equally true today," said Jayant Manglik, President - Retail Distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
Investment decisions are moving more towards equities and debt due to gradual improvement in global conditions and changing outlook towards the Indian markets, say analysts.
"In the past couple of years, equities and debt have significantly outperformed against gold and now with the improving outlook, money is expected to move towards these asset classes rather than gold," said Tushar Pendharkar , Equity Strategist, Right Horizons Financial Services.
Every asset class has to go through money rotation as per the phase of the economy. Gold as an asset class will always see price appreciation and it attracts investors during the times of uncertainty, say analysts.
"If we see the phase of 2008, which encountered one of the biggest stock market crashes of the history, investors jumped on to gold as gold is considered as a safe haven and always outperforms other asset classes during a poor phase of the economy," said Vivek Gupta - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"If we notice the rise of gold from the levels of 2007, gold has risen from the lows of 8540 to the highs of 35074. So, gold has already risen 4.1 times from 2007 up to now," he added.
If we see the phase of 2008 to 2014, although the economy has recovered, gold was in the phase of an extended bull market, explains Gupta.
Should investors cut down their holding in Gold?
Looking at the current situation, equity markets are still in the early phase of a bull market and during the coming year it should continue the up rise. So, this is time where investors should shift their investments from gold to equity. Gold in the coming year would either trade in a sideways range or should correct.
So, considering the fact that preference towards gold would be lesser in the long run, should investors reduce their exposure in gold?
Even though gold might be underperforming, but portfolio managers do not recommend investors to reduce exposure in gold.
Gold's weight in the ordinary Indian's investment basket tends to be in the range of 15-20 per cent of the total portfolio and this has contributed immensely at the time of volatility in safeguarding returns.
"Data over the last several years shows that gold investment reduces overall risk and volatility of the portfolio while enhancing returns," said Manglik.
"The returns angle is especially true in India because the depreciation of the rupee against the US dollar has led to gold prices giving positive returns in almost any five-year block for the last about thirty years," he added.
Investors should not make exit from its investment just because the prices have corrected in the past few months. However, they should avoid further allocation.
"I would suggest no fresh investment in gold at this juncture considering better opportunities in the fixed income space than fund idling into this asset class," says Pendharkar.
"Additionally, higher investments in equities and debt would automatically dilute holdings of gold in overall portfolio, which could be an appropriate way to reduce exposure," he added.
Gupta is also of the view that investors, who are invested in gold from lower levels, should book profits in or at least they should not add any further investments as of now.
It is always better to sail with the wind and right now the wind is blowing in the direction of equity, he added.
Outlook for the next 1 year:
Gold prices show a strong support at about Rs 25,000 per ten gram on the technical charts.
"So any dip in prices should be seen as an opportunity to accumulate gold and then aim for a Rs 31,800 target within a year," said Manglik.
"However, this does not take into account newer developments in the global financial and geopolitical space and prices will react significantly to these changes," he added.
S M Sakthi Prakaash, Lead Research Analyst of WealthRays Securities, is of the view that fundamentals are looking very weak for gold and its value is expected to fall in the coming year.
However, retail buying could provide support for gold prices at lower level and could prevent a steep fall in gold prices. Gold futures may be expected to trade in the range of Rs 25000-25500 in the next 6 months to 1 year, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cease-Fire Shelling Hits School in Eastern Ukraine
RBI says 70 years upper age for pvt bank CEO...Aditya Puri
(However, banks are free…)
KOLKATA: Reserve Bank of India has fixed the upper age limit for private bank chief executives at 70 creating chances for the likes HDFC Bank's Aditya Puri or IndusInd Bank's Romesh Sobti to head their banks for a longer period.
The banking regulator said that the decision has been taken in step with the Companies Act, 2013, which prescribe that 'no company shall appoint or continue the employment of any person as managing director, whole time director or manager who is below the age of 21 years or has attained the age of 70 years'.
However, Puri's or Sobti's longer run would ultimately depend on their respective banks' board as RBI gave boards the power to prescribe a lower retirement age for the chief executives and directors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex closes 54 pts down | $ rises to a 14-month high  oil below $100Sensex closes 54 points down, Nifty ends above 8,150
PTI Sep 9, 2014, 03.41PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The broader 50-share Nifty…)
NEW DELHI: Retreating from record highs, the Sensex and the Nifty today fell by about 54 points and 21 points respectively on profit-booking in recent out-performers like ICICI Bank, Infosys, L&T and ONGC, amid caution in view of the hearing of coal blocks case in the Supreme Court.
The BSE Sensex, after shuttling between 27,328.27 and 27,177.09, ended with a loss of 54.53 points, or 0.20 per cent, to end at 27,265.32. Yesterday, the 30-share bluechip benchmark had ended at its all-time closing high of 27,319.85 after hitting intra-day high of 27,354.99.
On similar lines, the NSE Nifty lost 20.95 points, or 0.26 per cent, to close at 8,152.95 after moving between 8,126.50 and 8,174.55. Its previous all-time closing high of 8,173.90 was hit yesterday after touching intra-day record high of 8,180.20.
Marked losses in recent gainers like L&T, BHEL, and Axis Bank also weighed on the market sentiment.
Selling was seen mostly across-the-board but shares like Cipla, Coal India, GAIL, Tata Motors, ITC, Mahindra and Mahindra, Tata Power, Tata Steel, SBI and Bharti Airtel logged gains, thereby cushioning the fall to some extent.
Out of the 30-share Sensex, 16 stocks closed with losses while 14 others finished higher.
"Midcaps and small caps continued to attract buying. Recovery in global markets and easing crude oil prices further boosted market sentiment, but limited upsides due to profit booking and indecision at higher levels," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
The mood seems to be cautious as participants were seen keeping positions restricted in view of the hearing of coal blocks allocation case in the Supreme Court, brokers said.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 1,162.98 crore yesterday, as per provisional data from the stock exchanges.
Sectorally, the BSE Realty sector index suffered the most by losing 1.11 per cent, followed by IT index 0.82 per cent, Oil & gas index 0.49 per cent, Capital Goods index 0.43 per cent and Banking index 0.21 per cent.
Bucking the trend, Consumer Durables index rose 1.75 per cent, FMCG index 0.86 per cent and Power index 0.59 per cent.
Globally, trend in other Asian markets remained mixed and the European markets were weak in opening trade.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IRS chiefs legal adviser spread word of missing e-mails to Treasury lawyerBy Josh Hicks September 9 Follow @reporter_hicks
Internal Revenue Service Commissioner John Koskinen testified this summer that he played no part in spreading word of the agency’s controversial missing e-mails to the Treasury Department or the White House. But one of his closest advisers apparently did.
Transcripts of closed-door testimony with the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee show that IRS attorney Catherine Duval acknowledged telling Treasury legal counsel Hannah Stott-Bumsted  about the matter. A Fox News affiliate first revealed the testimony in a report Monday .
Republican lawmakers have suggested that the IRS collaborated with the Treasury Department and the executive’s office to control damage from the IRS targeting scandal. The White House learned about the missing e-mails in April, two months before the IRS informed the congressional committees that had requested the records for investigations.
IRS Commissioner John Koskinen testifies on Capitol Hill in Washington, Wednesday, July 23, 2014, before the House Oversight and Government Reform Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Job Creation, and Regulatory Affairs hearing on the IRS’ response to the targeting of conservative organizations. (AP Photo)
Duval and Stott-Bumsted worked together at a D.C. law firm before joining the government. They’re also friends, according to Duval.
“I was seeking to have a conversation with a colleague,” Duval said. “I think that talking to appropriate colleagues about issues that you’re working on can sharpen your thinking.”
Duval added: “I don’t think that Commissioner Koskinen would be surprised that I was talking to Ms. Stott-Bumsted. But Commissioner Koskinen would not know about particular conversations or the content of particular conversations.”
Duval’s testimony provides a starting point for congressional investigators who want to determine whose e-mails to check for evidence of potential collaboration between the White House, the Treasury Department and the IRS. They now know to start with Duval and Stott-Bumsted.
Koskinen testified in June that he did not direct anyone to talk to Treasury or the White House about the missing e-mails. During the hearing, he practically challenged Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), who heads the House oversight panel, to prove otherwise.
Issa asked Koskinen at one point in the hearing whether he “caused” anyone at the White House, Treasury Department or the IRS inspector general’s office to find out about the missing e-mails. The IRS chief said: “I did not, and if you have any evidence of that, I’d be happy to see it.”
The Treasury Department has distanced itself from the targeting scandal, saying in a letter to Congress in June that there is “no evidence” of the agency being involved in the IRS’s inappropriate actions, which involved applying extra scrutiny to certain nonprofit advocacy groups based on their names and policy positions.
READ MORE:

Livelihood right can t be exercised by duping others: CourtThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Airtel services down in parts of J&KAirtel services down in parts of J&K
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 9:  
Bharti Airtel said the company's network has been down in some parts of Jammu & Kashmir due to the unprecedented floods.
Airtel said it has managed to revive several parts of the network. The company is constantly monitoring the situation and working with the authorities to normalise the services in the affected areas at the earliest possible.
In a filing to the stock exchange, the company said that the temporary disruption would not cause any material loss in revenues or to its assets.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Sensex down 92 points; IT  realty stocks major losersSensex sheds 55 points on profit booking
Our Bureau
Realty, IT stocks major losers
Mumbai, Sept 9:  
Sensex dipped by 55 points on profit booking.
The benchmark index opened marginally lower at 27,316 against the previous close of 27,320. It made a high of 27,328 and low of 27,177 before closing at 27,265. Turnover on BSE was down at Rs 3,427 crore against Rs 3,602 crore logged in on Monday.
On NSE, Nifty was down 21 points at 8,153.
Ashok Leyland jumped five per cent to Rs 41 after the company said it has bagged orders worth about Rs 1,500 crore to supply buses under JNNURM-II scheme.
Cipla gained two per cent to Rs 575. The company on Monday said it has entered into a commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. The collaboration will enable Cipla to focus on its core therapy areas, while S&D Pharma will be the key partner for generics, it said.
Most aviation stocks gain on consistent fall in crude oil prices. SpiceJet was up four per cent at Rs 14 while Jet Airways was up three per cent at Rs 224.
The major gainers were Ashok Leyland (5%), NHPC (5%), Idea Cellular (5%), Bhushan Steel (5%), Jain Irrigation (5%) and Wockhardt (4%).
Prominent losers were Sobha (-4%), Unitech (-3%), Torrent Power (-3%), Nalco (-3%), GSPL (-3%) and Bata India (-2%).
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

India not blocking rule-based global trade: NarendraModiPrint
During the meeting with da Silva, Modi said India wants active participation of FAO in addressing the emerging challenges in Indian agriculture. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:14 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 4:49 pm
Weeks after India was accused of blocking WTO talks over food subsidy issue, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said the country does not stand in the way of rule-based global trade but the interests of its poor and farmers cannot be sacrificed.
He conveyed India’s position to visiting Director General of the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) Jose Graziano da Silva whom he urged to take the lead in protecting the interests of the poor and farmers at the World Trade Organisation.
During the meeting with da Silva, Modi said India wants active participation of FAO in addressing the emerging challenges in Indian agriculture and in designing a special campaign targeted at women in India, which would highlight ways to improve nutritional value and food habits.
“India does not stand in the way of a rule-based global trade agreement, but India cannot sacrifice the interests and food security of the poor and the farmers,” Modi said when da Silva called on him, according to a PMO statement.
In the WTO talks in Geneva in July, India had taken a tough stance on the issue of foodgrain holding and food subsidy after which the US blamed it for failure of the negotiations.
The 160 members of WTO had gathered there to adopt a treaty to simplify, standardise and streamline the rules for shipping goods across borders, having previously agreed to its terms at a ministerial conference on the Indonesian resort island of Bali last December.
However, India refused to agree to the text because it wanted more attention paid to its concerns over WTO limits on stockpiling of food which will ultimately hit its subsidised food distribution programme, the world`s largest, targeted at nearly 850 million people.
India does not stand in the way of a rule-based global trade agreement, but India cannot sacrifice the interests and food security of the poor and the farmers

Manjhi rules out CBI probe in medicine purchasescamManjhi said that a probe was already going on in the medicine purchase scam and those founding guilty will not be spared. ( Source: Express photo )
PTI | Patna | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:04 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 4:21 pm
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi, on Tuesday, virtually ruled out recommending a CBI probe in medicine purchase scam and said that the state agencies were capable of probing into it and bring culprits to book.
The state investigative agencies are capable of probing medicine purchase scam and bring culprits to book, he told reporters in reply to a question whether the state government was mulling recommending a CBI probe in the matter. Manjhi said that a probe was already going on in the medicine purchase scam and those founding guilty will not be spared.
Trashing accusations being made by the BJP that the medicine purchase scam had taken place during the former chief minister Nitish Kumar’s tenure, Manjhi categorically denied the charge and sought to turn the table on the main opposition saying that the tenure of its minister was also under scrutiny as that of the period of other ministers who held the health portfolio.
The role of the state health society officials was also under scanner in the purchase of medicines, Manjhi said. A probe panel headed by the Additional Director (Health) K K Singh has indicted the Bihar Medical Services Infrastructure Corporation Limited (BMSICL) Managing Director Praveen Kishore and eight other senior officials for the medicine purchase scam.
The report disclosed that drugs worth Rs 14.4 crore out of total Rs 60 crore purchased during January and July this year were bought at inflated prices in comparison to the rate fixed by the State Health Society Bihar (SHSB). Making the report public last week, Health Minister Ramdhani Singh had said that stern action will be taken against those found guilty in the medicine purchase scam.

Erickshaws are illegal  ban to continue:HCPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:04 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 4:32 pm
The Delhi High Court on Tuesday said plying of erickshaws in the national capital is illegal as per existing law and the ban on their operation will continue till Central government frames rules to regulate them.
A bench of Justices Badar Durrez Ahmed and Siddharth Mridul upheld its ban on erickshaws, saying “What is prohibited under the law cannot be permitted”.
The bench said it cannot issue a writ of mandamus to legalise what is illegal as per the existing law.
The bench also said “we cannot anticipate legislative changes” and left it to the Central government to frame rules for plying of erickshaws.
It said the review petition by Battery Rickshaw Welfare Association against the court’s July 31 ban has now become infructuous.
The court’s judgement came on the plea of social activist Shanawaz Khan filed through advocate Sugrive Dubey, seeking a ban on erickshaws. The plea had said “no person without valid licence be allowed to ply erickshaws”.
The plea had contended that erickshaws had no registration numbers and the vehicles were putting passengers at risk.
In three months, around 200 accident cases , including two fatalities, have been registered, the plea had said, adding that erickshaws should not be allowed to ply as they are “high risk vehicles”.
The court had on August 29 fixed the matter for order after the counsel for all the concerned parties including the Centre, Battery Rickshaw Welfare Association and petitioner Shanawaz Khan, on whose plea plying of erickshaws was banned, concluded their arguments.
During the last hearing, Additional Solicitor General (ASG) Pinky Anand, appearing for the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, had sought a direction to vacate the court’s July 31 order while saying that they have submitted the draft rules before the Law Ministry.
ASG Anand, along with advocates Balendu Shekhar and S N Parashar, had sought that erickshwas be allowed to ply till October 15, saying by that time they will be able to bring an amendment in the rules.
The Centre had also placed before the court its proposal of the directions it is seeking from the court to allow plying of erickshaws on city roads.
Earlier the traffic police, in an affidavit filed before the court, had raised serious concerns over the accidents involving erickshaws and said that unregulated operation of the battery-operated vehicles tends to cause traffic problems on the roads.
It had also said that as the operation of erickshaws is not regulated under the Motor Vehicles Act (MVA), police are unable to prosecute the drivers.
On August 21, the court had refused to pass any interim order to permit their operation.
On July 31, it had banned plying of erickshaws on city roads on the plea that alleged that these vehicles which are designed to ferry only four people including the driver, carry more than eight people at a time, endangering their lives.
While banning them, the court had observed that erickshaws are illegally running on Delhi roads and “prima facie a hazard to other traffic as well citizens”.
Thereafter, Battery Rickshaw Welfare Association had sought a review of continued…

Israel navy arrests Gaza fishermen: GazaofficialPress Trust of India | Gaza City | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:03 pm
An official in the Gaza Strip says the Israeli navy has arrested four Palestinian fishermen and seized their boat in one of the first instances of friction between the sides since the Gaza war ended last month.
Nizar Ayyash of the Gaza Fishermen’s Union says the incident occurred today off the northern Gaza town of Beit Lahiya. Israel recently doubled the maritime area in which Gaza fishermen are permitted to operate from five to nine kilometers (three to six miles).
The Israeli military says it’s looking into the report. Israel and Hamas-led militants in Gaza ended 50 days of intensive fighting on August 26 and committed to enter into indirect truce talks in Cairo aimed at developing a sustainable roadmap for the future of the densely-populated coastal territory.

Intex Cloud Fx Firefox phone review: Cheap cannot be goodalwaysPrint
The Cloud Fx is more like a trophy won by Intex. Yes, they might have won the trophy by making the cheapest smartphone in India. But then is it usable?
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:00 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 7:05 pm
Intex launched a breakthrough (in terms of price only) mobile handset along with Firefox last month called Cloud Fx smartphone. Touted as the cheapest available smartphone in India, it is targeted to those who are using a feature phone and wishes to upgrade to a smartphone.
The mission of Intex and Firefox is very clear- empower people to connect to Internet through the cheapest possible device. So, in a way, both the brands have accomplished it. However, is it enough?  Can both the brands grab the mind share of users who are still using an alpha-numeric keypad-based handset or a Nokia Asha?
While Internet connectivity is just one aspect of a smartphone. The Intex Cloud Fx will not able to satisfy the multimedia needs of most users. We cannot blame Intex given the phone is priced at just Rs, 1,999.
Even if users stay contended with the fact that they are getting the most out of a smartphone priced just Rs. 1,999, one thing is certain that he or she will soon feel like buying a better device. I t’s purely a bait to draw people into buying a low cost smartphone first and then spend more in the future to get a better device for a better experience.
Who should think of buying this device?
The majority of mobile users in India are still using a feature phone. So, there are plenty of mobile users out there who are looking at grabbing this opportunity to get a smartphone at a cheap price. However, if you are expecting anything great, then don’t.
If you are on a real tight budget and cannot spend anything more and you want the comfort of using a feature phone and wish to check your E-mail, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ , etc and surf the Internet occasionally then it might suit you. Music, FM radio, basic games works fine. However, the camera is just for the namesake and you might as well forget it.
Remember, the smartphone supports 2.5 G connectivity only. So, Internet browsing speeds are expected to be slow and depends on the service provider.
Intex Cloud FX without Internet
Without Internet connectivity, the device works as a normal feature phone. However, you cannot open social apps like Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc in offline mode but you can access your E-mail account.
Key specs: 3.5-inch capacitive display,1 GHz processor, 2 MP rear camera, Firefox OS, WiFi, Edge, BlueTooth, G-sensor, 1250 mAh battery
Price: Rs. 1,999. Add the price of a 4GB microSD card if you don’t have one.
Included accessories: in-ear plugs, USB cable with charging adapter.
Design: Looks simple. The build quality is decent. The front face of the device features a 3.5-inch display along with one capacitive home button located at the middle just below the screen. At the back, the device mounts a 2 MP camera. The back cover is removable and users will have to remove the battery to get access to the microSD card slot and the two SIM card slots. Overall, the device offers good grip and is light weighted.
Display: Very basic. Viewing angles are, of course, bad given it’s a low-cost phone. Nothing much to comment about it.
Performance: The device is powered by a 1 GHz processor. It is not meant for multitasking at all. I tried listening to music while surfing the Internet but after opening just two tabs, the device froze completely. I experience several lags while operating the device, especially, when closing a particular app.
Coming to application performance, surprisingly, I couldn’t download any app from the Marketplace at a single go. After 50 per cent, the download stops automatically and a shortcut gets created. On opening the shortcut, the app starts to download again. In fact, few apps never got downloaded. Downloading applications from the marketplace is a pathetic experience.
Performance of this device might easily frustrate any average user. The phone appears to work smooth only when used to take or make calls, listen to music or FM Radio and a bit of Internet usage.
We understand that it’s a low-cost device; however, sometimes users might feel that they are better off with a feature phone or Nokia Asha because the experience on such devices is pretty stable.
Camera: Forget that the device comes with a camera. In bright sunlight, you expect some form of images to get captured. However, when in-doors or in medium to low lighting conditions, everything appears to be blackish. What else can you expect from a 2 MP camera?
Connectivity: No issues as such with basic connectivity. However, you might expect sudden drops in Internet connectivity while using .
Apps: The Firefox OS is pretty nascent and for this device, you will not find many popular apps . There is no direct WhatsApp application. You can use WhatsApp via third party apps via ConnectA2 or Loqui IM. However, it’s pretty unstable and unpredictable. Games available for this device are very basic.
Apps make or break the experience of a smartphone OS. As of now, there are not much of applications available to woo users.
Storage: Internal memory is very low. You get only around 60 MB. So, you will have to get a microSD card. The device supports up to 4 GB microSD cards only.
Battery: The device is powered by a 1250 mAh battery. The battery backup is decent.
Verdict: The Cloud Fx is more like a trophy won by Intex. Yes, they might have won the trophy by making the cheapest smartphone in India. But then is it usable? Is it worth spending your hard earned Rs. 2,000 on this phone? Well, tough to say yes because you will feel like moving back to your old feature phone soon or would want to buy a better device, preferably Android.
If you really want a smartphone then it is better to save a bit more money and opt for a low cost Android device.
Got any specific query? Feel free to ask at the comment section below. Also, please share your experience with the Intex Cloud Fx smartphone if you have one.

Jungle Book writer to work on Top Gun2Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:00 pm
Justin Marks, the writer of Disney’s upcoming film ‘The Jungle Book’, is reportedly in talks to pen the screenplay for sequel of the 1986 Tom Cruise ‘Top Gun’.
Cruise, 52, is slated to return as ace pilot Maverick in a story that aims to show the relevance of good old fashioned pilots in today’s high-tech, drone-centric war environment, said The Hollywood Reporter.
Peter Craig, the scribe who wrote Ben Affleck’s ‘The Town’, penned the previous draft a couple of years ago. The project was shelved when Tony Scott, the director of the original film and who was to direct the sequel, committed suicide in 2012.

Twitter reactions to Saeed AjmalssuspensionPrint
Express News Service | Posted: September 9, 2014 3:59 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 4:40 pm
Ace Pakistani off-spinner Saeed Ajmal was indefinitely suspended by the ICC for his illegal bowling action. According to the ICC rulebook the elbow can be bent no more than 15 degrees, Ajmal was suspended for exceeding the 15 degrees of freedom offered to a bowler.
Wow – Ajmal banned! Never nice to see fellow professionals going through a tough time…hopefully he’s back soon!
— Kevin Pietersen (@KP24) September 9, 2014
Chuckers should have no place in the game but If ICC finds ALL Ajmal deliveries illegal now what was it doing for so many years?

Saeed Ajmal vows to return clean  says can correct bendingelbowSaeed Ajmal has about five months to correct his action and appeal for a reassessment in order to play in the World Cup (Source: AP/File)
Reuters | Karachi | Posted: September 9, 2014 3:52 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 5:57 pm
Banned Pakistani off-spinner Saeed Ajmal has vowed to correct his illegal bowling action and return to cricket before next year’s World Cup in Australia and New Zealand.
The International Cricket Council (ICC) banned the 36-year-old earlier on Tuesday after biomechanic tests revealed all his deliveries breached the permissible limit for straightening of the elbow joint.
“The ban is not a problem for me right now. The ICC has stopped me from bowling because my elbow is bending beyond the 15 degrees allowed by the ICC and I know I can correct that,” Ajmal told Reuters.
“It is very disappointing to know the results of the tests but I am a fighter and I know what I have to do to get back into international cricket before the World Cup,” he said.
Ajmal, who turns 37 next month, said he was open to approaching former players to help him correct his action which was first reported in 2009.
“Playing in the World Cup and doing well for Pakistan is a dream for me and I am not going to give up on that,” said Ajmal, who has been Pakistan’s top spinner in all formats.
Ajmal has about five months to correct his action and appeal for a reassessment in order to play in the World Cup.
Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) chairman Shaharyar Khan conceded it was a big jolt coming less than six months before next year’s 50-over marquee event.
“Obviously it is a big shock for us when we are preparing for the World Cup. But we are waiting for the final report and we can appeal in two weeks time against the ICC decision.”
He said the ban followed change in ICC protocol on testing bowlers with suspect actions.
“Other bowlers from other countries are also being reported but what is surprising is most of them are off-spinners like Saeed,” he said.
“We have to see what is the best we can do for Saeed and what is best for Pakistan cricket.”
Khan felt someone like former pace bowler Waqar Younis, who is the head coach of the team, can help Ajmal emerge from the episode.
BACK-UP PLAN
Chief selector Moin Khan hopes Ajmal will quickly get his action cleared but was also working on a back-up plan.
“We have time before the World Cup, so Saeed can sort out his bowling action issues but we have also already called up two or three promising spinners to the National Cricket Academy to have a look at them,” he said.

On a writers trailUpdated: September 9, 2014 16:22 IST
On a writer’s trail
SRAVASTI DATTA
CHARACTERS IN SEARCH OF A PLAYWRIGHT In the metaphysical realm
TOPICS
Ajay Krishnan’s Touching and Moving has been explored in-depth by director Vinod Ravindran
If it is an Ajay Krishnan play, you can expect a witty script, layered with meaning.
Writer of acclaimed plays such as Trivial Disasters, Butter and Mashed Banana, among others, Ajay’s Touching and Moving, which was shortlisted for the 2009 MetroPlus Playwright Award, directed by Vinod Ravindran, will be staged this week.
Presented by Rangabhoomi, a SAP Labs theatre group, Touching and Moving is about Anand Narayan, a writer, whose stories start coming alive. Vinod, over phone, explains the plot. “It revolves around a meta-fictional idea that is taken a few steps forward. At one level, there are characters trying to talk to the writer and figure out their roles. At another level, there are real life people who share the same stories as the characters. They realise that the writer has answers they are searching for, and that he must give them the answers. There is also some idea of a time-space-loop in the play.”
This is the first time that Vinod is directing a play written by someone else. “I spoke to Ajay a few times about the characters. But there is no point with the writer and director working together and just getting one idea of the play. The play has within it several possibilities at one time, which I have explored,” says Vinod, whose original plays such as Somewhat like a Balloon and Raja Tantra Choo Mantra have been very successful. The cast includes 10 actors from Rangabhoomi. “They are passionate about doing plays. They have day jobs and rehearse in the evenings. They’re intense and give it their all,” says Vinod of the actors.
As a director, Vinod says he likes to create plays for himself. “If I already know what the play is, then I get easily bored. I like to search possibilities that are beyond the obvious. For example, if I want the audience to feel a sense of loneliness or melancholy, I wouldn’t depict it in the obvious way of a man sitting on a rock, by the seaside, looking ahead. Instead, I would look at several possibilities to create that sense of sadness.”
In Touching and Moving, too, Vinod has used a projector to convey the idea of surrealism. “We’ve made a few themes to bring that alive. I want to leave the audience with the sense that something is altered.”
Touching and Moving will be staged at Jagriti Theatre, Whitefield on September 10 at 3pm and on September 11 at 3 pm and 8 pm. Tickets cost Rs. 250 and are available at the venue and on bookmyshow.com. Call 9964571957.

Coal block ruling: SC reserves order on fate of 218 blocksSep 09, 2014, 06.25 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
SC reserves order on fate of 218 illegal coal blocks
The government at the hearing on September 1, left it to the apex court to decide the fate of these coal blocks, held as illegal by it, while stating that about 40 blocks are operational and another six are ready to produce 50 million tonnes coal in the current year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SC reserves order on fate of 218 illegal coal blocks
The government at the hearing on September 1, left it to the apex court to decide the fate of these coal blocks, held as illegal by it, while stating that about 40 blocks are operational and another six are ready to produce 50 million tonnes coal in the current year.
Post your opinion here
06:00 pm
The Supreme Court has reserved its order in the coal block allocation case and has also refrained from giving any specific date to pass the order. The apex court heard the final arguments today to determine the fate of 218 coal blocks awarded since 1993 which it has termed as "illegal" and "unconstitutional."
The apex court heard the final arguments today to determine the fate of 218 coal blocks awarded since 1993 which it has termed as " illegal" and "unconstitutional ".
Power and coal producers asked the court to set up a judicial committee to review the coal blocks on a case-by-case basis before scrapping them. But the government is opposed to this idea as it will lead to further delay.
Coal and power minister Piyush Goyal said just two days back that the government wants closure and not any further delays.
While there isn’t much clarity on the issue of when the order might come, but it would be at the same time. September 27 will be an important date as that is when Chief Justice Lodha will be retiring.
The government also made its case to save 40 out of these 218 blocks that are currently operational. Power and coal producers asked the court to set up a Judicial Committee to review the coal blocks on a case-by-case basis before scrapping them, but the apex court is not in favour of doing the same. The court said it does not want to go through the long drawn process of appointing a judicial panel.
The government at the hearing on September 1, left it to the apex court to decide the fate of these coal blocks, held as illegal by it, while stating that about 40 blocks are operational and another six are ready to produce 50 million tonnes coal in the current year.
The affidavit filed by the Ministry of Coal incorporated the statements made by the Attorney General Mukul Rohtagi on September 1 that the Centre has "no objection" to the cancellation of allocations declared as illegal by the apex court and was also not insisting on any particular course of action.
The ministry placed before it the gist of information about mining lease, commencement of production and linked End-Use Production (EUP) investment received from allocatees of these 40 productional coal mines and six on verge of production. Out of 40 functional mines, two are allocated to an Ultra Mega Power Project (UMPP), which has not been declared as illegal by August 25 judgement, it said.
RELATED NEWS

US yeilds may rise to 3.25 percent: UBSSep 09, 2014, 03.52 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
US yeilds may rise to 3.25 percent: UBS
Geoffrey Dennis of UBS continues to expect US yields to rise to 3.25% and a broad dollar rally to €1.25 by year-end.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
US yeilds may rise to 3.25 percent: UBS
Geoffrey Dennis of UBS continues to expect US yields to rise to 3.25% and a broad dollar rally to €1.25 by year-end.
Post your opinion here

MCX Goldpetal November contract trades flatSep 09, 2014, 03.54 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
MCX Goldpetal November contract trades flat
Goldpetal prices on MCX were trading flat on Tuesday. MCX Goldpetal November contract was trading at Rs 2790 up Rs 3, or 0.11 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MCX Goldpetal November contract trades flat
Goldpetal prices on MCX were trading flat on Tuesday. MCX Goldpetal November contract was trading at Rs 2790 up Rs 3, or 0.11 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
At 15:43 hrs MCX GOLDPETAL September contract was trading at Rs 2786 up Rs 3, or 0.11 percent. The GOLDPETAL rate touched an intraday high of Rs 2788 and an intraday low of Rs 2779. So far 2026 contracts have been traded. GOLDPETAL prices have moved up Rs 111, or 4.15 percent in the September series so far.
MCX GOLDPETAL October contract was unchanged at Rs 2775. The GOLDPETAL rate touched an intraday high of Rs 2779 and an intraday low of Rs 2770. So far 597 contracts have been traded. GOLDPETAL prices have moved down Rs 73, or 2.56 percent in the October series so far.
MCX GOLDPETAL November contract was trading at Rs 2790 up Rs 3, or 0.11 percent. The GOLDPETAL rate touched an intraday high of Rs 2790 and an intraday low of Rs 2777. So far 123 contracts have been traded. GOLDPETAL prices have moved down Rs 50, or 1.76 percent in the November series so far.
RELATED NEWS

Miso Soup and Mackerel: Japan s Astronauts Get New Menu
Lessons from financial crisis prompt Moody s to overhaul bank ratingsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

First 5 no-frills airports to come up in 4 statesHi Guest
First 5 no-frills airports to come up in 4 states
The first five no-frills airports would come up in four states and the work would begin in the next six months. The airports, which have been shortlisted from 50 cities and towns in remote areas and various unconnected regions across the country, would come up at Tezu (Arunachal Pradesh), Kishangarh (Rajasthan), Jharsuguda (Odisha), Hubli and Belgaum (Karnataka), Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju told reporters in New Delhi on Tuesday. "Airports Authority of India has developed a ...

Over 42 000 evacuated in Jammu and KashmirThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Delhi HC directs government to change MV Act to allow e-rickshaws to plyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Delhivery Raises $35 Million Crore Investment; To Fund Expansion PlansThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Nifty is bullish n vl cross 8200 n head for 8280 in couple of sessions...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Raj i do agree with you to some extent. but my whole contentio...New Member
30 Followers
Wait for what? sir now you have been caught red handed, now I dont understand why are you defending yourself with some non viable reasons, you insult others as fake, what about yourself now? I was saying to BBH,  "preach what you practice, or else dont"!
6.04 PM Sep 9th

Thanks hs for sharing the link. we can now easily imagine how the lyco...Platinum Member
522 Followers
Shweat and all,  why people will fall head over heels for ybrant in the future in india? "is because it will not just be another ecommerce firm that does business at home but one that is targeting dollar revenues in the most sought after country / markets in the world and other geos like la. The proof for the above can be inferred from the link attached http://t. In. Com/6jvj
at some stage ybrant can leverage its indian connections in the us markets for distributing much sought after indian products and similarly bring good products from us to india and la. It can open up the floodgates for cross barter. Example: today when i want a good "glow in the dark paint" not stickers i will not get it in flipkart of myntra but i can get it in ebay india. This is what can differentiate yd from the rest of the pack. Guys i have thrown the gauntlet for discussion. Now it is all yours.

They block our money to use for loan damn banksCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

International Paper names Rampraveen Swaminathan as IP India presidentHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
International Paper names Rampraveen Swaminathan as IP India president
V Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 9:  
International Paper (NYSE: IP) today announced that Rampraveen Swaminathan has been named as President, IP India, effective November 1, 2014 and will continue to serve as Vice-President of International Paper.
Swaminathan will replace Michael W. Amick, Jr., who was promoted as Senior Vice-President, N.A. papers, pulp and consumer packaging. In his new role, Swaminathan will be responsible for International Paper’s business interests in India.
Swaminathan joined International Paper in 2012 as Managing Director and CEO of International APPM Ltd (IP-APPM). He became as International Paper Vice-President in 2013.
Swaminathan will continue to be responsible for IP-APPM’s operations in India. He is also the Chairman of IP India Foundation and serves as a member of the advisory board of the World Wildlife Fund (WWF).
The $29-billion revenue International Paper is a global leader in packaging and paper with manufacturing operations in North America, Europe, Latin America, Russia, Asia and North Africa.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Rosy mkt forecasts are back; and why you should ignore themSep 04, 2014, 09.29 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Rosy mkt forecasts are back; and why you should ignore them
Just as predicting earnings growth is difficult, predicting valuations is fraught with danger.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rosy mkt forecasts are back; and why you should ignore them
Just as predicting earnings growth is difficult, predicting valuations is fraught with danger.
Post your opinion here
Nazim Khan
moneycontrol.com
As the ongoing stock rally gathers pace, experts are increasingly becoming hopeful that this is a harbinger of a multi-year bull run that should create wealth for investors, and themselves.
A classic sign of any bull market is the increasing number of lofty forecasts that are made in a bid to attract apathetic investors to the great run. But very often, such predictions fall flat in the face of reality as the years go by, leading to much disillusionment.
In the history of forecasts, the most bizarre appeared in the US at the height of the dotcom bubble in 1999 when three books titled Dow 30,000, Dow 40,000 and Dow 100,000 were published in quick succession by three different authors -- with the numbers outlining the targets the Dow was expected to reach -- when the benchmark was trading at around 11,000 (and having already doubled in less than five years). Fifteen years on, the Dow is at around 17,000 levels.
Even in India, when the Sensex reached 21,000 in a crescendo-like move between 2005 and early 2008, there were several forecasts that pegged the next target for the benchmark at 30,000. The Sensex treaded water for the next six years, taking out the 21,000 comfortably only recently.
In the recent upmove, the Sensex has risen from about 18,500 levels to 27,000 currently in exactly a year (a near 50 percent move). Expectedly, analysts have upgraded both their earnings forecasts as well targets for the Sensex sharply over the past year or so.
Recently, Raamdeo Agrawal, joint managing director of Motilal Oswal, told CNBC-TV18 he expects the Nifty to reach 10,000 around the time of the Budget. Given that the Nifty and the Sensex benchmark values have historically had a ratio of about 3.3, this works out to a target for the latter at 33,000.
That’s not all. Several brokerages and advisory firms have recently put out various long-term targets for the Sensex.
HDFC Bank’s investment advisory division recently said it expects the Sensex to reach 40,000 by March 2017.
In an interview with the Business Line, BNP Paribas managing director CJ George said he expects the Sensex to reach 60,000 by March 2018.
While Karvy recently put out a much-discussed Sensex target of 1,00,000 by March 2020.
Most of these forecasts are based upon a specific framework of assumptions of earnings growth and valuations.
For instance, the earnings-per-share (EPS) for the Sensex stood at about Rs 1,300 in FY14. In March 2014, the Sensex was trading at about 22,500. This implied a trailing price-to-earnings multiple of about 17.2.
While forecasting long-term targets for a benchmark, analysts assume its earnings would grow at a certain percentage and it would trade at a specific multiple.
The earnings growth itself are often based upon certain assumptions for GDP growth (so, many analysts expect India’s nominal GDP growth to climb about 15 percent for several years ahead: 7-8 percent real growth plus 6-7 percent inflation) and assume that earnings of bluechip companies could top GDP growth by some percentage points.
For instance, in the case of Karvy’s forecasts, it assumes earnings to grow at about 25 percent while forward earnings multiples (projected for the year ahead) would stay at 17 times.
If the Sensex’s earnings was to grow 25 percent each year from FY14, it would stand at about Rs 6,200 in FY21. A forward multiple of 17 times would ensure the Sensex trades at a little above 1,00,000 in March 2020.
But here’s the problem. Just as the stock market tends to not move up in a straight line, earnings of companies too do not.
For instance, below is the chart for EPS growth for the Sensex since 1990. Over the long term, EPS has grown at an average 15 percent but this performance is marked by several years of superlative and underwhelming growth, alternatively.
As seen in the chart, earnings growth for the Sensex has been very volatile, often bearing little correlation with actual GDP growth, which tends to be more linear. In each of the six-year periods between FY90-FY96, FY96-02, FY02-08 and FY08-14, growth has averaged 28.7 percent, -0.96 percent, 23.4 percent and 7.7 percent, respectively.
While 25 percent earnings growth is not unachievable and Indian companies have grown by that much in the past as can be seen above, that it may on average grow by exactly that much in the years ahead could be a risky bet.
Also, as a forecast goes further far out into the future, it becomes greatly difficult to accurately take into account any of the number of variables that could end up affecting it.
For instance, in this 2010 interview, an expert who had "seen the 2008 crisis" predicted the Sensex could reach 50,000 levels by 2015 . This was based upon a certain set of assumptions: "that the Indian economy would grow at an average of 8.5 percent per year until December 2015, if there is no double-dip recession in developed countries, if the Indian rupee continues to trade around Rs 46 to the US dollar".
Four years later, none of the scenarios panned out. The Sensex is almost half-way to the 50,000 mark.
The problem is compounded further by the fact that the Sensex, or any stock index in the world, keeps moving well below and above its mean average PE multiple.
As seen in the chart below, even if we do not take into account the frothy valuations during the 1992 Harshad Mehta bubble (where one could consider an inefficient market was driven by an outright fraud), the stock market has gyrated between PE ratios of 11 and 29.
While the long-term average PE ratio for the Indian market stands at 15 times, investors generally consider any level between 12 and 18 as “fairly valued”. And in the short term, driven by factors such as liquidity or sentiment, it is clear, as has been seen in the past, the market could trade at about any earnings multiple it wants to.
Even if an analyst were to accurately forecast that EPS would grow by exactly 25 percent from FY14 to FY16 (from Rs 1300 to Rs 2030), it would be difficult if not impossible to predict at which multiple the market could trade at in March 2015.
So, given a hypothetical EPS of Rs 2,030 in FY16, it is entirely concievable the market could choose to trade at 24,000 levels (forward multiple of 12) or 36,000 (multiple of 18): valuations in either case will be considered “reasonable”.
RELATED NEWS

Avoid a Knee-Fight  Pick the Right SeatJohn Brecher / NBC News
Fasten seat belt sign on a Boeing 737 of American Airlines.
Whether you're looking to exercise your right to recline or hoping to avoid squashed knees, it pays to pick the right seat.
In recent weeks, passenger fights over reclining seats have diverted three flights—a Delta flight from New York to West Palm Beach, Florida, a United flight from Newark, New Jersey, to Denver, and an American flight from Miami to Paris. Paying up for extra legroom isn't a  cure-all: In two of the three recent incidents, passengers were sitting  in such premium seats.
To avoid a tight squeeze—and avoid paying expensive additional charges for extra space—look to seat maps on sites such as SeatGuru.com or SeatExpert.com. Dimensions for basic economy seats can vary widely, and the difference in fares may be less than the fee to upgrade. "On JetBlue, even the seats that you don't pay for have more legroom than others," said George Hobica, founder of AirfareWatchdog.com. 
SeatGuru.com
Sites will also warn you off seats that have space constraints, like those ahead of exit rows that won't fully recline, or that are a little narrower because the tray table is in the armrest.
If all that's left at booking is the dreaded middle seat, check back periodically to see if a better seat has opened up, Hobica said. Aisle seats often do, especially in the day or two before departure, as elite frequent fliers are offered upgrades or decide to use miles for them. "Usually the people who are upgraded have the better seats anyway," he said.
And if you are willing to pay for an upgrade? Price that in at the start, to better compare comfort and price. "People hate Spirit, but seriously, their Big Front Seat product is still cheaper than many airlines' economy seats," Hobica said. But don't necessarily grab the upgrade at booking. SeatGuru.com reports that premium economy prices can be significantly cheaper booked closer to departure—although you do risk missing out altogether.
Video: CNBC's Kelli Grant shares tips on how to pick the best airline seats.
© 2014 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved
Tags:

Nokia to bring 4G  3G phones at lower prices in IndiaNokia plans to bring 4G, 3G phones at lower prices in India
Prasoon Srivastava     Berlin   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 12:39 IST
A view of Microsoft and Nokia signs in Peltola, Oulu (Photo: Reuters)
Nokia, the former market leader, has indicated it may enter into a price war for 4G and 3G mobile phones as it struggles to regain the top position which it lost in 2012 to South Korea's Samsung, presently the largest selling brand in India.
"We want to continue to push price points lower and lower than anything we have today. That's the statement for both 3G and LTE (4G) because that is the thing which gives us scale of the ecosystem," Microsoft's Mobile Device Sales, Corporate Vice President Chris Weber told PTI in an interview.
US IT giant Microsoft now owns Nokia's mobile phone business. The company leadership position was adversely impacted mainly due to abundant flow of cheap Chinese phones.
Nokia's cheapest 4G phone Lumia 635 is priced around Rs 11,300 before taxes but it is not available in India.
"We are also trying to push price point even lower on LTE devices like 635 to take advantage of that (Indian telecom operators plan to launch 4G services) opportunity. The goal is to make sure that we have a full portfolio that plays in to that opportunity," Weber said.
The company has plans to launch its latest 4G-enabled phone Lumia 830 priced at around Rs 26,000 before taxes by October, as per sources.
Microsoft Devices also unveiled another 4G-enabled handset Lumia 735 priced at around Rs 17,500 but sources were not sure about the company's plan to launch this model in India.
Shortage of affordable devices to access 4G services has been identified as one of the main reason for many telecom operators not rolling out 4G network in the country.
Consumers may get about 10-12 times more Internet speed on mobile phones in 4G compared to the average speed they get using 3G services.
Reliance Jio Infocomm holds pan India broadband wireless spectrum, which can be used for 4G services, since mid 2010.
The company has announced its plan to launch the latest telecom service in 2015. As per rules, 2015 is the last year for all companies who won BWA spectrum to roll out services in at least 90 per cent of the service areas, failing which the Department of Telecom will have the right to withdraw the radio waves.
Other holders of this spectrum include Tikona Digital and Augere, who are yet to start their services. Aircel has announced launch of its 4G service in 6 service areas against eight circles where it holds BWA spectrum.
Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular, Reliance Jio, Aircel, Reliance Communications and Telewings (Uninor) in February won spectrum in 1800 Mhz band cumulatively for Rs 37,572.60 crore.
Airtel, Reliance Jio, Vodafone and Idea have plans to provide 4G services in the 1800 Mhz band, which has been used so far for providing 2G services.
Weber said that Microsoft Devices has been discussing with Indian telecom operators for partnerships.
"We have lot of conversations going on with operators but specifically we are very bullish on LTE opportunity in India.
Our conversation had been quite productive," Weber said.
As per market research firm International Data Corporation (IDC), Nokia was the third largest player in the second quarter of 2014 in the Indian mobile phone market with a 10 per cent market share. Samsung topped the chart with 17 per cent, closely followed by Indian brand Micromax with 14 per cent share.

Suzuki Swift crosses 4mn mark globallyNew Delhi, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 8, 2014 12:54 IST
Suzuki Swift crosses 4mn mark globally
PTI
Special Arrangement Suzuki Swift reached cumulative worldwide sales of 4 million units in August 2014 — nine years and nine months since the start of sales in 2004.
TOPICS
automobile
About half of the sales came from India, company's website stated.
Japan’s small car major Suzuki Motor Corporation has clocked four million milestone in total global sales of its successful premium hatchback Swift with about half of them coming from India.
According to information available on the company’s website, Swift, which was launched as a world strategic model in 2004, reached cumulative worldwide sales of four million units in August 2014 — nine years and nine months since the start of sales in 2004.
“Especially in India, ever since its launch in 2005, the Swift steadily increased its sales in line with the market expansion due to economic growth, such as by adding diesel variants and sedans. Of the four million units, units sold in India account for approximately half of them,” the company said.
At present the Swift is available in India priced between Rs. 4.42 lakh and Rs. 6.7 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi) in both petrol and diesel options.
The Swift was first produced and sold in Japan in November 2004. In the following year, production and distribution began in Hungary, India, and China.
Full-model change was made in 2010, and production and distribution also began in Thailand in March 2012.
Suzuki said out of the total global sales, 19 per cent were sold in Europe and 11 per cent in Japan.
In June 2008, the model crossed one million units in cumulative worldwide production and in January 2011 total global sales reached two million units.
Last year in January, Swift had reached the three million mark in cumulative worldwide sales.
The model is currently produced in eight countries worldwide and sold in more than 140 countries and regions around the world.

Jihadists want to create  house of blood : new UN rights chiefZeid Ra'ad Al Hussein lashed out at the Islamic State militant group, which has carved out a stronghold and declared a "caliphate" in an area straddling the border of the two conflict-torn nations. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Geneva | Posted: September 8, 2014 9:40 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 9:45 pm
The jihadist militants who have seized large swaths of Iraq and Syria are intent upon creating “a house of blood”, the UN’s new human rights chief said on Monday.
In his maiden address to the UN Human Rights Council, Zeid Ra’ad Al Hussein lashed out at the Islamic State militant group, which has carved out a stronghold and declared a “caliphate” in an area straddling the border of the two conflict-torn nations.
“The Takfiris (extremists) who recently murdered (US journalist) James Foley and hundreds of other defenceless victims in Iraq and Syria, do they believe they are acting courageously, barbarically slaughtering captives?” the Jordanian prince told the opening of the council’s 27th session in Geneva.
The massacres, beheadings, rape and torture attributed to IS militants “reveal only what a Takfiri state would look like, should this movement actually try to govern in the future,” said Zeid, the first Muslim and Arab to serve as UN High Commissioner of Human Rights.
“It would be a harsh, mean-spirited house of blood, where no shade would be offered, nor shelter given to any non-Takfiri in their midst,” warned the career diplomat.
“In the Takfiri mind … there is no love of neighbour, only annihilation to those Muslims, Christians, Jews and others — altogether the rest of humanity — who believe differently to them,” Zeid said.
He urged the world to make halting the “increasingly conjoined conflicts in Iraq and Syria” an “immediate and urgent priority.”
IS “has demonstrated absolute and deliberate disregard for human rights,” Zaid said, stressing that “the scale of its use of brute violence against ethnic and religious groups is unprecedented in recent times.”
He warned that attacks by the group motivated by ethnic background or religious beliefs may constitute “a crime against humanity, for which those responsible must be held accountable.”
Zeid’s speech to the UN’s 47-member council came a week after it held an emergency session on the jihadists, deciding to send a fact-finding mission to Iraq to document the extent of their abuses.
Zeid lashed out at Israel, stressing the need “to end persistent discrimination and impunity” in Gaza, where some 2,140 people were killed during the latest conflict.

Declining Likelihood of El Nino by Year-End: UNEMC to Submit Interim Report by Early January: Bimal Jalan
Geneva: The El Nino phenomenon, which sparks climate extremes around the globe, could take hold in the Pacific Ocean by the end of the year, but the likelihood has declined since June, the UN said on Monday.
There is now a 55-60 per cent likelihood that El Nino could begin between September and November and a 70 per cent chance that it will start from November to February, said the World Meterological Organization.
This marks a decline from the end of June, when the UN weather agency estimated there was an 80 per cent likelihood that El Nino, which can lead to droughts in some parts or the world and heavy rains in others, would take hold towards the end of the year.
"Ocean temperature anomalies along the equator have decreased over the past two months," WMO said in a statement.
El Nino occurs every two to seven years, when the prevailing trade winds that circulate over surface waters in the tropical Pacific start to weaken.
The phenomenon leaves countries like India, Indonesia and Australia drier, increasing chances of wildfires and lower crop production, while leading to heavier rainfall in the eastern Pacific and South American nations, raising the spectre of floods and landslides.
Ocean temperatures peaked at above a half a degree Celsius above average in May and June, leading experts to brace for the resurgence of El Nino.
But in July and August, "sea surface temperatures across much of the central and east-central tropical Pacific Ocean approached near normal conditions", WMO said.
Sea level pressure, cloudiness and trade winds had meanwhile "remained near neutral levels, indicating that El Nino conditions had not become established", the UN agency said.
Nonetheless, "the development of a weak El Nino event in the coming several months remains quite possible", it said, adding that a strong El Nino was not likely.
The last El Nino occurred between June 2009 and May 2010.
It is often followed by a return swing of the pendulum with La Nina, which is characterised by unusually cool ocean surface temperatures in the central and eastern tropical Pacific.
Scientists, who closely monitor the two climate patterns, say that while they are not caused by climate change, rising ocean temperatures caused by global warming may affect their intensity and frequency.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 22:29 (IST)

Will consider forming government if L-G opts for secret ballot: Delhi BJP chiefmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

McDonald s shares fall near two-year lowOak Brook-based McDonald’s is set to report its August sales results on Tuesday, including the closely-watched comparable sales, or sales at locations open at least 13 months.
Analysts anticipate that McDonald’s global comparable sales fell 3.1 percent last month, according to Consensus Metrix.
Such a decline would mark the third consecutive month of global declines for the restaurant giant. July’s 2.5 percent decline in global comparable sales matched McDonald’s performance in June. Those are the worst comparable sales McDonald’s posted since March 2003, when its global comparable sales plunged 3.7 percent.
Analysts anticipate that August same-store sales plunged 10.1 percent in the Asia/Pacific, Middle East and Africa region; fell 2.1 percent in Europe (which includes Russia) and fell 2 percent in the United States.
The Russian watchdog has said it ordered the McDonald’s closures for sanitary reasons, but they coincided with heightened tensions over the Ukraine crisis, in which the United States and European Union have imposed sanctions on Russia. Moscow has hit back by banning a wide range of Western food imports.
In early August, the company said its 2014 sales forecast was “now at risk” to be reduced further.
Through July, McDonald’s U.S. same-store sales had fallen in eight of the past nine months.
jwohl@tribune.com

Facebook market cap tops $200bnFacebook market value tops $200bn
By Tim Bradshaw
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ecc0f050-37a3-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Narendra Modi to meet Barack Obama on Sept 29-30BSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Market opens in red; Sensex down to 27296  Nifty plunge 14 pointsSep 09, 2014 at  04:47pm IST
Market closes in red; Sensex drops over 54 points; Nifty 21 points
1
0
Mumbai: Retreating from record highs, the Sensex and the Nifty on Tuesday fell by about 54 points and 21 points respectively on profit-booking in recent out-performers like ICICI Bank, Infosys, L&T and ONGC, amid caution in view of the hearing of coal blocks case in the Supreme Court.
The BSE Sensex, after shuttling between 27,328.27 and 27,177.09, ended with a loss of 54.53 points, or 0.20 per cent, to end at 27,265.32. Yesterday, the 30-share bluechip benchmark had ended at its all-time closing high of 27,319.85 after hitting intra-day high of 27,354.99. On similar lines, the NSE Nifty lost 20.95 points, or
0.26 per cent, to close at 8,152.95 after moving between 8,126.50 and 8,174.55. Its previous all-time closing high of 8,173.90 was hit yesterday after touching intra-day record high of 8,180.20.
Sensex on Tuesday droped over 54 points or 0.20 per cent to close at 27,265.32, Nifty also sliped nearly 21 points or 0.26 per cent to end at 8,152.95.
#sensex #nifty #markets #bse
Marked losses in recent gainers like L&T, BHEL, and Axis Bank also weighed on the market sentiment.
Selling was seen mostly across-the-board but shares like Cipla, Coal India, GAIL, Tata Motors, ITC, Mahindra and Mahindra, Tata Power, Tata Steel, SBI and Bharti Airtel logged gains, thereby cushioning the fall to some extent.
Out of the 30-share Sensex, 16 stocks closed with losses while 14 others finished higher.
"Midcaps and small caps continued to attract buying. Recovery in global markets and easing crude oil prices further boosted market sentiment, but limited upsides due to profit booking and indecision at higher levels," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
The mood seems to be cautious as participants were seen keeping positions restricted in view of the hearing of coal blocks allocation case in the Supreme Court, brokers said.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 1,162.98 crore yesterday, as per provisional data from the stock exchanges.
Sectorally, the BSE Realty sector index suffered the most by losing 1.11 per cent, followed by IT index 0.82 per cent, Oil & gas index 0.49 per cent, Capital Goods index 0.43 per cent and Banking index 0.21 per cent.
Bucking the trend, Consumer Durables index rose 1.75 per cent, FMCG index 0.86 per cent and Power index 0.59 per cent. Globally, trend in other Asian markets remained mixed and the European markets were weak in opening trade.
0

The case of the 78  vanishing firmsBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Just because the elevator doors are closed doesnt mean youre aloneBy Andrea Peterson September 8 Follow @kansasalps
The Baltimore Ravens have cut running back Ray Rice, and the NFL has suspended him indefinitely. (AP Photo/Nick Wass, File)
This has been a big year for elevator camera videos. First there was the leaked altercation between Jay-Z and his sister-in-law Solange Knowles. Last week the CEO of a sports and entertainment catering company was forced to step down after a video appeared to show him kicking a puppy in an elevator went viral.
And Monday, a video showing Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice punching his then-fiance inside the elevator of an Atlantic City Hotel surfaced courtesy of TMZ Sports. An earlier video appeared to show Rice dragging Janay Palmer's unconscious body out of the elevator, but that was from a camera on the outside. Rice had been given a two-game  suspension after the first video was released, but it wasn't until the video that shows him actually beating his now-wife surfaced that he was cut from the team .
All of these cases go to show that despite the veil of privacy that seems to descend once their doors close, elevators are still very much public places -- where activities may be monitored. Although it's unclear just how many elevators in the United States come equipped with cameras, there seems to always be a digital eye watching when someone prominent does something embarrassing or potentially criminal inside a lift.
Basically, the rules governing elevator cameras are no different from those that cover security cameras placed elsewhere on private property says Jay Stanley, a senior policy analyst with the American Civil Liberties Union, although he argues that elevator riders should receive some sort of notice -- perhaps a sign -- to indicate that they are under surveillance.
Private business owners are generally allowed to install cameras on their properties as long as they serve some legitimate business purpose -- such as deterring vandalism or theft -- and don't invade an individual's reasonable expectation of privacy.
"The key is that courts would not understand people to have a reasonable expectation of privacy in public spaces like elevators," says Danielle Citron, a professor at the University of Maryland School of Law. "Public bathrooms would be different, for instance." Cameras are usually only able to record video, because audio recording may run afoul of local wiretapping laws.
As recording technology advances, it is bringing new scrutiny to activities that occur in areas once thought of as private. Video recordings made in elevators may only occasionally leak out when the contents are newsworthy or scandalous, but it's difficult to say how many and which employees might have access to filmed content.
While it's hard to argue against the disclosures of alleged domestic abuse, it might be easier to feel discomfort about videos of you picking your nose when you thought no one was watching being passed around for laughs. So for now, it is probably best to assume someone is always watching you in the elevator.
But experts say the rapid development of surveillance technology means that elevators aren't the only once-"private" place where you are might be on camera.
"In an elevator there's this acute sense that when the doors close you feel the rest of the world is not watching you anymore -- and you don't notice the physical presence of something small like a camera," says Clemson University assistant professor Kelly Caine.
"Despite those cues, technology allows you to be observed at all times when the camera is rolling and that's limited to elevators," she explains. "The implications of that with the miniaturization of technology means we have to think about what that means in the privacy in everywhere those cameras might be placed -- from back yards to watch for burglars, to the inside of private residences where cameras might be placed to watch over elderly parents."
 
Andrea Peterson covers technology policy for The Washington Post, with an emphasis on cybersecurity, consumer privacy, transparency, surveillance and open government.

Power  metal shares weak ahead of Supreme Courts coal block decisionHome »   Money
SAIL, Bhel, Sesa Sterlite fall on fears of penalty in coal block allocations case
Shares fell on fears that heavy penalties or cancellations could sharply raise the cost of production and affect profits
India most-loved emerging market, finds BofA-ML fund manager survey
Banking shares also fell as many lenders have financed these power, mining and steel companies and if the apex court imposes a penalty or cancels the allocations, many loans could turn bad. Photo: Bloomberg
Mumbai: Shares of power, metal and banking companies declined ahead of the Supreme Court’s verdict in the coal block allocation case, expected later in the day.
The apex court had ruled on 25 August that all coal block allocations between 1993 and 2010 were illegal.
On 8 September, the government filed an affidavit in the Supreme Court, leaving the final decision to the court. The government also requested the court to spare 46 coal mines, of which 40 are functional and six are about to become operational.
Earlier, power minister Piyush Goyal had said that the government was not worried about cancellations, saying it would only lead to a short-term disruption of power generation. The government, Goyal had said, was ready to re-auction the blocks in such an eventuality.
Metal and power shares fell on fears that heavy penalties or cancellations could sharply raise the cost of production and affect profits.
Among metals companies, Steel Authority of India Ltd fell 1.30% to Rs.83.20, Sesa Sterlite Ltd fell 0.74% to Rs.281.70, while Hindalco Industries Ltd fell 0.69% to Rs.172.40.
Power companies were also hit. Torrent Power Ltd fell 3.12% to Rs.156.75, while Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd (Bhel) lost 1.09% to Rs.221.45.
Banking shares fell as many lenders have financed these power, mining and steel companies and if the apex court imposes a penalty or cancels the allocations, many loans could turn bad.

Government to formulate IPR policy soonIPR policy in the pipeline, says Nirmala Sitharaman
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 9, 2014  | 12:59 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The government will soon formulate a new policy on intellectual property rights (IPR) that will help in dealing with issues being raised by developed nations and protect India's interests.
At a press conference held here on Monday to highlight the government's performance in the first 100 days, commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman said that the ministry will soon have a think tank that will enable it to handle IPR issues more firmly.
"India does not have an IPR policy. This is the first time we are coming out with an IPR policy. IPR policy issues have been hanging fire for quite a long time," she said.
"The policy will give direction in terms of protecting IPR of India on which several issues are there. With the US, we have certain issues. India has become a brand in terms of pharma... We are very strong in IPR and we certainly want to protect our interest," Sitharaman added. "Developed nations are picking holes in India's IPR laws because it does not have any policy."
When asked about the timeline for the new policy, Sitharaman said that it may take about six months. Sitharaman also reiterated that the government is categorically against foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail and that there is no need to scrap the existing policy of 51-per cent.

Nifty struggles at 8150; Ceat  Apollo Tyres most activeSep 09, 2014, 12.58 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty struggles at 8150; Ceat, Apollo Tyres most active
Ceat, Sun TV Network, Wockhardt, Apollo Tyres, SBI, Tata Motors and Ashok Leyland were most active shares on exchanges.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty struggles at 8150; Ceat, Apollo Tyres most active
Ceat, Sun TV Network, Wockhardt, Apollo Tyres, SBI, Tata Motors and Ashok Leyland were most active shares on exchanges.
Post your opinion here
01:00pm Ashok Leyland in News
Ashok Leyland has received orders for 4000 buses from state transport undertakings (STUs) on Monday.
"A total of 22 STUs including Calcutta State Transport Corporation, Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation, AP State Transport Corporation and Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal have placed orders to the company," said the flagship company of Hinduja group. The orders were worth Rs 1,500 crore.
Ashok Leyland will offer a mix of JanBus, midi-buses and Ultra Low Entry buses as a part of 4000 buses orderd under JNNURM-II. The company has started supplying these buses.
12:45pm Market Expert
Dhananjay Sinha, head of institutional research at Emkay Global Financial Services says people or investors are now starting to get nervous while investing in stocks that have already run up. He says it is important to look at volumes behind the rally in midcap names.
According to him, investors are now treading with caution and that is the first sign of nervousness creeping into the market. He advises investors to look at larger cap and midcap quality names with good liquidity.
12:30pm Apollo Tyres in News
Apollo Tyres hit a record high of Rs 217.70 per share as the tyre manufacture is setting up a new plant in Hungary at an investment of 442.2 million euros (about Rs 3,450 crore) and the investment aid given by the country's government has been cleared by European Commission. The stock has been on buyers’ radar for some days as rubber prices have seen sharpest decline in five years.
According to the company, its project in Hungary involves investments of 442.2 million euros and is expected to create over 975 now jobs. It is to be carried out in Gyongyoshalasz, in Northern Hungary, the commission said in a statement.
12:15pm Interview
There is strong demand from truck companies and this could improve in the coming months as economic recovery gathers pace, says Subba Rao Amarthaluru, group CFO, RPG Group.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, he says overall sentiment in the sector is positive, thanks to weak rubber prices, and now easing crude prices.
Huge imports are keeping domestic rubber prices soft and lower cost of raw materials is helping boost CEAT’s operating profit margins, Subba Rao says.
He sees rubber prices rising 8-10 percent over the next few months, but expects the company’s operating expenses to remain stable. He sees current year revenues rising 8-10 percent, driven by strong growth in the December and March quarters, which are typically strong quarters for the company.
12:00pm The market continued to reel under marginal selling pressure due to profit booking after a percent rally in previous session. The Sensex lost 89.92 points to 27229.93 and the Nifty declined 31.65 points to 8142.25.
About 1362 shares have advanced, 1282 shares declined, and 87 shares are unchanged.
Ceat, Sun TV Network, Wockhardt, Apollo Tyres, SBI, Tata Motors and Ashok Leyland were most active shares on exchanges.
Shares of Infosys, ICICI Bank, L&T, Bajaj Auto, Wipro and Sesa Sterlite were prominent gainers in the Sensex whereas Cipla bucked the trend, up 2 percent after it announced a commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma to enter Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Top telecom operator Bharti Airtel rebounded, up 1 percent followed by ITC, Tata Motors, HDFC Bank, Dr Reddy's Labs, Coal India, Tata Power and M&M with 0.2-0.8 percent.
There is enough risk appetite among investors for small and mid cap shares even after the recent rally, feels Amit Rathi, Managing Director, Anand Rathi Securities.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Rathi said these stocks still had enough steam left. That is because while frontline indices like Nifty and Sensex are up 30 percent from their 2008 peaks, the mid-cap index is still flat and the small cap index is 25 percent below its previous peak.
11:00

Brigade Ent up 4%  Crisil sees 35-fold rise in FY16 PATSep 09, 2014, 02.15 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Brigade Ent up 4%, Crisil sees 35-fold rise in FY16 PAT
Crisil Research said the assigned fundamental grade reflects Brigade’s strong brand equity due to high quality construction, a track record of timely delivery of projects and the resultant established position in the Bengaluru real estate market, which is poised for robust growth.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Brigade Ent up 4%, Crisil sees 35-fold rise in FY16 PAT
Crisil Research said the assigned fundamental grade reflects Brigade’s strong brand equity due to high quality construction, a track record of timely delivery of projects and the resultant established position in the Bengaluru real estate market, which is poised for robust growth.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Brigade Enterprises climbed as much as 4 percent intraday Tuesday after Crisil Research assigned fundamental grade 4/5 to the stock. The grade indicates that the south-based company’s fundamentals are superior relative to other listed equity securities in India.
According to the report, the fair value of the stock is Rs 210 per share and at the current market price of Rs 131 per share, valuation grade is indicating that the market price has strong upside from the current levels.
Crisil Research said the assigned fundamental grade reflects Brigade’s strong brand equity due to high quality construction, a track record of timely delivery of projects and the resultant established position in the Bengaluru real estate market, which is poised for robust growth.
It expects absorption of residential and commercial projects to increase 7-10 percent over the next two years driven by 15-16 percent growth in the IT/ITeS industry, rising e-commerce industry and improving infrastructure.
The grade also factors in a strong project pipeline entailing the development of 47 million square feet (Brigade’s share is 35 million square feet). "Of its ongoing projects of 12.5 million square feet, 51 percent are booked. Ramp-up in the construction of these projects is expected to drive revenue recognition, return ratios and future cash flows," it added.
Bengaluru-based Brigade also has a strong portfolio of leased assets, which currently provide Rs 140 crore of rentals per annum. The report also said its hotels have robust occupancy of 75-80 percent and are profitable unlike many other hospitality assets in Bengaluru. "A strong management, transparent disclosures and a healthy balance sheet support the grade," it added.
The only risk for the company will be slowdown in the IT/ITeS industry as this industry accounts for 75 percent of the real estate demand in Bengaluru. "Brigade, with 76 percent of the total project pipeline in Bengaluru, would be adversely impacted by a slowdown, if any," it said.
Crisil Research expects revenues to grow at a two-year CAGR of 43 percent to Rs 1,900 crore by FY16 driven by incremental revenue recognition in ongoing projects and steady growth in leased assets and hospitality projects. EBITDA margin is expected to improve from 33.8 percent in FY14 to 34.2 percent in FY16 primarily driven by revenue growth while PAT is expected to increase to Rs 2,800 crore in FY16 from Rs 80 crore in FY14.
At 13:57 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 136.85, up Rs 4.10, or 3.09 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Japanese e-commerce co Rakuten to buy Ebates in $1bn dealSep 09, 2014, 03.22 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Japanese e-commerce co Rakuten to buy Ebates in $1bn deal
Rakuten said the all-cash deal would give it access to 2.5 million new customers in the United States, Canada, South Korea and China.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Japanese e-commerce co Rakuten to buy Ebates in $1bn deal
Rakuten said the all-cash deal would give it access to 2.5 million new customers in the United States, Canada, South Korea and China.
Post your opinion here
 
Japanese e-commerce giant Rakuten today said it would buy US online shopping operator Ebates for about USD 1.0 billion as it taps overseas markets to counter a limited home market.
Rakuten said the all-cash deal would give it access to 2.5 million new customers in the United States, Canada, South Korea and China.
"The company will acquire Ebates for a total consideration of USD 1 billion in cash, and will hold 100 per cent of Ebates outstanding voting stock," Rakuten said in a statement.
"The combination of the two companies will give birth to an attractive and innovative membership-based marketplace for consumers featuring a points programme at the core."
Rakuten's billionaire chief executive Hiroshi Mikitani said it was a "strategically important" move that would give his company a foothold in the enormous US market.
The deal could help Rakuten compete abroad with industry giants Amazon and China's Alibaba, which is preparing an initial public offering that could raise as much as USD 24.3 billion in what be the biggest share sale in history.
Also read:  Rocket Internet to merge Jabong with 4 global e-comm firms
San Francisco-based Ebates runs websites that offer rebates and coupons for shopping from 1,700-plus partner retailers, including Amazon and eBay. It hosted about USD 2.2 billion in transactions in its 2013 fiscal year. Rakuten has a credit-card-linked reward points system in Japan to help retain its customer base.
Lacking a similar setup in the United States, the Ebates acquisition is seen as a way to lure shoppers looking for cash-back deals to Rakuten's virtual shopping mall.
Since launching its business in Taiwan in 2008, Rakuten has expanded to more than 10 foreign markets. But its foreign e-commerce transactions are a small share of its overall business, which is focused on a domestic market that is unlikely to offer much more room for growth.
Last year, Rakuten bought US video-streaming provider Viki for about USD 200 million while in February it picked up messaging app provider Viber for around USD 900 million. It has also scooped up Canadian e-reader firm Kobo.
Rakuten's Tokyo-listed shares ended down 1.25 percent at 1,254.0 yen (USD 12) before the deal was confirmed. However, the stock has been under pressure as investors questioned the size and merits of the reported deal, said Monex Group market analyst Toshiyuki Kanayama.
"It's not totally clear that it will add significantly to Rakuten's business," he told Dow Jones Newswires. "Additionally, it also leaves room for speculation that Rakuten may turn to a potentially dilutive share offer in order to raise funds for the purchase."
RELATED NEWS

J&K floods: Poonch devastated  houses toppled into the riverSelf-styled godman Baba Rampal supporters protest in Delhi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

J&K: Two Air India flights sent to help in rescue operations  says Aviation MinisterSelf-styled godman Baba Rampal supporters protest in Delhi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

J&K floods: Telephone lines will be restored by Tuesday night  says BSNLmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

No quick fix for coal supply crisis  says ministerHi Guest
No quick fix for coal supply crisis, says minister
The government blamed cost overruns at coal projects and $50 billion in losses at state electricity distributors for a power crisis that has become the first test of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's management of the economy.Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal warned that it would take years to alleviate coal supply shortages, which have reduced stocks at thermal power stations to their lowest since a huge blackout in 2012 cut off 620 million people.Any strategic decisions would have to wait ...

Saral Rozgar job card launched in BengalSaral Rozgar job card launched in Bengal
PTI
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 9:  
IT services major Tech Mahindra Ltd today announced the launch of ‘Saral Rozgar’ cards in West Bengal with aim to create a common pool of jobseekers and job providers with about 4,000 job openings.
’Saral Rozgar’ is a mobile job marketplace that helps blue collared and entry—level job seekers to connect to mainstream employers anywhere in India via mobile in their own language in an affordable manner, Tech Mahindra, head mobility business, Jagdish Mitra said here today.
“Currently, there are 4,000 job openings in this region which will increase to 15,000 by end of the year. Job seekers can now easily access the service by buying the Saral Rozgar card for Rs 50 and registering through a simple voice call in their preferred language,” he said.
The company helps jobseekers create their digital presence to connect them to potential employers calling through the call centre. Additionally, SMEs or entrepreneurs can also reach them through voice calls, he said.
Nationally there are over 37 crore blue collared workers currently who are unskilled or semi-skilled.
“Presently Saral Rozgar has over 1 lakh job openings in more than 100 job categories at pan—India level,” Saral Rozgar head Mayuk Dasgupta said.
Some of the large corporates are taking benefit of the digital blue—collared job marketplace, the company said.
Mitra said the company had already tied up with National Skill Development Corporation and were in talks with state employment exchanges also.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Novartis files lawsuit against Zydus for patent infringement in USNovartis files lawsuit against Zydus
Premal Balan & Sohini Das | Ahmedabad Sep 10, 2014 12:13 AM IST
Ahmedabad-based Cadila Healthcare Ltd (Zydus Cadila) is facing lawsuits in various US courts, including one filed by global pharma major Novartis Pharmaceuticals, for infringement of patents. Novartis has filed two suits against Cadila Healthcare’s US subsidiaries Zydus Noveltech and Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA), accusing them of infringing patents relating to a drug that treats Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s disease. A similar suit has been filed by Roxane Laboratories Inc in a New Jersey court against Zydus Cadila for infringement of patent for a drug used to treat patients with end-stage renal failure.
In a lawsuit filed at the US District Court Delaware, Switzerland-based Novartis has accused Zydus Cadila and its US subsidiaries Zydus Noveltech and Zydus Pharmaceuticals of infringing two of its patents. The Swiss company alleged the Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) filed by Zydus Cadila before the US Food and Drug Administration would infringe its US patents 6,316,023 (‘023) and 6,335,031 (‘031) for Exelon Patch, which is used for the treatment of mild-to-moderate dementia of the Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s disease. The ANDA is for commercial manufacture, use, import and sale of the drug.
Novartis added that Zydus Cadila’s application claimed its patents were invalid and or would not be infringed. However, it did not allege any of the claims were unenforceable.
Commenting on the developments a source in Zydus Cadila indicated that this is a routine process to get ANDA approvals in the US market. "Basically, it is a routine process by pharmaceutical companies who seek to get the 180-day exclusivity period to market a drug whose patent expiration date is near. Several companies rush to file the ANDAs in order to be one of the first applicants to get the nod of the US drug regulator to market a drug in the country," said Sarabjit Kaur Nangra, pharma analyst with Angel Broking.
Any innovative pharma company would immediately react to the ANDA filing and their first argument would be that of patent infringement, and whoever wins the legal battle gets the right to market the drug in the US, she added.
Zydus Pharmaceuticals Inc (a wholly owned subsidiary of Cadila Healthcare) was earlier challenged in the US by Pfizer Inc in 2012 when it sought approval to market the generic version of the latter's anti-depressant drug Pristiq prior to the expiration of patent in the US. Pfizer had filed a lawsuit in a US district court against Zydus' abbreviated new drug application (ANDA).
Other Gujarat-based pharma companies who enjoy a significant presence in the US have earlier engaged in such legal battles to get marketing rights for drugs in the US. For example, Alembic had filed ANDA for desvenlafaxine succinate (Pristiq) in 2013 and it expected to share the 180-day exclusivity period with other companies who also get a nod.
Usually, when a block-buster patented drug goes off-patent, there is some price erosion, however, still there remains significant demand for the generic version, and hence the rush by companies.

Sensex falls 54 points on profit bookingSensex, Nifty retreat from record highs on profit-booking
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 9, 2014  | 16:45 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Retreating from record highs, the Sensex and the Nifty on Tuesday fell by about 54 points and 21 points respectively on profit-booking in recent out-performers like ICICI Bank, Infosys, L&T and ONGC, amid caution in view of the hearing of coal blocks case in the Supreme Court.
The BSE Sensex , after shuttling between 27,328.27 and 27,177.09, ended with a loss of 54.53 points, or 0.20 per cent, to end at 27,265.32. Yesterday, the 30-share bluechip benchmark had ended at its all-time closing high of 27,319.85 after hitting intra-day high of 27,354.99.
On similar lines, the NSE Nifty lost 20.95 points, or 0.26 per cent, to close at 8,152.95 after moving between 8,126.50 and 8,174.55. Its previous all-time closing high of 8,173.90 was hit yesterday after touching intra-day record high of 8,180.20.
Marked losses in recent gainers like L&T , BHEL, and Axis Bank also weighed on the market sentiment.
Selling was seen mostly across-the-board but shares like Cipla, Coal India, GAIL, Tata Motors , ITC, Mahindra and Mahindra, Tata Power, Tata Steel, SBI and Bharti Airtel logged gains, thereby cushioning the fall to some extent.
Out of the 30-share Sensex, 16 stocks closed with losses while 14 others finished higher.
"Midcaps and small caps continued to attract buying.
Recovery in global markets and easing crude oil prices further boosted market sentiment, but limited upsides due to profit booking and indecision at higher levels," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
The mood seems to be cautious as participants were seen keeping positions restricted in view of the hearing of coal blocks allocation case in the Supreme Court, brokers said.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 1,162.98 crore yesterday, as per provisional data from the stock exchanges.
Sectorally, the BSE Realty sector index suffered the most by losing 1.11 per cent, followed by IT index 0.82 per cent, Oil & gas index 0.49 per cent, Capital Goods index 0.43 per cent and Banking index 0.21 per cent.
Bucking the trend, Consumer Durables index rose 1.75 per cent, FMCG index 0.86 per cent and Power index 0.59 per cent.
Globally, trend in other Asian markets remained mixed and the European markets were weak in opening trade.

One Direction announces newalbumPrint
The band announced the album on its website. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:23 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 4:31 pm
Boy band One Direction will release its fourth album, Four, on 17 November this year.
The band, comprising Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne, Harry Styles and Louis Tomlinson, announced the album on its website, where fans can also download a new track.
“We hope you enjoy it and we can’t wait for you to listen to the album in full. Thank you, you guys mean the world to us,” the band wrote.
It released its last album, Midnight Memories, last year.

Sadbhav Engg gains 8%  eyes Rs 250 cr via QIP | Sensex vs gold; Which is better betSadbhav Engineering to raise Rs 250 cr via QIP; stock rallies
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 9, 2014, 04.01PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Sadbhav Engineering owns…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Sadbhav Engineering closed near day's high as the company approved raising Rs 250 crore through qualified institutions placement .
Sadbhav Engineering, an infrastructure company, owns 13 road build, operate and transfer (BOT) projects. Its healthy order book of Rs 8,300 crore provides strong visibility.
"An improving outlook across all its segments augurs well for future growth. Limited commitment on the current BOT portfolio and well-funded balance sheet makes it well placed to benefit from improved ordering in the road sector," said Prabhudas Lilladher report.
According to the brokerage, the company's order book is well diversified across sectors like road, mining and irrigation which are the key focus areas of the new government.
"We expect the EPC segment to post sales and earnings CAGR of 21 per cent and 14 per cent, respectively, over FY14-16E. We expect order book and order inflow to grow at CAGR of 10 per cent and 38 per cent, respectively, over FY14-16E," the report added.
The brokerage values the company's EPC business at PE of 10.5xFY16E PAT. It has a 'Buy' rating on the stock with target price of Rs 251 per share.
The stock ended at Rs 225.95, up 8.32 per cent, on the BSE . It rallied 12.12 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 233.90.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tis the season to make musicUpdated: September 9, 2014 16:27 IST
'Tis the season to make music
ALLAN MOSES RODRICKS
AP HERE COMES THE ROCK Wake me up when September ends
TOPICS
Concert
Come September and every venue, band and choir in the city puts out some of their best shows.Here is the lowdown on what dots the soundscape this September
September is the month when American businessman Robert Talbot (played by Rock Hudson) hung out with his mistress Lisa Fellini (Gina Lollobrigida). That was in the 1961 romantic comedy, Come September. In present day Bangalore, however, September is the month when music starts to flood the city’s soundscape with mind altering shows, gigs and concert all the way to February.
Kicking off with the third edition of the Bangalore Open Air festival at CounterCulture this weekend that will feature some old school Greek and Italian metal bands as well as trash metal bands from Kolkata and Bangalore, the music scene in the city is up for a stormy start. Heavy metal city band Girish And The Chronicles will play a set of originals from their new album Back On Earth at this festival. Frontman Girish Pradhan says every festival season starts in September.
“If I think about it, all the festivals and cultural events even in my hometown of Gangtok, Sikkim, starts in September. It’s a magical time of celebration of the season changing.”
On the Bangalore Open Air fiesta, he says they are excited and a bit nervous sharing stage with some legendary bands. “We’ve been following them for quite some time and they are really good and extremely heavy trash metal bands. We are more classic heavy metal. Hopefully, the mix works out and everyone has fun.”
Arati Rao, who runs BFlat – a popular music joint in the city, echoes Girish’s thoughts. “I don’t know what it is about September except that the monsoon is almost over and it’s the beginning of fabulous weather in Bangalore. Right up to February we have great weather making this magic time in the city. We all feel like going out, enjoying the ambience and everything makes you feel energised. Maybe it’s the post-monsoon energy.”
She recalls that while October is a dead month for music venues thanks to all the festivals, July and August don’t work because of the rain and people just don’t feel like going out.
On their line-up for the coming weekends, Arati says: “We’ve got some really lovely programming done and pooled in bands that have never played at BFlat. The Saturday Night Blues Band that has been performing live every Saturday night at Someplace Else, India's ‘Music Mecca’ in Kolkata since January 2000, are just one of the many shows we’ve planned. There are also a series of stellar performances by veteran and contemporary bands lined up.”
It’s not just bands but also choirs that bloom in the music month. Neecia Majolly says: “From my point of view, when it comes to choir concerts, this is the perfect month. There are examinations in early summer, then it is holiday season and only after that do we get to bring everyone together and start practise. In October, we need to work around the festivals and we can’t have concerts on any public holidays. So September is a nice in-between month since we don’t really have these things to deal with. This is the best time to programme our concerts and float it to get a good audience.”
The Majolly Trust has a three-weekend bonanza with its festival of music from this Saturday. “We will also have an outperformers singing competition and an original musical in the coming months.”

Coal scam: SC issues notice to CBI chief Ranjit SinhaSep 09, 2014, 04.27 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Coal scam: SC issues notice to CBI chief Ranjit Sinha
Senior lawyer Prashant Bhushan has alleged that Ranjit Sinha met coal scam accused at his residence as disclosed in the residence diary. The court has asked the CBI Director to file a response in 10 days and postponed the matter for further hearing till September 19.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Coal scam: SC issues notice to CBI chief Ranjit Sinha
Senior lawyer Prashant Bhushan has alleged that Ranjit Sinha met coal scam accused at his residence as disclosed in the residence diary. The court has asked the CBI Director to file a response in 10 days and postponed the matter for further hearing till September 19.
Post your opinion here
 
In a major blow to India's premier investigation agency, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), the Supreme Court on Tuesday issued a notice to its Director Ranjit Sinha on a plea seeking his removal from the post and a Special Investigative Team (SIT) probe against him for allegedly protecting coal scam case accused.
Senior lawyer Prashant Bhushan has alleged that Ranjit Sinha met coal scam accused at his residence as disclosed in the residence diary. The court has asked the CBI Director to file a response in 10 days and postponed the matter for further hearing till September 19.
The apex court directed Ranjit Sinha to be kept out of all investigations till the matter is not sorted. Sinha has claimed the accusations to be false stating that the plea filed by Bhushan has many inconsistencies. Sinha claimed that his conduct is above board.
According to him all investigations carried out by him have been impartial and that he has never compromised his position. Sinha has disputed the authenticity of the register. The CBI Director also raised some serious questions on Bhushan's motives.
The court has demanded that Sinha explains his stand and gives out clear reasons for meeting all accused in the past two years. He has been accused of meeting some of them more than 50 times as well.
Considering Sinha's post it was not acceptable by him to meet the accused, argued Bhushan.
According to the petition a CBI Director commands great power and responsibility and being the head of the agency he monitors all the scams and raids going on in the country. He is kept in the loop during all raids and VIP interrogations, the plea argued.
Sinha stated that explaining allegations against him might force him to state many facts which can go against the very nature of his investigative duties. 
RELATED NEWS

Delhi BJP chief says party ready for fresh pollsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Suzuki Gixxer 155 to be launched in India on September 9Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Intel unveils new processors for data centresThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

GDP measurement to be revised next yearThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Victims await aid  news of loved ones stranded in floodsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Supreme Court ends coal hearing  no verdict yetThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Guargum futures surge on spot demandThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Buy Cipla on declines; may test Rs 750: Nooresh Merani02:00 pm
Nooresh Merani, CEO at Analyse India told CNBC-TV18, "The pharmaceutical space has become the hero of this bull market wherein you see a lot of stocks doubled up in the last few months. One of the picks which have not worked up well in the last few months is  FDC which we like at current levels. The stock has broken out into all time highs, so zone of Rs 150-160 is a good buying area."
He further added, "I continue to like  Cipla and it was our top pick two-three months back when it made a good base around Rs 370-430 zone. I would be looking towards longer term target price of Rs 750 on Cipla and any decline to Rs 520 to Rs 550 would be a buying zone."
RELATED NEWS

Pleae see the kind of analysis our sir is doing for nifty rangeCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

When bullguru and other long term investors dreams get fulfullied i.e....New Member
1 Followers
When Bullguru and other long term investors dreams get fulfullied i.e. 9999 blown to bits, we all should meet up and have 1 big party !!!!!!!!!!
4.58 PM Sep 9th

Smal risky traders sell silver cmp near again 42060 sl 42101 tgt as u...4 Followers
Reposted about 71 days 21 hrs 35 min 29 sec ago by BULLION  POWER
smal risky traders sell silver cmp near again 42060 sl  42101 tgt as u like risk of 40rs or so  rest risky traders follow the earlier all of avgeraging

Paragon eyes Rs 5 000-crore revenue by 2020Paragon eyes Rs 5,000-crore revenue by 2020
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad Sep 09, 2014 03:34 PM IST
Paragon, one of the country's largest selling footwear brands, is aiming to achieve Rs 5,000 crore turnover by 2020, as against the current Rs 1,400 crore.
"For the past few years we have grown at 25 to 30% per annum. Now with the introduction of new models and variants, the value chain is expected to go up. When the average price of footwear goes up, revenues also grow. We are confident that we will be achieving Rs 5,000 crore by 2020," Paragon group promoter & director Thomas Mani told PTI today.
As part of the brand promotion, the company has roped in movie star Mahesh Babu as its brand ambassador.
It also plans to penetrate into untapped domestic and international markets, Director Marketing Joseph Zachariah said.
"We expect to sell 14 crore pairs this fiscal from 12 crore in the last fiscal and hope to achieve Rs 1,600 crore turnover mark during 2014-15. The company had clocked a turnover of Rs 1,400 crore in 2013-14. We may also consider ramping up the installed capacity of the plant in next two to three years to meet targets," Zachariah said.
Replying to a query, Mani said that for the present growth expectations, the company would need additional working capital after two to three years.
He, however, said currently there are no plans to dilute any equity for capital infusion. The company, which has 23 manufacturing facilities across the country, is a closely-held entity by nine families.
On an average the Kerala-based footwear maker produces about 4.5 lakh pairs a day.

Department of Education criticized for how it pays debt collectors to chase student loan dollarsBy Jonnelle Marte September 4 Follow @jonnelle
(Photo from Flickr user thisisbossi used under Creative Commons license)
The Department of Education is not doing enough to crack down on debt collection agencies that are too aggressive about seeking payments from student loan borrowers, a consumer group said Wednesday.
A report from the  National Consumer Law Center found that how much debt collectors are paid correlates strongly with how much they collect from people whose student loans have gone into default. It also argued that debt collectors may not always do a good job of informing people about all of the options available to them.
“The incentives matter. Money matters,” says Persis Yu, a staff attorney at the center and co-author of the report. “So we need to be able to look at the contracts and make sure borrowers really are served in the best way possible.”
Yu says the lower payments debt collectors receive for informing people about alternatives to payment may be steering the 22 collection agencies contracted by the government to seek payments aggressively instead of thoroughly informing consumers. For instance, agencies receive a commission projected to be up to 13 percent of the loan amount when a borrower is rehabilitated out of default to begin payments, according to the center. In contrast, the commission for getting a borrower to consolidate a loan is 2.75 percent of the loan amount.
Debt collectors receive a flat fee of $150 for helping borrowers achieve another resolution, such as having the loans discharged because of a death or disability. And because debt collectors are not currently penalized for having a high number of consumer complaints, the center said the department is not doing enough to make sure that debt collectors don’t overreach in their efforts to collect payments.
Yu and co-author Deanne Loonin wrote:
Although the government must balance the need to collect student loans with the need to assist borrowers, the current system heavily favors high pressure debt collection and debt collector profits to the detriment of financially distressed borrowers seeking the help they so desperately need.
According to the complaints cited in the study, some borrowers say they were given misinformation from debt collectors about whether they qualified for income-based repayment, loan consolidation and discharge. Other people complained about receiving multiple calls a day or being called even after they asked for the calls to stop.
A look at the ratings used to evaluate and pay debt collectors shows that the more money companies collected in loan payments, the higher they scored, according to the report.
(National Consumer Law Center)
Meanwhile, those ratings don’t currently take into account how debt collectors treat the borrowers they’re working with.
But that part of the payment system will be changing soon. After a report released in July by the department’s Office of the Inspector General found that officials were not doing enough to track and enforce complaints filed against collection agencies, the Department of Education said it would factor in such complaints when deciding how to rank and pay the companies.
The changes should be in place by next March, a department official said, but it’s still not clear how much consumer complaints will lower payments because the department is in the process of adjusting its contracts with debt collectors.
The department also said collection agencies are required to record their calls, which enables to department to review them to make sure companies complied with the department’s rules. Robert Foehl, vice president of ACA International, a trade association representing third-party debt collectors, said the high volume of calls and requests they make can lead to a high number of complaints, but that agencies work to resolve them quickly.
Yu, of the law center, says she would like to see more information about how the department plans to incorporate consumer satisfaction information into ratings. “What we hope is that they’ll be transparent about that change,” she says, “so that we can ensure that those changes are in fact being made.”
 
Jonnelle Marte is a reporter covering personal finance. She was previously a writer for MarketWatch and the Wall Street Journal.

The square root of minus oneUpdated: September 6, 2014 17:01 IST
The square root of minus one
SUDEEP SEN
3 Sections; Vijay Seshadri, HarperCollins India, Rs.299.
TOPICS
poetry
A compelling volume that deals with 20th century living.
Vijay Seshadri is an Indian-born U.S. poet in his early sixties. After spending his first five years in Bangalore, he moved to the U.S. and grew up in the Midwest, largely in Columbus, Ohio. He has worked variously as a marine hand, in the logging trade, in the copy-editing department of The New Yorker, before settling into an academic position as a teacher of poetry and non-fiction at Sarah Lawrence College. He currently lives in Brooklyn, New York with his wife and son.
Seshadri considers himself an entirely ‘American’ poet and is wholly informed by that sensibility and literary taste. One can especially trace influences of Frost, Lowell, Bishop, Ashbery, and a few other significant American poets. His own relationship with India, as evident in his first book, is conveyed both in its sense of the geographical distance from that country, as well as in the couched unobvious display of it: “I said Rajasthan, she said Sahara,/but we knew beyond question/it was desert we were after” (‘The Lump’); or obliquely “when Stalin’s daughter/fled to Delhi” (‘Visiting Russia’).
He published two volumes of poetry, Wild Kingdom (1996) and The Long Meadow (2004) in the U.S. In 2007, HarperCollins India brought out a local edition — a compilation of these two books under the title, The Disappearances. His latest volume, 3 Sections, was simultaneously published in the U.S. and India, and has been recently awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry — a literary honour meant strictly for American Citizens.
3 Sections contains 34 poems of varying lengths and uses “an array of poetic forms from the rhyming lyric to the philosophical meditation to the prose essay” and more. The poems deal with 20th century living, its lifestyle and angst, and its “wayward” histories. The poems also directly confront the topics of science, translation, film, travel, everyday objects, and issues surrounding the philosophical, “the soul”.
The volume opens with a clever philosophical poem, ‘Imaginary Number’, that fuses the worlds of geography, mathematics and uncertainty — ending enigmatically: “The soul,/like the square root of minus 1,/is an impossibility that has its uses.” In ‘Three Urdu Poems’ (that deals with Mirza Ghalib and Momin Khan Momin), the structure and lineation used is that of co uplets alluding to the ghazal form (with the only exception of the line: “The night is his who spends it coiled with you”). Whether it is “a laconic marksman” who leaves “me/not dead but perpetually dying”; or the poet’s wonderment as to “why she still keeps my heart,/as useless to her as an unpaired sandal”; or even as the “stars, behind the veil of day” leave “my glittering memories of the feast of love ... warehoused in oblivion” — the lyricism, phraseology, and word-choices make this a fascinating three-part poem.
‘Secret Police’ opens startlingly, employing original and unusual imagery: The towelette flutters punctually in the window. The neighbor who never talks silently combusts on his patio in choreographed figure eights.
Poems such as ‘Hell’, ‘Purgatory, the Film’, ‘Purgatory, the sequel’ and ‘Heaven’, perhaps allude to D. Alighieri and modernity in oblique complex ways, but always using suave metropolitan wit: “You’d have to be crazy as Dante to get those down, / the infernal hatreds.”
Seshadri is obviously still partial to using his signature long lines. His prose poem ‘Pacific Fishes of Canada’ is particularly fascinating for its early autobiographical clues and insights. This is immediately followed by ‘Personal Essay’, an unsurprisingly titled long poem that uses long lines.
The poem that sums up his varied poetic forms is ‘Nursing Home’, set in “3 Sections”. Section 1 uses regular free-verse lineation, Section 2 is set in the prose-poem format, and Section 3 styled as single-long-line stanzas forming a dramatic monologue. Finally, 3 Sections concludes with an eponymous ‘Light Verse’ where: It’s just five, but it’s light as six./It’s lighter than we think./Mind and day are out of sync./The dog is restless./The dog’s owner is sleeping and dreaming of Elvis./The treetops should be dark purple,/But they’re pink.
Seshadri’s poetry is very carefully constructed, both in terms of tightness of language as well as understated lyricism. That he is able to do that without using traditional rhymes or resorting to other obvious methods, make his poems sing with an even greater flight. The Pulitzer Prize committee described 3 Sections as “a compelling collection of poems that examines human consciousness, from birth to dementia, in a voice that is by turns witty and grave, compassionate and remorseless.” I cannot disagree with those words.
The readers should dive into Vijay Seshadri’s poems and be prepared to be informed and pleasured; let the power of his words allow them to soar, to stretch out their wings, to fly, and nest beautifully anew.

Sahara Chief Gets 15 More Days to Negotiate Deals from JailSBI Defends $1 Billion Adani Loan Proposal
The Supreme Court on Monday extended Sahara chief Subrata Roy's stay at the Tihar Jail conference hall facility by 15 days.
Sahara chief's lawyer had earlier requested the court to extend Mr Roy's stay as negotiations for sale of overseas hotels are at a crucial stage and the deal is likely to get fetch around Rs 1,800 crore.
The Supreme Court had earlier allowed Sahara chief to use the conference hall in Tihar jail premises for negotiations till September 9.
Mr Roy was initially given 10 days by the Supreme Court to talk to potential bidders for three hotels, including Grosvenor House in London and the New York Plaza, to raise Rs 10,000 crore for bail. Thereafter, the court had extended his stay at the high-tech office in Tihar jail premises by 15 days on his request.
Mr Roy has been given an office with 600 sq ft of space inside New Delhi's Tihar jail complex, where he can hold video conferences, use computers and receive visitors to try to sell or mortgage the hotels.
Mr Roy was jailed in March after he failed to appear at a contempt hearing in the long-running dispute with the capital markets watchdog Sebi (Securities and Exchange Board of India) over the company's failure to repay crores to investors who were sold outlawed bonds.
He is yet to be charged over the dispute and denies any wrongdoing. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 15:35 (IST)

Inside pics of Balika Vadhu s  Ganga  Sargun Mehta s birthday bashentertainment
Inside pics of Balika Vadhu’s ‘Ganga’ Sargun Mehta’s birthday bash
It was Balika Vadhu's Ganga aka Sargun Mehta's birthday and her real life husband Ravi Dubey made the day more memorable by giving her a surprise and inviting her close industry friends over to a party.  Ravi is currently seen in new show 'Jamai Raja.'
The lovely couple posed for the shutterbugs. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Amongst the early birds was TV actor Vivian Dsena. He was accompanied by his wife, actress Vahbiz Dorabjee. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Aishwarya Sakhuja, who played Ravi Dubey's onscreen wife in 'Saas Bina Sasural', looked beautiful in casuals.(Source: Varinder Chawla)
TV's hot couple - Rithwik Dhanjani and Asha Negi at the do. The duo won Nach Baliye 6, in which Ravi and Sargun had also participated.(Source: Varinder Chawla)
Ravi offers a piece of cake to his pretty wife. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Karan V Grover was also seen at the bash. He posed with actress Shruti Tejwani.(Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sargun's onscreen husband from Balika Vadhu, Shashank Vyas looked handsome. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Friends Forever - Rithwik and Ravi pose for the cameras.(Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actor couple Shilpa and Apoorva Agnihotri were also amongst the guests. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Rithwik has some fun with actor Karan Wahi. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
TV actors Kishwer S Merchantt and Suyyash Rai pose for the shutterbugs.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Singer Neha Kakkar looked pretty in black and grey. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actor Vipul Roy too marked his presence at the bash. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Caps announce 2014 rookie camp rosterBy Alex Prewitt September 8 Follow @alex_prewitt
Miles Koules, right, and Andre Burakovsky are two Capitals prospects attending rookie camp. (Photo by John McDonnell/The Washington Post).
With their 2014 rookie camp beginning Thursday, the Washington Capitals have released the 20-man roster of prospects scheduled to participate in five days of practice and a rookie exhibition versus the Philadelphia Flyers on Sept. 16.
Highlighting the roster will be forward Andre Burakovsky, who among this crop harbors the best shot among the group at making the NHL roster , and according to Coach Barry Trotz will be included in the mix for the second-line center position that has been an unsatisfying revolving door for the Capitals in recent seasons. Burakovsky was dominant at July’s development camp, even while experimenting at center, a position he hadn’t played in some time.
Four of this year’s draft picks also will be in attendance, led by Czech forward Jakub Vrana and his countryman, goaltender Vitek Vanecek. Third-round pick Nathan Walker, who garnered fame back home in Australia for his unprecedented selection and figures to return to the Hershey Bears this season, also will be there, as well as  Kelowna defenseman Madison Bowey, considered among the top prospects in the Capitals organization. Three rookies — Walker, Chandler Stephenson and Caleb Herbert — appeared with the AHL Bears last season, while Michal Cajkovsky was named to the ECHL all-rookie team for Washington’s old affiliate, the Reading Royals.
Six prospects — defenseman Wade Epp, winger Miles Koules, winger Liam O’Brien, center Braden Pimm, winger Cole Wilson and defenseman Ben Woodley — are currently free agents. Twelve are former Capitals draft picks, and two (Cajkovsky and goaltender Pheonix Copley) were previously signed as free agents.
The sessions start with a 4:15 p.m. practice Thursday, continue with morning practices through Sept. 15 and conclude with the 3 p.m. puck drop at Flyers Skate Zone in New Jersey. Trotz is expected to speak with reporters after each practice. The full roster is below:
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Coalgate: No objection to de-allocation  govt tells SCSep 08, 2014, 09.12 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Coalgate: No objection to de-allocation, govt tells SC
Government today left it to the Supreme Court to decide the fate of 218 coal blocks allocation held as illegal by it while stating that about 40 blocks are operational and another six are ready to produce 50 million tonnes coal in the current year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Coalgate: No objection to de-allocation, govt tells SC
Government today left it to the Supreme Court to decide the fate of 218 coal blocks allocation held as illegal by it while stating that about 40 blocks are operational and another six are ready to produce 50 million tonnes coal in the current year.
Post your opinion here
 
Government today left it to the Supreme Court to decide the fate of 218 coal blocks allocation held as illegal by it while stating that about 40 blocks are operational and another six are ready to produce 50 million tonnes coal in the current year.
The affidavit filed by the Ministry of Coal incorporated the statements made by the Attorney General Mukul Rohtagi on September 1 that the Centre has "no objection" to the cancellation of allocations declared as illegal by the apex court and was also not insisting on any particular course of action.
Giving details as directed by the Court about the 40 producing blocks and six likely to come under production during the year 2014-15, the affidavit said they "are estimated to produce about 50 million tonnes of coal in the current year."
The ministry placed before it the gist of information about mining lease, commencement of production and linked End-Use Production (EUP) investment received from allocatees of these 40 productional coal mines and six on verge of production.
Out of 40 functional mines, two are allocated to an Ultra Mega Power Project (UMPP), which has not been declared as illegal by August 25 judgement, it said.
Further, the affidavit said the six coal blocks which are likely to come under production were determined by the Coal Controller's Organization (CCO), as they have received mine opening permission under Rule 9 of the Colliery Control Rules, 2004 (framed under MMDR ACT, 1957), which is the final step towards opening of the mines.
The ministry, which gave details of information of 15 lignite blocks received from the allocatees, also stated some of the hurdles it was facing as a result of the apex court judgement and sought suitable directions.
It said the numbers of allocatees have acquired title of the land in respect of coal blocks which were allocated and now are held as illegal and on re-allocation those previous allocatees be directed to "re-convey" the land to Central government.
"Upon cancellation of the coal block, the title of the land would still remain with the allocatee. In the event of subsequent grant of the coal block, it may not be possible for the grantee to obtain title of the land from the earlier owner," it said.
RELATED NEWS

FPIs Allowed to Hedge Against Coupon Receipts of Debt: Reserve BankDLF Falls 3%, Real Estate Stocks Under Pressure
Mumbai: Providing more leeway for overseas investors, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday allowed foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) to hedge coupon receipts arising out of their investments in debt securities.
Hedging will provide foreign investors to cover against currency fluctuation at the time of repatriation of the income arising out their investment in debt.
"It has been decided to permit FPIs to hedge the coupon receipts arising out of their investments in debt securities in India falling due during the following 12 months subject to the condition that the hedge contracts shall not be eligible for rebooking on cancellation," the RBI said in a statement.
The contracts can, however, be rolled over on maturity provided the relative coupon amount is yet to be received, it said.
The step has been taken to enhance the hedging facilities for FPIs holding securities under the Portfolio Investment Scheme. It will encourage investments in debt and deepen the domestic debt market.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 20:16 (IST)

Dollar s rise against euro not to impact rupee muchDollar's rise against euro not to impact rupee much
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 09, 2014 12:50 AM IST
For the time being, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to stick to a range of 58-62 a dollar for the rupee, despite the dollar appreciating against the euro. This is because the softening global crude oil prices and continuation of gold import curbs are expected to help narrow the country’s current account deficit (CAD).
On Friday, the euro weakened to a near 14-month-low against the dollar, after the European Central Bank announced a fresh round of stimulus and promised more if required. Currently, the dollar is trading at 1.29 per euro, compared with the previous close of 1.3.
Typically, when the dollar rises against the euro, the rupee weakens against the dollar.
“We expect RBI to hold the rupee at 58-62 a dollar for now though the dollar has strengthened below 1.3 per euro. The impact of a stronger dollar is largely offset by softening of oil prices and the continuation of gold import curbs. Swings of $10-a-barrel in crude oil prices have an impact of about $8 billion on the CAD. Restrictions on gold imports will likely contain the CAD at 1.7 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP) in FY15,” Indranil Sen Gupta, India economist, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, said in a note to clients.
Easing of geopolitical tension relating to Russia and Ukraine has resulted in Brent crude oil prices falling below the $100-a-barrel mark.
For the quarter ended June this year, India’s CAD narrowed to 1.7 per cent of GDP ($7.8 billion) from 4.8 per cent ($21.8 billion) in the corresponding period last year.
On Monday, the rupee rose to its highest since July, as US jobs data missed estimates. This mitigated speculation the US Federal Reserve would opt for a planned rate increase. The rupee closed at 60.3 a dollar, compared with its previous close of 60.41 a dollar.
“The rupee has derived bullish momentum from the downtrend in imported commodity items such as oil, precious and base metals and robust offshore flows into Indian debt and equity markets. The domestic cues are also supportive on hope of improved macroeconomic fundamentals in the years ahead, setting up long-term bullish expectations from the Indian economy and its asset classes,” said Moses Harding, group chief executive officer (liability and treasury management) and chief economist of Srei Infrastructure Finance.
He added given these cues were providing strong tailwinds, the dollar’s gain against major currencies, including those of emerging markets, had no impact on the rupee, which had emerged stronger than the dollar and was likely to remain so till domestic optimism was in place.

Want to Change It Scale It!reddit
About three years ago I met with a team of teachers to discuss a common concern - student comportment. The teachers collectively felt that respect and responsibility were amongst some key areas of deficit within the student population and that something needed to be done about it. Without getting into details about how we approached the issue as a staff, we were able to get started on what could be an overwhelming task - defining and elevating the behavioral standard for over 350 children and the tens of staff that support them - and make meaningful inroads towards a better outcome. This was true because we were able to take an honest look at ourselves and our situation and identify the steps that we wanted to take to make meaningful improvements, in words and in deeds.
*****
One of the techniques that I often employ in my coaching and training work is a scaling exercise. It is a powerful process that offers a strong visual and emotional framework for individuals who seek change in their professional practice or some other area in their lives.
The first thing that I ask the client or workshop attendees is to describe the subject area on a scale from one to ten, with one being the ideal and a ten being the exact opposite. I ask for behavioral descriptors that help create a basic vision of each extreme and also ask for some emotional terms that connect the individuals more deeply with each experience.
An example of this would be to scale internal communication within a company. What does a "1" look and feel like? What does a "10" look and feel like? In the first case, I might get back such descriptive terms as "smooth," "continuous," "clear," and "timely," together with such feelings as "content," "informed," and "included." The lowest rung on the communicative ladder may be described as "infrequent," "ambiguous," and "isolated," making people feel disconnected and unhappy. By the time that we are done with this part of the process we tend to be pretty clear on how to describe internal communication in its optimal form as well as when the organization is operating at a dysfunctional level in this regard.
Once we have these bookend definitions in place, we then explore the current reality. I ask them, "If you were asked to scale your present situation, what score would you give it? Why?" This part can be particularly difficult as it forces people to come to grips with their situation and also seek to identify the factors, such as systems, professional conduct, and the like, that are contributing to their less than optimal experience.
After this process has been completed, I then ask those that I am working with to think about a level that is within reach, such as going from a 5 to a 4, or perhaps even a 3. We talk about the specific components that separate the two levels and formulate an actionable plan with quantifiable deliverables to know that we have reached our goal or are at least trending in the right direction. We also establish a timeframe by which to achieve this growth so that the initial clarity and inspiration is not lost along the way. The net result is an action plan that goes beyond griping about the present to agreeing to concrete steps that will result in progress.
In essence, the scaling technique is very simple, at least in terms of establishing the end goals. Arriving at a clear, applicable vision will be harder. The key to its success is a combination of identifying clear parameters and honestly assessing the present situation. Once that is achieved, leaders and their teams can get to work on converting their vision into reality and making the workplace a more fulfilling and enjoyable space for all members of the team.
Naphtali Hoff ( @impactfulcoach ) served as an educator and school administrator for over 15 years before becoming an executive coach and consultant. Read his blog at impactfulcoaching.com/blog .
Follow Naphtali Hoff on Twitter: www.twitter.com/impactfulcoach
More:

Civil asset forfeitures more than double under ObamaBy Christopher Ingraham September 8 Follow @_cingraham
An ongoing investigative series by the Post sheds light on a law enforcement practice known as civil asset forfeiture, in which officials can seize cash or goods from a person suspected of a crime, even if no charges are ever brought against that person. Since 2001, police have seized $2.5 billion in cash from people who were never charged with a crime.
The chart above plots the inflation-adjusted dollar value of all Department of Justice asset forfeitures from 1989-2013. It includes both civil asset forfeitures, like the ones discussed in the Post's investigative series, and criminal asset forfeitures, which occur when police seize property from defendants formally accused of a crime.
You can see that the amount seized has risen sharply in the latter half of the last decade; 2012 represented a high-water mark, when approximately $4.6 billion of cash and goods were seized. While the Department of Justice doesn't provide a comparable breakdown of civil versus criminal seizures pre-2008, data since then show that civil asset forfeitures have more than doubled, from $508 million in 2008 to $1.1 billion in 2013.
While many factors likely contribute to the increase, one major component is the rise in post-2001 "stop and seize" traffic stops documented in the Post article .
The Post piece notes that under civil asset forfeiture laws, the burden of proof is on the owner of the assets to show that they are not related to a crime by a legal standard known as preponderance of the evidence . In essence, you're considered guilty until proven innocent.
The process has proven controversial -- this summer Senator Rand Paul introduced a bill to reform the practice , as did Michigan representative Tim Walberg .
Previous attempts at reform have largely been stymied due to intense lobbying from law enforcement groups, for whom asset forfeiture can be a significant source of revenue. From a political standpoint there's something for everyone to hate about the practice. Liberals note that it disproportionately affects poor and minority citizens, while conservatives are inclined to see it as a gross overreach of state power.
For more on the practice, read this 2010 Institute of Justice report .
Christopher Ingraham writes about politics, drug policy and all things data. He previously worked at the Brookings Institution and the Pew Research Center.

Renters fear they lack the credit  not just the cash  to buy a homeBy Dina ElBoghdady September 8 Follow @DinaWaPo
Many renters who want to buy a home might not even try to because they fear that they won’t qualify for a mortgage, researchers at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York concluded Monday after analyzing the results of a consumer sentiment poll.
The renters on average said they had a 63 percent chance of moving during the next three years, but only 44 percent would buy a home if they moved. Those who were reluctant to buy cited traditional reasons, including not enough savings or income. But a sizeable portion (41 percent) also said they were worried that their credit scores would not pass muster.  (Note that the 344 renters surveyed could check more than one reason for not buying.)
As we wrote Sunday , lenders have shied away from extending mortgages to less-than-stellar borrowers in a bid to shield themselves from financial penalties and lawsuits. They’re demanding higher standards from borrowers seeking government-backed loans than even the government requires. And policy makers fear that the lack of access to credit is hurting the housing market’s recovery.
But even if the lenders were to ease their credit standards, it’s unclear whether many renters would bother to apply for a mortgage, according to researchers Andreas Fuster, Basit Zafar and Matthew Cocci. In their analysis, they concluded that many potential buyers with relatively low credit scores (meaning below 680 in this analysis) feel “discouraged,” convinced that they would not qualify for a loan.
Of course, if lenders eased up, perhaps consumer perceptions would change. But for now, about two-thirds of the renters surveyed said it would be somewhat or very difficult for them to get a mortgage.  The chances of buying a home for those who think it would be tough to get a mortgage are about half what they would be for those 5 percent who think securing a loan would be easy, the analysis shows.
The results of a separate Fannie Mae survey released Monday also found that people are generally reluctant to buy. Of the 1,000 renters and homeonwners polled in August, 64 percent said it is not a good time to buy -- tying the low seen in November 2013. (The poll has been conducted monthly for about four years.)   Fannie Mae's chief economist, Doug Duncan, said consumers are too worried about wages and the job market to commit to a home purchase.  But access to credit frequently rises as a factor working against homeownership. Take a look at a Fannie's survey results for the second quarter:
 
The happy news coming out of the New York Fed's research is that most of the people surveyed, renters and homeowners alike, say that a home is a solid financial investment. The results challenge recent assertions that the desire to buy has faded due to a shift in preferences, particularly among the younger generation. About  60 percent of the people polled said buying a home in their Zip code is a sound investment.
Dina ElBoghdady covers housing policy for The Washington Post.

Home Depot Confirms Cyber AttackHome Depot Confirms Hack; Cyber Attack Could Affect Customer Credit Cards
 | By                                                                By MARLEY JAY
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — Shares of home-improvement retailer Home Depot sank before the opening bell Tuesday after confirming that its payment systems had been hacked, potentially exposing millions of shoppers who used credit and debit cards at its more than 2,000 U.S. and Canadian stores.
The breach could turn out to be one of the biggest in history. Home Depot did not say how many cards might be affected, but the largest U.S. home improvement chain did say late Monday that its investigation into the breach goes as far back as April.
The news comes nearly a week after a website that focuses on cybersecurity reported on Tuesday a possible hack of Home Depot's data. The company said later that day that it was investigating the potential breach.
"We apologize for the frustration and anxiety this causes our customers, and I want to thank them for their patience and support as we work through this issue," Chairman and CEO Frank Blake said in a press release.
Home Depot is the latest retailer to have a data breach. Others include Target, luxury retailer Neiman Marcus, grocer Supervalu, restaurant chain P.F. Chang's and the thrift store operations of Goodwill.
In December, Target Corp. disclosed a massive data breach that was the second-largest in history, resulting in the theft of 40 million debit and credit card numbers and the potential exposure of personal information of up to 70 million shoppers.
Forrester Research analyst John Kindervag said the Home Depot breach could affect similar numbers of shoppers or cards, noting that months' worth of data may have been compromised.
"From what I'm hearing, people think this will be as big as Target or bigger," he said in a telephone interview with The Associated Press.
The retail breaches have rattled shoppers' confidence at a time when privacy concerns are high. It's also increased pressure on retailers to increase security so that customers can feel safe that their personal data is secure when they're out shopping.
Retailers, banks and card companies have responded to the breaches by speeding the adoption of microchips in U.S. credit and debit cards. That technology helps makes transactions more secure.
Home Depot, which said malware was used in the hack, has announced that it plans to have chip-enabled checkout terminals at all of its U.S. stores by the end of this year.
In the meantime, the Atlanta company said its IT department also is looking into the breach and is working with outside firms, its banking partners, and the U.S. Secret Service. It added that customers will not be held responsible for fraudulent charges to their accounts.
The possible breach at Home Depot was first reported by Brian Krebs of Krebs on Security. Krebs said multiple banks reported "evidence that Home Depot stores may be the source of a massive new batch of stolen credit and debit cards."
If Target's breach is any indication, the fallout from the Home Depot breach could be severe.
The Target hack cost the company hurt the company's profit and revenue. Target's chief information officer and CEO both stepped down in the months after the hack.
"I would think if you're a member of the board of directors, somebody has to be the sacrificial lamb for this," Kindervag, the Forrester analyst, said about Home Depot's breach.
Home Depot already has had some fallout. Its shares fell 41 cents to $90.41 in premarket trading Tuesday.
Before the potential breach was announced, Home Depot said in August that Blake would step down as CEO on Nov. 1. He will be replaced by Craig Menear, president of the company's U.S. retail operations.
More:

Severe respiratory virus afflicting children confirmed in at least six states  as others investigate possible casesBy Mark Berman September 8 Follow @markberman
Will Cornejo, 13, recovers at Rocky Mountain Hospital for Children at Presbyterian/St. Luke’s Medical Center in Denver from what doctors suspect is enterovirus 68. (Cyrus McCrimmon/Denver Post)
Scores of children in at least a dozen states are afflicted by a severe respiratory illness, with at least six states confirming the presence of a rare virus strain in children as young as six weeks old, public health officials say.
Hospital officials in Chicago and Kansas City, Mo., reached out to the CDC last month after the number of people needing care for severe respiratory illnesses was “higher than expected for this time of year,” Anne Schuchat, director of the CDC’s National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases, said Monday.
Testing confirmed that patients in several of these states had a rare enterovirus strain that primarily leads to difficulty breathing, rather than rashes or neurological issues. Enteroviruses are incredibly common, with more than 100 strains leading to between 10 and 15 million infections each year, the CDC said. This rare strain, known as enterovirus 68, has been identified before in the U.S. and other countries, but it is fairly uncommon, Schuchat said during a conference call with reporters.
Other states are also investigating clusters of severe respiratory illness reports to see if this same strain is cropping up, the CDC said. About a dozen states in total had contacted the CDC by Monday, Schuchat said. The virus was confirmed to be in at least six states , according to the CDC and state health officials: Missouri, Illinois, Iowa, Kentucky, Colorado and Kansas. There are also suspected cases in Alabama, Georgia, Michigan, Oklahoma, Ohio and Utah, the CDC said Monday.
“We’re in a stage where it’s difficult to say just how big this is, how long it will go on for and how widespread it will be,” Schuchat said during a conference-call with reporters.
Centers for Disease Control officials say a potentially deadly respiratory virus that has sent hundreds of kids to the hospital in the Midwest is likely to spread across the country. (Reuters)
One hospital in Kansas City, Mo., reported treating nearly 500 children — ranging from six weeks old to 16 years old — for respiratory illnesses. Mary Anne Jackson, director of the infections diseases division at Children’s Mercy Hospital, said the “unusually severe outbreak” saw a surge that included dozens of children requiring care each day and required the hospital to open up new beds to treat everyone.
“It’ll be interesting to see what happens over time, because the way this virus spreads, kid to kid, it’s likely if it’s in 12 states it will be in more than 12 states over the next several weeks,” she said.
Jackson said that she believes that between 70 and 90 percent of the children treated at Children’s Mercy had this particular strain. Still, she said there is no need for public panic, because the majority of illnesses that will crop up will be like a “low-grade, common cold.”
There is no vaccination for this virus.
“Many people with this kind of respiratory virus will do well with time,” Schuchat said, adding that the virus typically lasts for about a week.
Most enterovirus infections in the U.S. occur in the summer and fall, so the timing of these infections are not unusual, Schuchat said. But the particular strain and the number of infections is unusual. In addition, children facing this strain could be wheezing or having difficulty breathing, a fairly clear sign that they need medical help.
“Most of the runny noses out there are not going to be turning into this,” she said
The only confirmed cases of this rare strain have been found in children, she said. More than half of the children confirmed to have this enterovirus strain in Kansas City and Chicago have a history of asthma or wheezing, which is why public health officials are urging extra care with children who have asthma.
On Monday, other states confirmed cases of the rare strain. Ann Garvey of the Iowa Department of Public Health said that the CDC confirmed samples sent from the state showed the strain. “It’s leading us to believe that we likely have some transmission statewide,” Garvey said, though she noted that so far health-care providers have not reported an overwhelming number of cases.
Health care officials in Colorado and Kentucky also told The Post on Monday that CDC testing had revealed that the virus was appearing in those states.
In Illinois, nearly a dozen specimens from a Chicago hospital tested positive for this strain. There have been increased reports of respiratory illnesses elsewhere in the state, but they have not been tested for the enterovirus strain, according to Melaney Arnold of the Illinois Department of Public Health.
Last month, 141 children from Kansas were treated at Children’s Mercy Hospital in Missouri and tested positive for either a rhinovirus or enterovirus; some of these children also tested positive for the rare strain of enterovirus, Aimee Rosenow, a spokeswoman for the Kansas Department of Health and Environment, told The Post.
States without any confirmed cases also remain on the lookout. While Ohio had no confirmed cases as of Monday, it did have potential cases across the state that required hospitalizing children, said Melanie Amato, a spokeswoman for the state Department of Health. The department is working with children’s hospitals in Cleveland and Cincinnati to send samples to the CDC and expects that some could come back positive.
“So far, we have not had any confirmed cases,” said Zack Moore, medical epidemiologist with the North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services. “But we don’t know what the future will hold, so we’re monitoring it very closely.”
Moore said that the reason this strain is worrisome is because it has been linked to clusters of illnesses, popping up in groups of infections.
The enterovirus 68 strain was first isolated in 1962 in California. While it has been rarely seen since then, it has cropped up in clusters and has been blamed for three deaths in the Philippines and Japan in recent years. Between 2009 and 2013, the National Enterovirus Surveillance System showed 79 reports of this strain , the CDC said.
Earlier this year, up to two dozen children in California were believed to be suffering from a polio-like illness . A report found that two of the five children tested positive for enterovirus 68; doctors noted that the exact symptoms varied in the five children.
Related: What is Enterovirus 68?
 
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

When hiring stars is a bad ideaLeader Board | 9 September 2014
Why that workplace star wasn't a good hire
Eric Barton
About the author
Eric is a freelance journalist who lives in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. He is formerly a writer and editor at New Times in Fort Lauderdale and The Pitch in Kansas City, Missouri. His work has been featured by  the Florida Center for Investigative Reporting.
Read more about these links.
(Getty Images)
Sam Prochazka reviewed dozens of CVs for the manager of customer service position at his company. Or maybe it was hundreds.
“I honestly lost count,” Prochazka said.
Related
You love it, your spouse hates it
That was four years ago, when Prochazka and his partners were setting up Novosbed.com, an online mattress company based in Alberta, Canada. They knew the success of ordering beds online hinged largely on happy customers — and that meant a call centre run by a sympathetic and pragmatic leader.
One of the better applicants was a woman with years of experience in customer service. So Prochazka performed a simple test, scouring her application for errors, as he does for all applicants. He found just one misspelled word, which he asked her to correct, then to resend her CV. Prochazka believes this “test” is a good way to see how potential hires will handle a problem.
“She sent me back an email that said, ‘Well, I sent it to my parents and my co-workers and they didn’t see any problem with it’,” Prochazka said.
If that’s how she responded to a prospective employer, that’s probably how she would respond — dismissively — to customers, he thought. Worse, she was interviewing to oversee the customer service department, and the team she’d set up would follow her lead in how she dealt with problems. Prochazka recalled: “As soon as that response came in, it was game over.”
Prochazka’s approach to hiring may seem tough, but research has shown that a company’s success often hinges on how well it can set up teams of employees.
Think constellations, not stars
Teambuilding hasn’t always received such attention. Until about a decade ago, most of the focus was on simply hiring the right individual star players.
Sure, that’s still important. But research by a pair of Harvard University professors in 2004 found that a vast majority of the success of teams is determined by how well they were set up at the start. They found that things like a clear direction and a supportive environment often dictate whether teams would hit their goals.
Yet this big-picture approach is not always easy at the pace we work and grow companies today. Maybe you’ve been asked to set up the new Beijing office in a week or hire a pool of research and development staff in a hurry.
“When you talk about collaboration between members of a team, there are a lot of factors that are unpredictable,” said Sujin Jang, assistant professor of organisational behaviour at INSEAD graduate business school in Fontainebleau, France. But there are factors you, as a manager, can control — even if you’ve gotten off to the wrong start.
Hiring smart at the start is obvious. Then you’ve got to give those new employees a clear sense of what they need to accomplish — together. They also must understand the strengths of other team members and how to lean on them to help each other and themselves. If one team member is a budgeting veteran, for instance, the other team members can benefit by handing off number-crunching to the expert.
Getting those right gives you a 50-50 chance at building a team that succeeds, Jang said. Up next: the initial team meeting, which will also be a major factor in determining if your team can meet its goals.
 “That first meeting goes a long way in getting co-workers to understand one another and what they’re capable of doing,” Jang said.
This is made all the more difficult because employees are increasingly spread out across multiple locations, talking only by phone or video (and that takes some delicate management to manage from afar to begin with. Jang suggests looking for people who have a more cosmopolitan mind-set, who understand how to work and relate across cultures.
Finding well-travelled employees is especially important if you need people familiar with the fine art of cross-border communication, for example the abrupt style common in northern Europe, the polite banter of the UK, or the straight-to-business approach in the US.
That’s the mix Prochazka needed for his online mattress company, considering the business would be spread out between Alberta, Vancouver and the US.
“We knew the first people hired had to be absolutely perfect, so we took the ‘hire slow, fire fast’ approach,” he said.
Prochazka eventually found an ideal candidate for his head of customer service. In fact, he’s had only two employees in that role in the past four years.
Prochazka credits those managers with helping his mattress business achieve a return rate of just 3%, well below the 10% average return rate for online retailers of home goods. More than that, the company has even gotten favourable reviews from people who ended up returning a product.
“We see that as a huge success,” Prochazka said.
Maybe his company could have succeeded with the applicant who didn’t know the difference between “there” and “their” on her CV. But it’s a good bet that Prochazka’s meticulous approach to teambuilding is exactly what leads to success.
What do you think makes teams successful? What dooms them? To comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Capital, head over to our  Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
Teambuilding 101
Five keys to building successful teams...
Stability of working conditions
A clear and engaging direction
An organised team structure
A company that supports the team’s goals
Competent coaching from managers

India signs FTA in services  investments with AseanBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Facebook Inc s market value tops $200 bnFacebook Inc's market value tops USD 200 billion
IANS     New York   Last Updated: September 9, 2014  | 10:30 IST
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg (Photo: Reuters)
Facebook Inc is now the 22nd largest company in the world after the social network's market value crossed the $200-billion mark.
The company's stock closed at $77.6 Monday - a new all-time high - giving it a market capitalisation of $200.26 billion.
The company now ranks just behind Verizon Communications Inc and ahead of Toyota Motor Corp on the list of world's biggest corporations.
MUST READ: Facebook's next billion to come from India, says Sheryl Sandberg
According to reports, future prospects for the Mark Zuckerberg-led Facebook are bright because the firm is yet to monetise acquisitions like photo-sharing site Instagram and mobile messaging service WhatsApp .
It is also some time away from placing a significant number of pricey video ads in users' news feeds.
Facebook has also purchased virtual reality headset maker Oculus VR Inc for nearly $2 billion.
The company on Monday announced that it now has 100 million users in Africa.

As well as a new iPhoneMarc Newson hired by Apple before rumoured 'iWatch' event
Marc Newson has experience of designing watches, which Apple is rumoured to be preparing to launch
iPhones 'most likely' to get stolen Watch
Marc Newson has become the latest world-renowned designer to join Apple, it has been announced.
Mr Newson, who has designed watches in the past, has worked on designs with Apple recently, prompting further speculation the company is planning to move into new product areas.
He is close friends with Apple's chief designer, Jonathan Ive, who called him "extraordinarily talented".
Mr Newson said he was "enormously proud" to be joining Apple.
Designed by Marc Newson for Pod in 1986
He is known for designing a wide range of products, including furniture, clothing and wristwatches. And a source suggested that there would be more to say following Apple's product launch event on Tuesday.
Marc Newson came up with this watch design in 2008
Mr Newson and Apple's senior vice-president of design, Mr Ive, have been working together over the past year. The news was originally reported by Vanity Fair on Friday.
Marc Newson designed this timepiece in 2006
"[Newson's] most relevant product would be the watches. That was before Ive was doing iPhones that made smartphones into jewellery," said Deyan Sudjic, director of the Design Museum.
He said: "The thing about Marc Newson's work is that he has a slightly more hedonistic strand, it is more playful. Where Jonathan Ive is the roundhead, Marc Newson is the cavalier.
"Marc Newson got on to the map when he did a series of furniture pieces called the Lockheed Lounge. He took design to a different area. It was more high profile and sculptural."
Marc Newson made his name with the Lockheed Lounge in 1986
Mr Ive said: "Marc is without question one of the most influential designers of this generation. He is extraordinarily talented. We are particularly excited to formalise our collaboration as we enjoy working together so much and have found our partnership so effective."
Mr Newson would be employed by Apple to work on special projects but would continue to undertake a number of independent projects outside of Apple through his design studio in the UK, his office said.
Mr Sudjic said the level of freedom he had been afforded represented a departure from Apple's standard procedure.
Marc Newson's 2014 design for Freestream Aircraft Limited
Mr Newson said: "I'm full of admiration and respect for the extraordinary design work that has been produced by Jonny and the team at Apple.
"My close friendship with Jonny has not only given me a unique insight into that process, but the opportunity to work together with him and the people that have been responsible. I am enormously proud to join them."
Mr Newson is the latest big name in the design world to join Apple. He follows:
Burberry chief executive Angela Ahrendts
Yves Saint Laurent's Paul Deneve
Nike's Ben Shaffer
Designed by Marc Newson for Jaeger Le-Coultre in 2010
More on This Story

says it would be worth even moreAlibaba announces share sale details
Alibaba's share sale has been highly anticipated
Alibaba chooses NY Stock Exchange
China's biggest e-commerce firm Alibaba Group Holding says it expects to price its initial public offering (IPO) at between $60 and $66 per a share.
It has filed to sell up to $24.3bn (£15bn) stock, which would make it the biggest technology listing in the US.
Facebook's IPO, which raised $16bn in 2012, was the previous biggest share sale for an internet company.
Alibaba accounts for 80% of all online retail sales in China.  Its sites also include Taobao, Tmall, and AliExpress.
Facebook's IPO gave it a market value of more than $100bn.  Alibaba's IPO would give it a market value of up to $162bn.
"From the very beginning our founders have aspired to create a company founded by Chinese people but that belongs to the world," said executive chairman Jack Ma in the regulatory filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Alibaba will decide on its final share price after an international roadshow set to start in the coming week.
The company is selling 123.1 million of the 320.1 million shares in the IPO.
Meanwhile, selling shareholders, including Mr Ma, Yahoo, and executive vice chairman Joe Tsai, are offering the rest.
Rising internet usage in China and a growing and affluent middle-class helped revenue in the June quarter grow by 46% year-on-year to $2.54bn.
More on This Story

So its upcoming share saleAlibaba announces share sale details
Alibaba's share sale has been highly anticipated
Alibaba chooses NY Stock Exchange
China's biggest e-commerce firm Alibaba Group Holding says it expects to price its initial public offering (IPO) at between $60 and $66 per a share.
It has filed to sell up to $24.3bn (£15bn) stock, which would make it the biggest technology listing in the US.
Facebook's IPO, which raised $16bn in 2012, was the previous biggest share sale for an internet company.
Alibaba accounts for 80% of all online retail sales in China.  Its sites also include Taobao, Tmall, and AliExpress.
Facebook's IPO gave it a market value of more than $100bn.  Alibaba's IPO would give it a market value of up to $162bn.
"From the very beginning our founders have aspired to create a company founded by Chinese people but that belongs to the world," said executive chairman Jack Ma in the regulatory filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Alibaba will decide on its final share price after an international roadshow set to start in the coming week.
The company is selling 123.1 million of the 320.1 million shares in the IPO.
Meanwhile, selling shareholders, including Mr Ma, Yahoo, and executive vice chairman Joe Tsai, are offering the rest.
Rising internet usage in China and a growing and affluent middle-class helped revenue in the June quarter grow by 46% year-on-year to $2.54bn.
More on This Story

The economics of reclining your airplane seat arent so simpleBy James Johnson September 8
(iStock)
Social scientists often advance statistical analyses that are hedged about with confidence intervals or theoretical arguments that trade upon precise initial conditions. Unfortunately, journalists are apt to invoke such analyses in ways that ignore such qualifications. In a recent post Josh Barro provides an example by misinterpreting one theoretical argument commonly known as “the Coase Theorem.”
Barro is commenting on a fracas aboard United Airlines flight 1462 last week. One passenger attached an apparatus to the seat in front of him preventing the woman occupying that seat from activating its recline function. When asked by a flight attendant to remove the apparatus the man refused. This caused mayhem that resulted in the pilot diverting the flight so that both passengers could be removed from the plane and reported to the authorities.
Barro declares himself a frequent flier and unrepentant recliner. He seems genuinely perplexed by the animus toward people like himself, reflected in media commentary, this fracas reveals. In his defense Barro invokes the “Coase Theorem” which, he believes, provides useful advice for how to avoid situations like the one that erupted on United 1462. He poses this question: “If sitting behind my reclined seat was such misery, if recliners like me are ‘monsters,’ as Mark Hemingway of The Weekly Standard puts it , why is nobody willing to pay me to stop?” Unfortunately for Barro, the Coase Theorem does not support the conclusion he draws. If we consider what the Coase Theorem actually says, we won’t be surprised either by the events on United 1462 or by the fact that no one offers Barro money to change his reclining ways.
The theorem in question is named after Ronald Coase, who won the Nobel Prize in 1991 for his work highlighting the importance of “transaction costs” for understanding how political and economic institutions emerge and operate. Coase’s basic insight was that market transactions are costly. The costs accrue from activities such as searching out trading partners, negotiating and drafting contracts, and monitoring compliance with negotiated agreements. Many economists interpret political and legal institutions as ways of minimizing such costs.
Coase is best known for the argument he makes in “ The Problem of Social Cost .” There he examines the indirect consequences — commonly known as externalities — of economic interaction. He argues that in the absence of transaction costs, if economic exchange generates harmful indirect consequences the individuals involved can bargain their way to an agreement that will resolve their dispute. The resulting agreement will have three remarkable features. First, it will not rely on centralized political or legal institutions. Second, it will be invariant, meaning that the individuals will reach the same agreement regardless of how the initial distribution of property rights might assign liability for the externality. Finally, it will be efficient, in the sense that it maximizes what Coase calls “total social product.”
Coase’s argument appears to generalize the virtues of decentralized market exchange, namely voluntary action generating efficient outcomes, to situations of strategic interdependence where markets tend to function poorly, if at all. For it to work, however, two conditions must hold. First, the initial distribution of property rights must be well defined. Second, transaction costs must be zero. This is where Barro goes astray. In the dispute between recliners and reclined upon, neither condition obtains.
Barro recognizes the first condition. He insists that, having purchased a seat with a recline option, passengers “own the right to recline.” Consequently, by installing an apparatus on the seatback in front of him, the man on United 1462, “usurped his fellow passenger’s property rights.” This claim is contestable. What is at issue is increasingly limited space and access to it. And if crew member instructions provide any indication, passengers “own the right” to the space under the seat in front of them where they are told to place their carry-on items. Recliners limit the reclined-upon passenger’s access to that space and any belongings stowed there. Moreover, passengers purchase a seat with a tray table and arguably “own the right” to use it for a variety of purposes. Reclining often interferes with that right as well. The airlines and the government treat recline function and tray tables as equivalent in their safety instructions: “In preparation for landing please make sure your tray table is stowed and your seat back is in the upright and locked position.” Despite his confident assertion, Barro is mistaken to assert that property rights to space for airline passengers are well-defined.
Even if you accept Barro’s view of property rights, what about transaction costs? Here Barro is sloppy. He depicts the dispute between recliners and reclined upon as one where “transaction costs are low.” Coase, however, insists that for his argument to work, transaction costs must be zero. Not low. Zero. Yet the reclined upon face substantial transaction costs. Most obviously, information problems abound, even beyond the ambiguous distribution of property rights. It would be costly to discern which type of person they might be bargaining with. Are they sitting behind an inveterate recliner and who might turn belligerent if asked not to recline, even for a price? Is the passenger in front of them a moralist who will take offense at the very suggestion of treating one another as bargaining partners rather than relying on norms of decency and respect? Other such possibilities are plentiful. Barro simply dismisses such problems because it suits his claim that, if only they would try, the reclined upon could easily buy off recliners like himself.
In retrospect, Coase regularly speaks of “the so called ‘Coase Theorem’” in order to distinguish his actual argument from interpretations like Barro’s. Coase recognizes that we inhabit a world not of zero transaction costs, or even one that, as Barro imagines, is ‘close enough,’ but a world pervaded by them. Disputes between recliners and the reclined upon therefore would not surprise him. He surely would not suppose, as Barro does, that we might overcome such disputes by buying one another off in an informal, decentralized way. That is possible only in the fictional world of zero transaction costs. Instead, he would point out that it is crucially important to clearly assign property rights at the outset. That recommendation takes the onus off passengers and places it squarely on the airlines who, after all, are the ones responsible not just for distributing property rights among passengers, but for putting increasing pressure on the space available to both recliners and those they recline upon.
James Johnson is a professor of political science at the University of Rochester.

Fox & Friends will address offensive comments about Ray Rice incident on Tuesdays showBy Erik Wemple September 8 Follow @ErikWemple
Fox News commonly fields complaints on social media and blogs such as this one about its programming. In most cases, the complaints focus on coverage emphases, political titling and other such issues that bear on any cable news network in the 21st century. Usually the network plows ahead, blocking out the noise from detractors.
Yet what happened on “Fox & Friends” this morning bucks the normal back-and-forth between cable news and its critics. In a segment on the latest news regarding Ray Rice’s assault of his then-girlfriend in the elevator of an Atlantic City hotel, co-hosts Brian Kilmeade and Steve Doocy traded jokes about the lessons of the episode , which was captured on a videotape published by TMZ .
“I think the message is, take the stairs,” said co-host Brian Kilmeade, to which fellow co-host Steve Doocy replied in the same spirit, “The message is when you’re in an elevator, there’s a camera.”
An unmerciful reaction has swelled on Twitter, with this comment representing the sentiment:
@AlanMarquez3 @strellamark if you’re gonna joke about domestic abuse, go apply to co-anchor for fox news. http://t.co/WWii06RbCH
— Kayla Green (@DJKilogram) September 8, 2014
A Fox News spokeswoman tells the Erik Wemple Blog that “Fox & Friends” will address this issue on the program tomorrow. Smart decision.
The White House said Monday that men need to band together to combat the acts of violence perpetrated against woman. This comes in the wake of a new video showing former Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice striking his then-fiancée in February in an Atlanta elevator. (AP)
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Ben Carson: Ray Rice needs help  not demonizingBy Vanessa Williams September 8 Follow @wapovanessa
Ben Carson (Photo by Scott Morgan for The Washington Post)
Ben Carson, the famous neurosurgeon and potential 2016 presidential contender, weighed in on the news Monday that Ray Rice, the former running back for the Baltimore Ravens, lost his job and whatever benefit of the doubt he’d been given earlier this year when news first broke about a domestic violence incident.
Rice was initially suspended for two games when reports first surfaced that he’d assaulted then-fiancee Janay Palmer in an elevator at the now-shuttered Revel Casino in Atlantic City. But the Ravens canceled his contract and the NFL suspended him indefinitely when a full video of the incident, posted by TMZ, showed him knocking out Palmer, who is now his wife, then dragging her limp body from the elevator car and dumping her in the hallway.
Carson, who spoke by phone with Steve Malzberg on Newsmax TV Monday, was asked if the team’s and the league’s actions were the “right move?”
Carson, a former professor and director of pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins in Baltimore, said that he hoped the league would get some help for Rice. Then he added:
“Let’s not all jump on the bandwagon of demonizing this guy. He obviously has some real problems. And his wife obviously knows that because she subsequently married him. So they both need some help.”
Perhaps Carson was speaking as a doctor, offering his medical opinion, but some, including Mediaite , have suggested that he was defending Rice. (And perhaps judging Janay Rice?)
After talking about the Rice case — and before moving on to President Obama’s response to the ISIS threat — Malzberg asked Carson about the  tempest in the NBA around Atlanta Hawks majority owner Bruce Levenson . Recently e-mails have surfaced in which he laments that too many black fans might be scaring off white hoops lovers and sinking his franchise. Levenson has announced they he would sell his stake in the team.
Carson responded: “I say that we have a tendency to try everybody in the media on the basis of sound bites and video clips. And it really is pretty stupid. And it goes back to my whole war on political correctness.”
Late Monday, White House press secretary Josh Earnest issued this statement in response to the video of Rice’s actions:
“The President is the father of two daughters.  And like any American, he believes that domestic violence is contemptible and unacceptable in a civilized society,” Earnest said in a statement. “Hitting a woman is not something a real man does, and that’s true whether or not an act of violence happens in the public eye, or, far too often, behind closed doors.  Stopping domestic violence is something that’s bigger than football – and all of us have a responsibility to put a stop to it.”
Vanessa Williams is a deputy national editor at The Post and edits the She The People blog. She has covered and edited local and national politics for the paper. Contact her at Vanessa.Williams@washpost.com .

Nancy Pelosi: The FCCs net neutrality rules should reclassify broadbandBy Brian Fung September 8 Follow @b_fung
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) speaks during her weekly press briefing on Capitol Hill July 10, 2014 in Washington, DC. Pelosi spoke about the immigration crisis, the highway trust fund and other issues. AFP PHOTO/Brendan SMIALOWSKIBRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images
The most powerful Democrat in the House is urging regulators to oversee broadband providers more closely in an effort to preserve an open Internet.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi wrote in a letter to the Federal Communications Commission Monday that Internet service providers should be reclassified under Title II of the Communications Act — a step toward stronger regulations that would allow the FCC to more easily prohibit attempts by ISPs to charge other businesses for smoother, faster access to consumers.
"I oppose special Internet fast lanes," wrote Pelosi. "I believe the FCC should follow the court's guidance and reclassify broadband as a telecommunications service under Title II."
With the letter, Pelosi joins a growing chorus of lawmakers who've leapt on the Title II bandwagon, including Sens. Al Franken and Ed Markey as well as Reps. Anna Eshoo and Henry Waxman. Net neutrality lawyer Marvin Ammori has a running count of supportive members on his blog.
In January, a federal court struck down the agency's existing net neutrality rules , saying that it had tried to apply Title II-style regulation on businesses that the FCC had previously said were classified under Title I. FCC chairman Tom Wheeler read the opinion as an "invitation" to wield another Title I authority — known as Section 706 — more strongly. Under his current plan, Internet providers and companies would be allowed to strike commercial deals with one another so long as they passed a "reasonableness" test. While Wheeler could decide to opt for Title II, analysts say it would be politically controversial.
Importantly, Pelosi also weighed in on two other debates swirling around the net neutrality discussion. First, she argued that net neutrality rules should apply to wireless carriers. The old rules struck down in January exempted wireless providers, but the FCC has asked the public whether the new rules it's drawing up should work the same way.
Second, Pelosi said she believes net neutrality rules should apply to the Internet backbone, where disputes between Netflix and Comcast have drawn the economics of the Internet into the public eye. Title II, said Pelosi, would allow the FCC to ensure that Web-based phone and video calls "and other data will reach their destination without interference." While that passage could be construed as referring to the last-mile portion of an ISP's network, a House staffer confirmed that she was addressing the backbone issue.
 

Fletcher is a fatherly figure: ShastriShastri and Fletcher in discussion during the recently concluded ODI series in England. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 9, 2014 11:00 am | Updated: September 10, 2014 2:52 pm
His report will decide Duncan Fletcher’s future as India’s cricket coach and Ravi Shastri, who served as Team Director during the just-concluded limited overs series against England, has put his weight behind the under-fire Zimbabwean by calling him a “solid character”.
Speaking to ‘ESPNCricinfo’, Shastri lavished praise on Fletcher, who is under the scanner after a mixed tour of England during which the Indians were thrashed in the Test series before bouncing back to win the ODIs.
“He is tremendous. He would have done over a 100 Tests as coach, which is massive. He is technically very sound. He is a solid character. He is respected. He is a fatherly figure,” Shastri said.
“I knew Fletcher from the 1983 World Cup. Then in 1984 I led an India Under-25 side to Zimbabwe, where he was my counterpart. So I was aware of his leadership qualities already. Also what made Fletcher’s job easier was having the trio of Sanjay Bangar, Bharat Arun and R Sridhar as his assistant coaches,” he added.
“Fletcher is the coach. He looks after the handling of various things including little, little stuff. My experience comes into play from the outside – of having been there, done that. The fact that I watch so much is a massive help. And my personality is such if I feel like saying something I don’t hold back. I don’t care who it is.”
Speaking about his own stint with the team, Shastri said he is glad to have made a positive difference after the 1-3 loss in the Test series.
“I got more than I would have expected. I say that only because of England’s record at home, not many sides have thrashed them 3-0 in a four-ODI series. It is a big achievement: from what they were mentally after the Test series defeat, and then to respond in that fashion made me feel proud,” he said.
“I had to make it (the dressing room) a place where the boys wanted to enjoy themselves. I was very clear when I said I am doing this job because I believe in them. And that was enough. As I got talking to them one on one, things started falling in place,” he added.
Shastri said he had plenty of one-on-one chats with the players during the ODI series, which India won 3-1. “I was not afraid to speak to a guy individually. Ground, bus, bar, dressing room, while eating – we were talking cricket. Communication is important. The advantage I had was I
had watched these boys a lot. I told them I have watched more cricket than I have played. I have learned more about cricket after I stopped playing,” he said.
Shastri especially focussed on star batsman Virat Kohli, who had a somewhat subdued run in both the Tests and ODIs. “About Virat, you knew it was due (the half-century in the Edgbaston Twenty20). The reason he did not perform earlier was a combination of mental and technical issues. You cannot get out to the same bowler in the same fashion continued…

Dixons Carphone reportsDixons and Carphone in merger talks
Dixons Carphone, the newly-merged electrical goods and mobile retailer, says it has made "a good start" in a first quarter trading statement.
Dixons Retail, the owner of Currys PC World, reported a 1% fall in year-on-year revenues, while Carphone Warehouse's revenues fell 17%.
Dixons Retail formally merged with the mobile phone retailer on 7 August, in a deal worth £3.8bn.
The new group will join the FTSE 100 on 22 September.
Sebastian James, group chief executive, said: "I am pleased to report a good start to the year and to our new shared enterprise.
"Dixons Carphone looks to be in excellent shape to tackle the perpetually shifting sands of the market and to achieve its goal of improving our customers' lives through technology."
Dixons Retail saw like-for-likes sales rise 4% in the UK and Ireland, 1% in Nordic countries, and 6% in Greece.
Sales were boosted by the football World Cup, the company said.
Carphone's like-for-like sales fell 6%, due in part to difficult trading conditions in Southern Europe.
"There is no doubt that the Spanish and Portuguese markets remain quite tough for our mobile businesses," said Mr James.
More on This Story

Apple expected to launchMarc Newson hired by Apple before rumoured 'iWatch' event
Marc Newson has experience of designing watches, which Apple is rumoured to be preparing to launch
iPhones 'most likely' to get stolen Watch
Marc Newson has become the latest world-renowned designer to join Apple, it has been announced.
Mr Newson, who has designed watches in the past, has worked on designs with Apple recently, prompting further speculation the company is planning to move into new product areas.
He is close friends with Apple's chief designer, Jonathan Ive, who called him "extraordinarily talented".
Mr Newson said he was "enormously proud" to be joining Apple.
Designed by Marc Newson for Pod in 1986
He is known for designing a wide range of products, including furniture, clothing and wristwatches. And a source suggested that there would be more to say following Apple's product launch event on Tuesday.
Marc Newson came up with this watch design in 2008
Mr Newson and Apple's senior vice-president of design, Mr Ive, have been working together over the past year. The news was originally reported by Vanity Fair on Friday.
Marc Newson designed this timepiece in 2006
"[Newson's] most relevant product would be the watches. That was before Ive was doing iPhones that made smartphones into jewellery," said Deyan Sudjic, director of the Design Museum.
He said: "The thing about Marc Newson's work is that he has a slightly more hedonistic strand, it is more playful. Where Jonathan Ive is the roundhead, Marc Newson is the cavalier.
"Marc Newson got on to the map when he did a series of furniture pieces called the Lockheed Lounge. He took design to a different area. It was more high profile and sculptural."
Marc Newson made his name with the Lockheed Lounge in 1986
Mr Ive said: "Marc is without question one of the most influential designers of this generation. He is extraordinarily talented. We are particularly excited to formalise our collaboration as we enjoy working together so much and have found our partnership so effective."
Mr Newson would be employed by Apple to work on special projects but would continue to undertake a number of independent projects outside of Apple through his design studio in the UK, his office said.
Mr Sudjic said the level of freedom he had been afforded represented a departure from Apple's standard procedure.
Marc Newson's 2014 design for Freestream Aircraft Limited
Mr Newson said: "I'm full of admiration and respect for the extraordinary design work that has been produced by Jonny and the team at Apple.
"My close friendship with Jonny has not only given me a unique insight into that process, but the opportunity to work together with him and the people that have been responsible. I am enormously proud to join them."
Mr Newson is the latest big name in the design world to join Apple. He follows:
Burberry chief executive Angela Ahrendts
Yves Saint Laurent's Paul Deneve
Nike's Ben Shaffer
Designed by Marc Newson for Jaeger Le-Coultre in 2010
More on This Story

It will be the third strikeTop EU court rules on flight delays
Lufthansa says a pilots' strike has meant cancelling 200 flights and that the stoppage has also hit the travel plans of about 25,000 passengers.
The German airline has been locked in a dispute with the Vereinigung Cockpit union over an early retirement scheme.
Lufthansa said short-haul and medium-haul flights leaving Frankfurt airport, Europe's third largest, had been hit.
Pilots at Lufthansa's budget carrier Germanwings went on strike last week over early retirement.
Friday's strike involves a six-hour stoppage from 1500 - 2100 GMT.
"We will continue to strike until Lufthansa brings an end to the confrontational way in which they deal with staff," union official Joerg Handwerg told the Reuters news agency.
The pilots, who staged a three-day nationwide strike in April over the same issue, want Lufthansa to retain a 50-year old scheme that allows pilots to take early retirement at 55 and still receive up to 60% of their pay.
The carrier, which had wanted to scrap the scheme entirely, wants to increase the average age at which its pilots retire to 61.
Lufthansa chief executive Carsten Spohr has said changes are necessary to keep the airline's costs down.
Although Friday's strike will not cause as much disruption as April's industrial action, it coincides with the end of the summer holiday period in some German states.
Last Friday's Germanwings strike meant the cancellation of more than 100 flights, hitting the plans of about 15,000 passengers.
More on This Story

Rupee Extends Losses as Corporate Dollar Sales Dry UpYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Extends Losses as Corporate Dollar Sales Dry Up
Reuters | Updated On: September 09, 2014 13:53 (IST)
The rupee extended losses to trade at 60.52/53 versus Monday's close of 60.29/30. Traders said dollar selling by corporates, seen earlier in the day, has dried up.
State-run banks continued to buy the greenback, likely on behalf of their importer clients.
Dollar scaled to a 14-month high against a basket of currencies after a Federal Reserve study made investors reassess prospects for higher US interest rates.
Index of the dollar against six majors was up 0.2 per cent.
Traders expect resistance for the pair at around 60.55 levels. Most Asian currencies were trading weaker compared with the dollar.
Traders will continue to monitor foreign fund flows for direction. The Nifty was trading down 0.5 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Narmada waters to fuel Coca Cola s new bottling plant at Sanand in GujaratBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Diabetics pay little attention to salt warnings: studyBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Bullying from brothers and sisters may be harmfulBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

UK industrial output recordedTable notes:
Headline figures for the Index of Production are:
Total Index of Production; Sector B Mining & quarrying; and within this Division 06 Oil & gas extraction; Sector C Manufacturing; Sector D Electricity, gas, steam & air conditioning; and Sector E Water supply, sewerage & waste management.
Source: Primarily Monthly Business Survey (Production and Services) - Office for National Statistics
Download table
(17 Kb)
Figure 4: Contribution to production growth, month on same month a year ago
Growth rates can be found in the chart download or in the attached IoP 5 tables
Notes:
Source: Primarily Monthly Business Survey (Production and Services) - Office for National Statistics
Download chart
(19.5 Kb)
Figure 5: Contribution to production growth, month on month
Growth rates can be found in the chart download or in the attached IoP 5 tables
Notes:
Source: Primarily Monthly Business Survey (Production and Services) - Office for National Statistics
Download chart
(27.5 Kb)
Total production
As seen in Table 3, total production output in July 2014 increased by 1.7% compared with July 2013. Manufacturing, the largest component of production, increased by 2.2% compared with a year ago and contributed 1.6 percentage points to total production. The increase in manufacturing was followed by an increase in the electricity, gas, steam & air-conditioning sector, which increased by 3.4% and contributed 0.3 percentage points, whilst the mining & quarrying sector output remained flat at 0.0% compared with a year ago. These increases in production were partially offset by a decrease in water supply, sewerage & waste management output, which decreased by 1.7% and contributed 0.2 percentage points to total production.
Between June 2014 and July 2014 total production increased by 0.5%, with increases in three of its main sectors, see Table 3. This is the second consecutive increase since May 2014 and slightly higher than the growth reported in June. The largest contribution to the increase was from the electricity, gas, steam & air-conditioning sector, which increased by 3.6% and contributed 0.3 percentage points to total production. This increase was followed by increases in manufacturing, which increased by 0.3% and contributed 0.2 percentage points; and in mining & quarrying, which increased by 0.4% and contributed 0.1 percentage points to total production. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in water supply, sewerage & waste management output, which decreased by 0.3% and had a negligible contribution to total production.
Manufacturing
Manufacturing output increased by 2.2% between July 2013 and July 2014 and contributed 1.6 percentage points to total production growth. Output increased in nine of the 13 manufacturing subsectors (see Figure 4 for the contribution to production growth from each of the main sectors and subsectors).
The largest upward contribution to manufacturing growth came from the manufacture of rubber, plastic products & other non-metallic mineral products. This subsector increased by 10.6%, the tenth consecutive increase since September 2013 and contributed 0.6 percentage points to the growth in production. The second largest contributor to manufacturing growth, compared with a year ago, was the manufacture of transport equipment. This subsector increased by 3.5% and contributed 0.4 percentage points (see Figure 4). This subsector was followed by the manufacture of basic metals & metal products, which increased by 4.1% and contributed 0.3 percentage points to total production.
In contrast, the largest downward contribution to manufacturing came from the manufacture of coke & refined petroleum products, which decreased by 14.6%, the seventh consecutive decrease since December 2013 and contributed 0.2 percentage points. This was followed by the manufacture of textiles, wearing apparel & leather products and by the manufacture of electrical equipment, which decreased by 6.3% and 4.1% respectively compared with a year ago (see Figure 4 for contributions).
Manufacturing output increased by 0.3% between June 2014 and July 2014 and contributed 0.2 percentage points to total production. There were increases in eight of the 13 manufacturing subsectors (see Figure 5). The manufacturing subsector with the largest contribution to total production was the manufacture of basic pharmaceutical products & pharmaceutical preparations, which increased by 4.0% and contributed 0.2 percentage points, having decreased the previous month.
The second largest manufacturing subsector contributing to total production was the manufacture of food products, beverages & tobacco, which increased by 1.0%, the second consecutive increase and contributed 0.1 percentage points. This subsector was followed by the manufacture of computer, electronic & optical products, which increased by 2.2% and contributed 0.1 percentage points, having decreased the previous month.
In contrast to the above increases, the manufacturing subsector with the largest downward contribution to total production was the manufacture of transport equipment. This subsector decreased by 1.3% and contributed 0.1 percentage points, having increased the previous month by 3.9%. This subsector was followed by decreases in basic metals & metal products, which fell by 1.1% and in the manufacture of textiles, wearing apparel & leather products, which fell by 3.9%.
Mining and quarrying
Mining & quarrying output was flat (0.0% growth) between July 2013 and July 2014. The subsector with the largest downward contribution (see Figure 4) was the extraction of crude petroleum & natural gas, which decreased by 1.1% and contributed 0.1 percentage points. This was followed by the mining of coal & lignite, which decreased by 18.9% and had a negligible contribution to total production. These subsectors were offset by an increase in other mining & quarrying output of 3.1%, which contributed 0.1 percentage points to total production.
Mining & quarrying output increased by 0.4% between June 2014 and July 2014 and contributed 0.1 percentage points (see Figure 5) to total production, having decreased by 1.0% the previous month due to maintenance in some of the oil resources. The largest contribution to the increase in mining & quarrying came from the extraction of crude petroleum & natural gas, which increased by 0.5% and had limited contribution to total production at just under 0.5 percentage points. All the other subsectors within mining & quarrying had negligible contributions to total production.
Electricity, gas, steam & air conditioning
Electricity, gas, steam & air conditioning output increased by 3.4% in July 2014 compared with July 2013 and contributed 0.3 percentage points to total production (see Figure 4). There were increases in both of its subsectors. The main cause of the increase was the manufacture of gas & distribution of gaseous fuels through mains, which increased by 11.7% and contributed 0.2 percentage points to total production, having decreased the previous month. Electric power generation, transmission & distribution output increased by 0.8% and contributed 0.1 percentage points to total production.
Electricity, gas, steam & air conditioning output increased by 3.6% in July 2014 compared with June 2014 and contributed 0.3 percentage points (see Figure 5) to total production. There were increases in both of its subsectors. The manufacture of gas & distribution of gaseous fuels through mains increased by 7.4% and contributed 0.2 percentage points to total production. Electric power generation, transmission & distribution increased by 2.3% and contributed 0.1 percentage points to total production. Anecdotal evidence suggests increase in demand was a contributing factor even though the average temperature during July 2014 was marginally higher compared with June 2014. In addition, there was an increase in the share of gas used for the purpose of generating electricity.
Water & waste management
Water supply, sewerage & waste management output decreased by 1.7% between July 2013 and July 2014 and contributed 0.2 percentage points to total production, having increased slightly the previous month. This reflects decreases in two of its four subsectors (see Figure 4). The largest contributor was the sewerage subsector, which decreased by 5.4% and contributed just over 0.1 percentage points. This was followed by a decrease in water collection, treatment & supply, which decreased by 4.9% and contributed 0.1 percentage points to total production. These decreases were partially offset by increases in the waste collection, treatment & disposal activities subsector, which increased by 2.4% and contributed 0.1 percentage points and in remediation activities & other waste management services, which increased by 2.2% and had a negligible contribution to total production.
Water supply, sewerage & waste management output decreased by 0.3% between June 2014 and July 2014 and had a negligible contribution to total production growth, having increased the previous month. The decrease reflected decreases in three of its subsectors (see Figure 5). The largest contributor was the sewerage subsector, which decreased by 2.8% and contributed 0.1 percentage points to total production. This was followed by decreases in remediation activities & other waste management services, which decreased by 1.0% and in water collection, treatment & supply, which decreased by 0.1%. Both subsectors had negligible contributions to total production. These decreases were largely offset by an increase of 1.1% in the waste collection, treatment & disposal activities subsector.
Revisions to the Index of Production
Revisions to the Index of Production follow the National Accounts revisions policy (27.8 Kb Pdf) . Revisions are caused by a number of factors including, but not limited to: revisions to source data due to late responses to the Monthly Business Survey (MBS), actual data replacing forecast data and revisions to seasonal factors that are re-estimated every period. ONS produces revisions triangles of production and manufacturing growth to provide users with one indication of the reliability of this key indicator. Statistical tests are performed on the average revision to test if it is statistically significantly different from zero. Further information can be found in background note 5.
In this release of data, there are no revisions to previous periods.
Background notes
What's new?
On 4 July 2014, ONS published a short story describing how the pharmaceuticals industry has changed over time.
An article titled  'Impact of upcoming improvements on estimates of real and nominal annual and quarterly GDP: 1997 to 2012' was published on 3 September 2014.
Upcoming changes
The index of production release for August 2014, to be published on 7 October 2014, will have a revisions period back to January 1997. The data will be reweighted to 2011 from 2010 and have a 2011 reference year, instead of 2010. This will be in line with the open revision period for the 2014 Blue Book publication on 31 October 2014. The estimates will also be consistent with the Quarterly National Accounts published on 30 September 2014.
Code of Practice for Official Statistics
National Statistics are produced to high professional standards set out in the Code of Practice for Official Statistics . They undergo regular quality assurance reviews to ensure that they meet customer needs. They are produced free from any political interference.
Understanding the data
Short guide to the Index of Production
This statistical bulletin gives details of the index of output of the production industries in the United Kingdom. Index numbers of output in this statistical bulletin are on the base 2010=100 and are classified to the 2007 Standard Industrial Classification (SIC). The production industries, which accounted for 15.2% of gross domestic product in 2010, cover mining & quarrying (Section B), manufacturing (Section C), gas & electric (Section D), and water supply & sewerage (Section E).
Interpreting the data
The non-seasonally adjusted series contain elements relating to the impact of the standard reporting period, moving holidays and trading day activity. When making comparisons it is recommended that users focus on seasonally adjusted estimates as these have the seasonal effects and systematic calendar related components removed.
Figures for the most recent months are provisional and subject to revision in light of (a) late responses to surveys and administrative sources and (b) revisions to seasonal adjustment factors which are re-estimated every month and reviewed annually (changes from the latest review are included in this release).
Definitions and explanations
Definitions found within the main statistical bulletin are listed here:
Chained volume measure
An index number from a chain index of quantity. The index number for the reference period of the index may be set equal to 100 or to the estimated monetary value of the item in the reference period.
Index number
A measure of the average level of prices, quantities or other measured characteristics relative to their level for a defined reference period or location. It is usually expressed as a percentage.
Seasonally adjusted
Seasonal adjustment aids interpretation by removing effects associated with the time of the year or the arrangement of the calendar, which could obscure movements of interest.
Use of the data
The IoP is a key economic indicator and one of the earliest short-term measures of economic activity. The main output is a seasonally adjusted estimate of total production and broad sector groupings of mining & quarrying, manufacturing, energy and water supply & sewerage. The total IoP estimate and various breakdowns are widely used in private and public sector institutions, particularly the Bank of England, Her Majesty’s Treasury and the Office for Budget Responsibility, to assist in informed policy and decision making.
Methods
An article about the Index of Production methodology (78.4 Kb Pdf) is available on the Office for National Statistics website .
Composition of the data
The Index of Production uses a variety of different data from sources which are produced on either a quarterly or monthly basis.
Most of the series are derived using current price turnover deflated by a suitable price index. This includes the Monthly Business Survey (MBS) data; an ONS short-term survey of various industries in the economy. It is one of the main data sources used in the compilation of the Index of Production.
Seasonal adjustment
The index numbers in this statistical bulletin are all seasonally adjusted. This aids interpretation by removing annually recurring fluctuations, for example, due to holidays or other regular seasonal patterns. Unadjusted data are also available.
Seasonal adjustment removes regular variation from a time series. Regular variation includes effects due to month lengths, different activity near particular events such as shopping activity before Christmas, and regular holidays such as the May bank holiday. Some features of the calendar are not regular each year, but are predictable if we have enough data - for example the number of certain days of the week in a month may have an effect, or the impact of the timing of Easter. As Easter changes between March and April we can estimate its effect on time series and allocate it between March and April depending on where Easter falls. Estimates of the effects of day of the week and Easter are used respectively to make trading day and Easter adjustments prior to seasonal adjustments.
Although leap years only happen every four years, they are predictable and regular and their impact can be estimated. Hence, if there is a leap year effect, it is removed as part of regular seasonal adjustment.
Deflation
It is common for the value of a group of financial transactions to be measured in several time periods. The values measured will include both the change in the volume sold and the effect of the change of prices over that year. Deflation is the process whereby the effect of price change is removed from a set of values.
All series, unless otherwise quoted, are chained volume measures. Deflators adjust the value series to take out the effect of price change to give the volume series.
Quality
Basic quality information
A common pitfall in interpreting data is that expectations of accuracy and reliability in early estimates are often too high. Revisions are an inevitable consequence of the trade off between timeliness and accuracy. Early estimates are based on incomplete data.
Very few statistical revisions arise as a result of ‘errors’ in the popular sense of the word. All estimates, by definition, are subject to statistical ‘error’ but in this context the word refers to the uncertainty inherent in any process or calculation that uses sampling, estimation or modelling. Most revisions reflect either the adoption of new statistical techniques, or the incorporation of new information which allows the statistical error of previous estimates to be reduced. Only rarely are there avoidable ‘errors’ such as human or system failures, and such mistakes are made quite clear when they do occur.
ONS plans to update the IoP standard errors analysis last carried out in 2006 to take account of the new standard industrial classification (SIC07) which was implemented in 2011. This work is reliant upon the availability of expert resources, but it is hoped to begin this work in September 2014, with an estimated completion date of the end of March 2015.
Quality and methodology information report
A quality and methodology information report for this Statistical Bulletin can now be found on the ONS website .
Revision triangles
One indication of the reliability of the key indicators in this bulletin can be obtained by monitoring the size of revisions. The table below is based on the revisions which have occurred over the last five years. Please note that these indicators only report summary measures for revisions. The revised data may, themselves, be subject to sampling or other sources of error.
Table 4 presents a summary of the differences between the first estimates published between August 2008 and July 2013 and the estimates published 12 months later.
Table 4: Revisions July 2014
Value in latest period
Revisions between first publication and estimates twelve months later
Growth rates
Average over the last 60 months
 
Average over the last 60 months without regard to sign (average absolute revision)
Production - 3 month

nice interactive graphic hereLast updated: February 6, 2014 8:20 pm
The SAC network
By Kara Scannell, Ben Freese and Johanna Kassel
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4e10541e-f4ba-11e2-a62e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oriental Insurance Company Ltd to pay Rs 45K in burglary caseBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Banks want repo facility on SaturdaysBanks seek repo facility on Saturdays
Manojit Saha & Abhijit Lele | Mumbai Sep 10, 2014 12:42 AM IST
To address short-term asset-liability mismatches during weekends, lenders, led by State Bank of India (SBI), have urged the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to provide support through the liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) on Saturdays, too.
Bankers said as clearing facilities such as real-time gross settlements (RTGS) and real-time fund transfers were operational on Saturdays, they required funds in case of major outflows. “We have sought a repo window on Saturdays because on these days, the NEFT (national electronic fund transfers) and RTGS go through, but there is no repo,” said Arundhati Bhattacharya, chairman of State Bank of India.
Banks can borrow through the LAF at the repo rate, currently eight per cent. Repo borrowings are capped at 25 per cent of banks’ net demand and time liabilities.
Another reason why banks have sought the facility on Saturdays is they have to adhere to a cash reserve ratio (CRR) requirement of 95 per cent daily and 100 per cent on a fortnightly basis. “As CRR has to be maintained at 95 per cent on a daily basis, I cannot afford to take any chances. If there is a sudden big payment, I can take funds from the repo window at the end of the day. If there is no such window, I have to keep excess funds,” Bhattacharya said.
Penal action might be taken against banks defaulting on the CRR requirement.
Earlier, banks were allowed to maintain CRR at 70 per cent on a daily basis. In July 2013, when the rupee-dollar exchange rate turned volatile, RBI raised this requirement to 99 per cent, among other liquidity-tightening measures to curb speculation in the currency market.
After the exchange rate stabilised, these measures were rolled back, but the CRR requirement was retained at 95 per cent. The central bank argued banks could use technology effectively to predict inflows and outflows.
In September last year, the daily requirement was cut to 95 per cent.
In line with the recommendations of a committee headed by RBI Deputy Governor Urjit Patel, set up to review the country’s monetary policy framework, the central bank has been urging banks to reduce their dependence on the daily repo window. It has, instead, favoured term repo auctions.
Banks have also been asked to put in place a model to predict their liquidity needs more accurately.
The shift to a term repos had led to volatility in overnight rates. In July, the call money rate ranged between six per cent and nine per cent, intraday. To address the volatility in overnight rates, RBI started conducting term repo auctions more frequently, in addition to daily variable repo auctions. These steps have, to an extent, helped address intraday volatility.
Bhattacharya agreed RBI’s recent measures had been effective. “If repos are few and far between, there is a problem. We had requested RBI to conduct repos more frequently, which the central bank has now put in place. That has reduced volatility,” she said.

#ExplainAFilmPlotBadly in 140 charactersComments
Condense a film plot into 140 characters, make sure it is bad. That's the best way one can summarise #ExplainAFilmPlotBadly, a hashtag which has been trending on Twitter for the last few days and still going strong.
Here are a few sterling examples: "It's all about a billionaire who dresses like a bat," or "A man sits on an island and talks to a volleyball." And the best: "Boat load of people take Ice Bucket Challenge. It ends badly. The girl floats away."
Here's looking a few Bollywood films and explaining them badly. Some directors did that do their films though.
Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge
Case study on why conservative Indian parents should never let their daughters go backpacking across Europe - they may actually fall in love with guys who buy/steal beer. Haw!
Hum Aapke Hain Kaun
A very long wedding video, the pet dog also gets to play dress up.
Lagaan
Never mess with Indians when it comes to cricket.
Slumdog Millionaire
Being poor in India is a **itty business. Even the girl comes running for you only after you become a crorepati.
Gadar
Sunny Deol takes on a hand pump. Sunny Deol wins.
Krrish
You are an Indian superhero. But more importantly, you are Hrithik Roshan so no underpants on top of bodysuit. Just wear an itsy-bitsy mask, the cast still can't figure out it's you.
Kahaani
Never take women lightly, whether they are pregnant or not. They wear hairpins, don't they?
Om Shanti Om
Shah Rukh Khan will overact, even if he is born twice.
Ragini MMS
Sunny Leone gets undressed. And yes, there is a ghost in there somewhere too.
Dhoom franchise
Abhishek Bachchan and Uday Chopra are the heroes. Thank God, there are the bad guys; they always get away.
Sequels: This year, movie sequels were big. Be it dhoom 3, or Krrish 3, these were the movies that really made the big bucks at the BO. (Source: facebook/Dhoom3TheMovie)

SC notice to Sinha for  meeting  2G  coal scam accusedCBI chief gets second SC notice in 2 days
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 09, 2014
First Published: 12:45 IST(9/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:30 IST(10/9/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court asked CBI director Ranjit Sinha on Tuesday to respond to allegations by an activist organisation that he was protecting people linked with the coal allocation scam, a major setback for the top investigator already facing similar charges in the 2G case.
Two NGOS – Common Cause and the Centre for Public Interest Litigation – allege that Sinha is getting in the way of investigations in high-profile corruption cases involving the alleged abuse in the way telecommunications bandwidth and coal mines were allocated.
They also allege the CBI chief met at his residence several executives from companies being investigated and was being influenced to weaken the cases against them.
Common Cause asked the court to set up a special investigation team (SIT) for a conflict of interest inquiry against Sinha if he failed to respond satisfactorily to the charges.
The bench headed by chief justice RM Lodha did not ask Sinha to step away from the coal scam probe, as demanded by Common Cause, and gave him until September 19 to offer an explanation.
Sinha last week ruled out resigning, but said he would recuse himself from the coal scam probe if the SC asked him to do so.
The NGO says Sinha met Congress leader and coal scam accused Vijay Darda at the CBI director’s residence when the investigating agency was probing the politician.  “Certain developments have taken place and there are serious allegations in the application. Our concern is regarding the investigation in this matter. You must respond to it,” the court told Sinha’s lawyer.
On Monday, a bench headed by justice HL Dattu monitoring the 2G scam case sought a clarification from Sinha on allegations against him of entertaining people being investigated at his official residence in New Delhi.
Minister of state in the Prime Minister’s Office Jitendra Singh refused to spell out if the Modi government was planning to act against Sinha. “I do not want to say anything at this time... The government will take a view as and when required,” he said.

that figure is disputed thoughGamers seem to like being involved in the development process”
End Quote Chris Dring MCV
While Destiny has held one of the biggest open betas to date, it is not the only one to turn to the tactic in recent months.
"What we're looking for is all of the little stuff that we may have overlooked or have been unable to achieve with a limited amount of people playing," explains Phil Robb, creative director of the studio behind forthcoming title Evolve.
Turtle Rock Studios' four-on-one monster hunting game recently delayed its release until February 2015 after hosting a "closed" alpha test on PCs.
It has since scheduled an "open" Xbox One beta for January.
Like Destiny's beta, that sounds rather late in the day for make-or-break tests, but one expert said there was sense to such scheduling.
Evolve is a game in which four players attack a monster controlled by another person
"[I] disagree that they are 'so late that the developer really doesn't have time' to use what they learn," states Michael Pachter, digital medial analyst at Wedbush Securities.
"They can fix things on the fly, and can change things via update, so I don't see the knowledge as wasted."
Indeed, it's increasingly common for developers to provide release-day updates that gamers are urged to install before playing for the first time. PlayStation 4 owners already have a 296MB patch for Destiny to download.
"The more chances you have to get the product into gamers' hands, the more likely you are to find that stuff before release," notes Mr Robb.
Try then buy
Even so, some industry watchers suggest betas also serve as a valuable marketing tool to drive purchases before discounts and second-hand sales have a chance to erode earnings.
"Releasing a beta is a big vote of confidence in a title," explains Lewis Ward, director of gaming at market analysis company IDC.
"It's like the developer or publisher saying, 'Here you go. You know you won't be able to resist this once it comes out.'
"Assuming the beta is of good enough quality, and the Destiny beta was for me, then it will help seed additional sales through viral word of mouth."
Of course, public reaction can go both ways.
Battlefield Hardline was delayed to 2015 after a beta highlighted issues with the game
"You run the risk of some people not understanding what a beta is, and that could potentially have a negative impact," acknowledges Steve Papoutsis, executive producer on the forthcoming cops-and-robbers themed Battlefield Hardline.
It held a public beta in June, and was subsequently pushed back from an October release until "early 2015", with a second beta ordered.
"One of the reasons EA gave us more time on Battlefield Hardline was so we could actually act on the feedback that was provided," he adds.
Activision's $500m game?
Bobby Kotick, chief executive of Activision, raised eyebrows in May when he told a conference that his company was taking a "$500m bet" on Destiny.
The company later clarified that the sum included marketing and other costs - but it meant the title was instantly hailed as the most expensive video game to date.
Commentators noted that Grand Theft Auto V had cost about about half the sum to make and promote.
But analyst Michael Pachter suggests Mr Kotick's figure is overstated.
"I think Activision put a number out there that is pretty meaningless," he told the BBC.
"The game cost around $180m to make, and its initial marketing budget will likely be $100m, so they will spend $280m before they sell the first copy.
"After that, 'costs' probably include the manufacturer's royalty and the setting up of a server farm and call centre infrastructure, as well as continuing development costs on downloadable content (DLC), etc.
"I think the number is way overblown, and too widely reported, and it was put out there so that people like you would ask people like me about it."
More betas?
Mr Ward is convinced the beta trend will become more prevalent.
Indies and crowdfunded game will benefit, he says, from offering their backers early access.
Meanwhile the bigger budgeted titles can negotiate first access to their trials in return for extra publicity from either Sony or Microsoft, for whom it can offer a more cost-effective way to differentiate their platforms than funding exclusive titles of their own.
Destiny mixes together several genres including first-person shooter and role-playing game
There's also the suggestion that people enjoy playing unfinished titles over the course of several days more than playing a short demo of a completed section, as used to be the case.
"Gamers seem to like being involved in the development process," suggests Mr Dring.
"Destiny was always going to be a big hit.
"But it was that beta that made it the fastest selling new brand in video games industry history."
More on This Story

The UK trade deficit widenedGeographical breakdown:          UK
Correction
ONS has suspended the publication of expenditure estimates for UK residents’ visits abroad and overseas residents’ visits to the UK within the September 2014 Overseas Travel and Tourism release , published on 13 November 2014, due to an error identified within the series. This error affects expenditure estimates for January to September 2014 and has resulted in the UK Statistics Authority suspending the National Statistics designation of the expenditure series within the Overseas Travel and Tourism releases until the figures have been corrected.
These data feed into the UK Trade release as imports and exports of services and the errors led the UK Statistics Authority to suspend the National Statistics designation of UK Trade on 14 November 2014 following a request from the National Statistician.
Corrected expenditure estimates for UK residents’ visits abroad and overseas residents’ visits to the UK will be published for all months, January to September 2014, and Quarter 1 and 2, as soon as possible. Please note that the UK Trade time series data are also affected by this error and will be updated with the corrected data when it becomes available. ONS will announce the timetable for the publishing of corrected figures prior to their release. The ONS statement regarding this error can be found here .
In this release

Gold at Three-month Low on Global Cues  Weak DemandDLF Falls 3%, Real Estate Stocks Under Pressure
New Delhi: Extending losses for the eighth straight day, gold prices tumbled to trade at a three-month low of Rs 27,600 per ten gram by falling Rs 150 in the national capital on Tuesday on sustained selling by stockists amid a weakening global trend.
Silver also eased by Rs 175 to Rs 41,900 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said sentiment remained bearish after gold and silver fell in global markets as the dollar's rally to a 14-month high dampened demand for the precious metal as an alternative investment.
Gold in New York, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell by one per cent to $1,254.30 an ounce after dipping to $1,252.10, the lowest since June 10.
Silver also fell by one per cent to $18.96 an ounce.
Besides, sluggish demand from jewellers and retailers dampened the sentiment, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 150 each to Rs 27,600 and Rs 27,400 per ten grams respectively, a level last seen on June 13. The yellow metal had lost Rs 550 in the previous seven sessions.
Sovereign also shed Rs 50 to Rs 24,500 per piece of eight gram.
In line with a general weak trend, silver ready fell by Rs 175 to Rs 41,900 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 205 to Rs 41,870 per kg.
However, silver coins continued to be asked at previous level of Rs 73,000 for buying and Rs 74,000 for selling of 100 pieces
Story first published on: September 09, 2014 14:38 (IST)

Sensex equals gold @ 27 200; here s what makes a better betYou are here: Home > Collections > Gold
Sensex equals gold @ 27,200; here's what makes a better bet
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 9, 2014, 03.00PM IST
Tags:
Gold
(Gold has plunged nearly…)
NEW DELHI: Gold might have delivered negative returns so far in the year 2014 as equity as an asset class gained momentum, but it has certainly not lost its sheen, say analysts.
Gold has plunged nearly 6 per cent compared to a nearly 29 per cent rally seen in the equity market (refer chart) and has outperformed the equity market 3 times in the last six years.
However, one interesting point is both Sensex and Gold are now trading around the same level in trade on Tuesday. The only difference is Sensex rallied nearly 29 per cent so far in the year, while Gold saw some bit of profit taking.
"Gold will never lose its sheen as an investment class. The right way to look at it is as part of scientific asset allocation. At any point, the investor should have exposure to gold. This has been true for millennia and is equally true today," said Jayant Manglik, President - Retail Distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
Investment decisions are moving more towards equities and debt due to gradual improvement in global conditions and changing outlook towards the Indian markets, say analysts.
"In the past couple of years, equities and debt have significantly outperformed against gold and now with the improving outlook, money is expected to move towards these asset classes rather than gold," said Tushar Pendharkar , Equity Strategist, Right Horizons Financial Services.
Every asset class has to go through money rotation as per the phase of the economy. Gold as an asset class will always see price appreciation and it attracts investors during the times of uncertainty, say analysts.
"If we see the phase of 2008, which encountered one of the biggest stock market crashes of the history, investors jumped on to gold as gold is considered as a safe haven and always outperforms other asset classes during a poor phase of the economy," said Vivek Gupta - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"If we notice the rise of gold from the levels of 2007, gold has risen from the lows of 8540 to the highs of 35074. So, gold has already risen 4.1 times from 2007 up to now," he added.
If we see the phase of 2008 to 2014, although the economy has recovered, gold was in the phase of an extended bull market, explains Gupta.
Should investors cut down their holding in Gold?
Looking at the current situation, equity markets are still in the early phase of a bull market and during the coming year it should continue the up rise. So, this is time where investors should shift their investments from gold to equity. Gold in the coming year would either trade in a sideways range or should correct.
So, considering the fact that preference towards gold would be lesser in the long run, should investors reduce their exposure in gold?
Even though gold might be underperforming, but portfolio managers do not recommend investors to reduce exposure in gold.
Gold's weight in the ordinary Indian's investment basket tends to be in the range of 15-20 per cent of the total portfolio and this has contributed immensely at the time of volatility in safeguarding returns.
"Data over the last several years shows that gold investment reduces overall risk and volatility of the portfolio while enhancing returns," said Manglik.
"The returns angle is especially true in India because the depreciation of the rupee against the US dollar has led to gold prices giving positive returns in almost any five-year block for the last about thirty years," he added.
Investors should not make exit from its investment just because the prices have corrected in the past few months. However, they should avoid further allocation.
"I would suggest no fresh investment in gold at this juncture considering better opportunities in the fixed income space than fund idling into this asset class," says Pendharkar.
"Additionally, higher investments in equities and debt would automatically dilute holdings of gold in overall portfolio, which could be an appropriate way to reduce exposure," he added.
Gupta is also of the view that investors, who are invested in gold from lower levels, should book profits in or at least they should not add any further investments as of now.
It is always better to sail with the wind and right now the wind is blowing in the direction of equity, he added.
Outlook for the next 1 year:
Gold prices show a strong support at about Rs 25,000 per ten gram on the technical charts.
"So any dip in prices should be seen as an opportunity to accumulate gold and then aim for a Rs 31,800 target within a year," said Manglik.
"However, this does not take into account newer developments in the global financial and geopolitical space and prices will react significantly to these changes," he added.
S M Sakthi Prakaash, Lead Research Analyst of WealthRays Securities, is of the view that fundamentals are looking very weak for gold and its value is expected to fall in the coming year.
However, retail buying could provide support for gold prices at lower level and could prevent a steep fall in gold prices. Gold futures may be expected to trade in the range of Rs 25000-25500 in the next 6 months to 1 year, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

press event in CaliforniaMarc Newson hired by Apple before rumoured 'iWatch' event
Marc Newson has experience of designing watches, which Apple is rumoured to be preparing to launch
iPhones 'most likely' to get stolen Watch
Marc Newson has become the latest world-renowned designer to join Apple, it has been announced.
Mr Newson, who has designed watches in the past, has worked on designs with Apple recently, prompting further speculation the company is planning to move into new product areas.
He is close friends with Apple's chief designer, Jonathan Ive, who called him "extraordinarily talented".
Mr Newson said he was "enormously proud" to be joining Apple.
Designed by Marc Newson for Pod in 1986
He is known for designing a wide range of products, including furniture, clothing and wristwatches. And a source suggested that there would be more to say following Apple's product launch event on Tuesday.
Marc Newson came up with this watch design in 2008
Mr Newson and Apple's senior vice-president of design, Mr Ive, have been working together over the past year. The news was originally reported by Vanity Fair on Friday.
Marc Newson designed this timepiece in 2006
"[Newson's] most relevant product would be the watches. That was before Ive was doing iPhones that made smartphones into jewellery," said Deyan Sudjic, director of the Design Museum.
He said: "The thing about Marc Newson's work is that he has a slightly more hedonistic strand, it is more playful. Where Jonathan Ive is the roundhead, Marc Newson is the cavalier.
"Marc Newson got on to the map when he did a series of furniture pieces called the Lockheed Lounge. He took design to a different area. It was more high profile and sculptural."
Marc Newson made his name with the Lockheed Lounge in 1986
Mr Ive said: "Marc is without question one of the most influential designers of this generation. He is extraordinarily talented. We are particularly excited to formalise our collaboration as we enjoy working together so much and have found our partnership so effective."
Mr Newson would be employed by Apple to work on special projects but would continue to undertake a number of independent projects outside of Apple through his design studio in the UK, his office said.
Mr Sudjic said the level of freedom he had been afforded represented a departure from Apple's standard procedure.
Marc Newson's 2014 design for Freestream Aircraft Limited
Mr Newson said: "I'm full of admiration and respect for the extraordinary design work that has been produced by Jonny and the team at Apple.
"My close friendship with Jonny has not only given me a unique insight into that process, but the opportunity to work together with him and the people that have been responsible. I am enormously proud to join them."
Mr Newson is the latest big name in the design world to join Apple. He follows:
Burberry chief executive Angela Ahrendts
Yves Saint Laurent's Paul Deneve
Nike's Ben Shaffer
Designed by Marc Newson for Jaeger Le-Coultre in 2010
More on This Story

Saqlain Mushtaq offers help to suspended Saeed AjmalPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:29 pm
The pioneer of ‘doosra’ Saqlain Mushtaq on Tuesday came out in support of Pakistan off-spinner Saeed Ajmal, who has been suspended from bowling international cricket by the ICC after his action was deemed illegal by parent body’s expert panel.
Saqlain, one of the most wily off-break bowlers of all time took to micro-blogging site twitter offering his help for the troubled spinner.
“I will help and support saeed ajmal to the best of my ability if required,” Saqlain wrote on his twitter page.
Ajmal’s teammate and fast bowler Umar Gul also expressed his solidarity with his colleague and wished that he would soon be back in Pakistan colours.
“Wish @REALsaeedajmal can modify his bowling action n get back with a bang, biggest asset of Pakistan cricket. all prayers wd (sic) him,” Gul wrote on twitter.
However South African opening batsman Quinton de Kock made a tongue-in-cheek remark on the social networking site about the decision on Ajmal.
“Whether he chucks it or not, I’d like to see someone chuck it better than he does #SaeedAjmal” De Kock commented.
Incidentally, Ajmal has taken the highest number of wickets in international cricket across all formats in the past three years.
While he had 89 wickets in 2011, it rose to 95 in 2012 and was a whopping 111 during last year.

Trades Union Congress in LiverpoolHome › Congress 2014 video archive
Congress 2014 video archive
Archive videos of Congress 2014
7 - 10 September 2014, Liverpool
For further information related to the subject area, please see below:
Documents

Govt to revise GDP measurement next year: sourcesGovt to revise GDP measurement next year
Reuters | New Delhi Sep 10, 2014 12:31 AM IST
The government will soon revise the way it measures gross domestic product to reflect under-represented and informal economic sectors, two government sources said, in an initiative that is expected to show the economy is larger than previously thought.
India usually revises the method of calculating national accounts and other macro data every five years, bringing in a newer base year and adjusting for changes in the economy.
The government plans to adjust the measurement early in 2015, a senior official at the ministry of statistics said. “We plan to release GDP data based on the 2011-12 base year by early next year, that could theoretically revise up the growth estimates,” the official said, requesting anonymity as he was not authorised to speak to the media.
The ministry currently takes 2004-5 as the base.
India's informal economy and service sector accounts for over three-fifths of its $1.8 trillion economy. But precise data is unavailable for these segments and the government relies on surveys and samples to calculate their growth.
This is combined with actual output numbers for mainstream industry to produce the GDP data.
In March 2010, when India last revised the national accounts, annual economic growth estimates were upwardly adjusted by 0.8 to 1.7%age points for four years, allowing the previous government to take credit for the country's highest-ever stretch of economic growth.
Pronab Sen, India's former chief statistician and current chair of the National Statistics Commission, said the planned adjustment would likely reveal that Asia's third-largest economy is bigger that previously reckoned in absolute numbers.
"Basically, we have an upward revision because some sectors are not included in the current data," he said, mentioning higher productivity among informal manufacturing and services firms as well as the advent of new sectors.
Sen predicts that India's economy, which grew by a stronger-than-expected 5.7% in the quarter ending in June, will grow 6% this fiscal year even without the planned revision.
The 2010 revision almost doubled the estimated contribution to the economy made by coaching and tuition and gave substantially more weight to the construction, trade and hotel industries. The importance of beauty salons, communication and railways declined.
Any upward revision this time will be a big boost for Modi and his Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, who is trying to meet a fiscal deficit target of 4.1% of GDP and convince global rating agencies like Standard & Poor to upgrade India's sovereign ratings.
Economic growth has almost halved below 5% in the past two years, too slow a rate to provide jobs for the large numbers entering India's labour force.
Officials said the revision would not be on the scale of a similar exercise in Nigeria this year, which almost doubled the measured size of the African nation's economy.
Several European economies have also made revisions to their growth measures, resulting in substantially higher estimates of economic activity.

Mumbai airport keeps airlines guessing on Airbus A380 parking bayMumbai airport keeps airlines guessing on Airbus A380 parking bay
Aneesh Phadnis | Mumbai: Sep 09, 2014 03:20 PM IST
Emirates and Lufthansa are in a race to secure Mumbai airport's only parking bay, which can handle the Airbus A380 aircraft. Both the airlines are keen to operate the super jumbo aircraft to Mumbai but Mumbai International Airport Ltd has not taken a decision yet on allocating the bay for winter schedule, which will commence from October-end.
The issue has arisen because schedules of Lufthansa and Emirates flights at Mumbai are separated by just five minutes.
Currently, Singapore Airlines operates Airbus A380 flights to Delhi and Mumbai and Emirates flies A380 planes to Mumbai. Now Lufthansa also wants to introduce Airbus A380 services to both Mumbai and Delhi and is awaiting government approvals. While Lufthansa is yet to make a formal announcement, the airline's winter time table shows that Frankfurt-Mumbai and Frankfurt-Delhi will be operated by Airbus A380 instead of Boeing 747 planes.
"We are pleased to say that in view of the growing demand we plan to introduce the A380 in Mumbai and Delhi subject to government approval. We have applied for permission and are hopeful of getting government approvals soon,'' said Lufthansa in a statement.
On the other hand Emirates's time table for winter as of now shows it will operate all five flights on Dubai-Mumbai route with Boeing 777 planes. According to sources Emirates was allocated the bay for its A380 flight during summer schedule and would have to make a fresh application for the bay for winter schedule.
MIAL had granted the only A380/B747-8 bay to Emirates in summer schedule turning down the demand from Lufthansa which wanted to fly its Boeing 747-8 in summer.
Emirates executives are discussing the issue with Mumbai airport and are also working on alternate plans in case it does not get the bay for its early morning flight which lands in Mumbai at 2.30 a.m. This includes using the Airbus A380 for another flight during the day.
"Emirates will continue to operate its iconic A380 aircraft on the Dubai-Mumbai route for the remainder of the summer 2014 timetable as planned, as flight numbers EK500/EK501. Details of the airline's winter timetable which is due to commence on 26 October are still being finalised and further information will be shared later this month,'' the airline spokesperson said in a statement.
Mumbai airport has only one in-contact bay for A380 or 747-8 type plane and it can handle only plane of that type at a time. "We are creating more bays, which will address the issue in a period of 15 months from now,'' MIAL spokesperson had earlier said. It did not comment on which airline will be allotted the A380 bay in winter in a query mailed on Monday.

MNCs buy offices worth Rs 2 470 crore in Ind...BFSI
(According to the report,…)
NEW DELHI: Multi-national firms have invested nearly Rs 2,500 crore in under three years to buy office space in India as against leasing it, property consultant Cushman & Wakefield said.
"Multinational companies are increasingly investing through purchasing offices in India... There is a seismic shift in the traditional approach of leasing space that such companies have had for years while considering overseas investment," C&W said in a statement.
With rising rents in prime markets where MNCs operate, the consultant said that there is cost benefit in the long term in buying office spaces rather taking on lease.
According to the report, "foreign MNCs contributed 43 per cent to the total sales value of commercial offices" during January 2012 and March 2014.
During this period, the total sales value of office space was Rs 5,730 crore, of which MNCs contributed Rs 2,470 crore, it said, adding that MNCs in the BFSI , ITES , FMCG & Pharma sectors were among the lead commercial office buyers.
Among major office deals, the consultant said the Citibank India bought 0.3 million sq ft office space for Rs 1,110 crore in Mumbai and Bayer group purchased 0.16 million sq ft for Rs 130 crore in Mumbai. GlaxoSmithKline bought office space worth Rs 140 crore in Delhi-NCR and Cognizant acquired office in Hyderabad for Rs 110 crore.
C&W Executive Managing Director, South Asia Sanjay Dutt said: "Companies that have established operations in India and are confident of their projections and potentials in the country are now tailoring their real estate requirement so that they can be more cost-effective.
"Companies in specific sectors such as pharma and IT&ITes are looking to consolidate their research and development divisions with their front-end divisions in a single set-up and are looking for assets to purchase as it proves to be a cost effective strategy for companies."
The consultant noted that buying office space proves to be cost beneficial in long term as rents have been increasing every year from 2011 to 2013 in most of the prime markets where MNCs have typically leased office spaces.
"Capital values have also increased moderately during the period. Hence, companies stand to gain financially if they decide to deploy capital to acquire the spaces they occupy," C&W said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

10 hot tech companies on the cusp of an IPOYou are here: Home > Collections
10 hot tech companies on the cusp of an IPO that you need to watch
Business Insider Sep 9, 2014, 03.46PM IST
(Perhaps because of Alibaba,…)
The Chinese e-commmerce site Alibaba filed to go public last week. It is looking to raise up to $21 billion, which would make it the largest tech IPO ever.
On Monday, the Chinese internet giant began its roadshow, a standard procedure where it will meet potential investors and analysts to create more buzz around its already popular IPO.
Perhaps because of Alibaba, the 2014 U.S. IPO market is expected to be one of the largest ever, according to investment firm Renaissance Capital. It projects up to $80 billion in IPO funding this year, up 46% from last year, and the most since 2000.
We've put together some of the tech companies that have already filed IPO papers and are expected to go public by the end of this year.
1) Box
What they do: Box is an enterprise-focused cloud storage company. Its mission is to "make organizations more productive, competitive and collaborative by connecting people and their most important information."
Founded: 2005
Revenue: $124.2 million as of Jan. 31, 2014
Net loss: $168.6 million as of Jan. 31, 2014
Funding so far: $564.1 million (last valued at $2.4 billion)
Other key figures: 34,000 paying organizations; 25 million registered users; 99% of Fortune 500 companies; Sales and marketing expenses were $171 million, which is higher than its revenue in 2013.
2) Lending Club
Fund raising target: $500 million
What they do: Lending Club is the largest marketplace for online peer-to-peer lending. It basically serves as a marketplace for individuals to take out loans from other individuals or investors. Its mission is to "transform the banking system to make credit more affordable and investing more rewarding."
Founded: 2007
Revenue: $86.9 millio in first six months of 2014
Net loss: $16.5 million in first six months of 2014
Funding so far: $393 million
Other key figures: Facilitated over $5 billion in loans so far (over $1 billion in Q2 2014); last valued at $3.76 billion
Fund raising target: $500 million
3) Zoosk
What they do: Zoosk is one of the largest online dating platforms. It's known for its "data-driven dating" approach, where members are matched based on personal information and previous actions.
Founded: 2007
Revenue: $178.2 million in 2013
Net loss: $2.6 million as of 2013
Funding so far: $61.6 million
Other key figures: 26 million users worldwide; 650,000 paying subscribers across 80 countries
Fund raising target: $100 million
4) Good Technology
What they do: Good Technology is best known for its enterprise mobile security products, which allows companies to track and protect their smartphones and tablets. Its mission is to "ensure secure access to applications and data from any device, anywhere, anytime."
Founded: 1996
Revenue: $160.4 million in 2013
Net loss: $118.4 million as of 2013
Funding so far: $211.3 million
Other key figures: Sold more than 8 million licenses; Over 5,000 customers in 184 countries; Leader in Gartner's MDM Magic Quadrant for 3 consecutive years
Fund raising target: $100 million
5) ReWalk Robotics
What they do: ReWalk builds and sells exoskeletons that allow people that rely on wheelchairs to stand and walk again. Its patented tilt-sensor powers motorized legs and power movement.
Founded: 2001
Revenue: $1.6 million in 2013
Net loss: $12.2 million in 2013
Funding so far: N/A
Other key figures: Sold 81 ReWalk systems as of Aug 2014; First-ever medical exoskeleton cleared by the FDA for personal use in the US.
Fund raising target: $50 million
6) HubSpot
What they do: HubSpot offers a cloud-based software known as "marketing automation," which gives marketing teams a better way to generate sales leads and deal with customers through email, social media, websites and blogs, etc.
  Founded: 2006
Revenue: $77.6 million in 2013
Net loss: $34.2 million in 2013
Funding so far: $100.5 million
Other key figures: More than 11,500 customers in 70-plus countries
Fund raising target: $100 million
7) GoDaddy
What they do: GoDaddy sells domain names for websites, and offers website builders and eCommerce solutions.
Founded: 1997
Revenue: $1.1 billion in 2013
Net loss: $199.9 million in 2013
Funding so far: N/A
Other key figures: 12 million customers; it added 1.3 million customers in 2013; Over 55 million domain names under management; second time trying to go public, after backing out of it in 2006.
Fund raising target: N/A
8) Travelport Worldwide (largest shareholder of Orbitz.com)
What they do: Travelport provides business services and transaction solutions to companies in the travel industry.
Founded: 1971
Revenue: $2.08 billion in 2013
Net loss: $206 million in 2013
Funding so far: N/A
Other key figures: Provides air distribution service to 400+ airlines; partners with 580,000 hotel properties; created 170 million individual travel itineraries; biggest stakeholder of Orbitz.com with a 37% stake.
Fund raising target: $100 million
9) Wayfair

KTM  Bajaj launch superbikes RC200  RC390Sep 09, 2014, 04.44 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
KTM, Bajaj launch superbikes RC200, RC390
There’s good news for bike enthusiasts. Europe’s largest motorcycle brand KTM, through its Indian partner Bajaj Auto, On Tuesday announced the launch of the highly anticipated KTM RC series of supersport motorcycles for India.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
KTM, Bajaj launch superbikes RC200, RC390
There’s good news for bike enthusiasts. Europe’s largest motorcycle brand KTM, through its Indian partner Bajaj Auto, On Tuesday announced the launch of the highly anticipated KTM RC series of supersport motorcycles for India.
Post your opinion here
 
Bajaj is already in US, Canada, Japan as much as KTM is now coming to Asia or LatAm via Bajaj
Rajiv Bajaj
MD
Bajaj Auto
There’s good news for bike enthusiasts. Europe’s largest motorcycle brand KTM, through its Indian partner Bajaj Auto , On Tuesday announced the launch of the highly anticipated KTM RC series of supersport motorcycles for India.
The RC200 & RC390 are priced Rs 1.6 lakh and Rs 2.05 lakh, respectively (ex-showroom Delhi).
The KTM RC 390 is a superbike in its own right, with 43.5 Ps of serious power, 35 Nm of torque and a host of premium features like ABS by BOSCH, Metzeler tyres, upside down forks by WP and an aluminum swingarm.
The KTM RC 200 on the other hand would be the first motorcycle to bring full blooded Supersport design and looks in the 200cc motorcycle segment. The 200cc engine in the RC 200 produces 25 Ps of power and 19.2 Nm of torque. Twin projector headlamps at the front and a unique body integrated pillion seat give the RC 200 the superbike style while Moto3 inspired equipment like forged aluminum triple clamps, upside down forks and a steel trellis frame ensures that every ride on the bike is a race experience!
Leveraging Bajaj’s cost-effective production base at Chakan, KTM expects to produce 65,000 units of its six models in 2014 -- which would account for 46 percent of KTM’s 2014 global sales target of 1,40,000 units.
Through partner Bajaj, KTM is also rapidly expanding across Asia and Latin American markets.
Bajaj, on its part, said it is not looking to leverage its relationship with KTM to take its Indian brands into mature markets.
“If you’re talking about USA, Canada, Europe and Japan, that is not on our mind. Every brand has its place. Managements go awfully wrong when they try to impose their will on the market. From my point of view, Bajaj is already in US, Canada, Japan as much as KTM is now coming to Asia or LatAm via Bajaj. So there is no need to ship out Discovers and Pulsars to those markets when we can do this,” said Rajiv Bajaj, MD, Bajaj Auto, during the launch.
Bajaj Auto stock price
On November 13, 2014, Bajaj Auto closed at Rs 2658.50, down Rs 11.45, or 0.43 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2685.85 and the 52-week low was Rs 1796.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 103.65 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 25.65. The latest book value of the company is Rs 332.04 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 8.01.
RELATED NEWS

Govt may cancel SEZs of Hindalco  Essar  AdaniGovt may cancel SEZs of Hindalco, Essar, Adani
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 9:  
Government is likely to cancel the approvals granted by it to nine companies including Hindalco Industries, Essar and Adani for setting up of special economic zones as no work has been done to execute the projects.
The Development Commissioners have recommended to the Board of Approval to cancel these SEZ projects. The formal approval had been granted to these projects by BoA.
“However, since there is no significant progress made by the developer/co—developer, the concerned DC has proposed for cancellation of formal approval granted to the developer,” the agenda of the BoA meeting said. The meeting is scheduled for September 18.
Hindalco Industries has proposed to set up an aluminium product SEZ in Orissa.
The formal approval to the developer was granted in July 2007. The developer was granted extension from time to time and the last extension granted has expired on December 31, 2013, according to BoA.
“The developer did not make any request for extension. DC FSEZ had taken up the matter with the developer, the last reminder was sent on 13.08.2014 giving 10 days time.
“Since no communication has been received, DC has recommended for cancellation of formal approval of 115 hectare and in—principle approval for 740 hectare,” it said.
Essar Jamnagar SEZ Ltd had proposed to set up a multi— product zone in Gujarat. The formal approval was expired in August 2009.
The developer did not make any request for extension, it said, adding that the DC had taken up the matter with the developer but no communication has been received.
Similarly, Adani Townships & Real Estate Company Ltd had proposed an IT/ITeS zone in Gujarat.
“The formal approval expired on 11.06.2010. The developer ...has reported that they could not proceed with the SEZ project due to adverse demand scenario from IT sector.
“Accordingly they are not interested in perusing the project. DC has recommended that the formal approval may be withdrawn,” it added.
The other developers whose SEZs may be cancelled include Chennai Business Park, Integrated Warehousing Kandla Project Development and Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation.
As per the SEZ Rules, formal approval is valid for a period of three years by which time at least one unit has to commence production and the zone becomes operational from the date of commencement of such production.
Provision to this rule provides for extension of this formal approval by BoA, for which the developer will submit his application to the concerned DC, who shall, within 15 days forward it to the Board with his recommendations.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Panasonic India unveils festival campaignHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Panasonic India unveils festival campaign
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 9:  
Panasonic India has unveiled a consumer campaign ‘My Celebrations, My Choices’ to mark the arrival of the festival season.
Consumers can take advantage of special offers at Panasonic’s 180 exclusive brand shops, multi-brand retail outlets and 90 active P4 (Panasonic premium partner programme) outlets across the country.
The offers become applicable with the purchase of Viera plasma TV, microwaves, refrigerators and washing machines, and are valid from September through October 31.
Consumers stand to win assured gifts and extended warranties on their products during the period, said Manish Sharma- Managing Director, Panasonic India.
The company has allocated a budget of Rs 85 crore towards marketing activities this festive season, he added.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

China eases rules to spur outbound investmentChina eases rules to spur outbound investment
Reuters
Tweet
BEIJING, Sept 9:  
China has simplified rules to make it easier for domestic companies to invest overseas - in the latest move to slow the rise of its foreign currency reserves and help local firms climb up the global value chain.
Under revised rules published by the Ministry of Commerce, most domestic firms will no longer need government approval prior to their overseas investment, but they must register their investment with the authorities.
But companies investing in "sensitive countries and industries" - which include nations that have no diplomatic ties with China and those under United Nations sanctions - still need government approvals, according to the rules published by the ministry on its website, www.mofcom.gov.cn.
The rules will take effect on Oct. 6.
The Ministry of Commerce, which reviews outbound investment applications from companies owned by the central government, will make decisions within 20 working days, the rules added.
The approval time limit for provincial commerce departments, which review applications from local firms, will be 15 working days.
The latest step is in line with the government's recent reforms to cut red-tape to reduce the government's administrative powers, the ministry said in a statement.
Under the old rules, any foreign investment project worth more than $100 million had to approved by the trade ministry, according to state news agency Xinhua. Overseas investment in the energy and mining sectors also needed to be signed off by authorities.
With the revised rules, deals larger than $1 billion must also be approved by the National Development and Reform Commission, Xinhua said last week.
The government has been encouraging outbound direct investment by local firms to help slow down the rapid build-up of the country's foreign exchange reserves and help improve local firms' competitiveness in the global market.
China's outbound direct investment by non-financial firms hit $90.2 billion in 2013, up 16.8 percent from the previous year. Meanwhile, China attracted $117.6 billion in foreign direct investment (FDI) last year, up 5.3 percent from 2012.
Commerce ministry officials have predicted that China's outbound investment could exceed foreign direct investment sometime in the near future.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Ashok Leyland gets orders for 4 000 buses valued at Rs 1500 crBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Gene Simmons: Rock music isdeadPress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:39 pm
Kiss frontman Gene Simmons feels rock music has died because of piracy and lack of industry support.
Simmons, 65, said file-sharing and downloading by fans who believe they “were entitled to have something for free”, is also one of the factors which led to the death of rock, reported CNN.
“I am so sad that the next 15-year-old kid in a garage someplace in St Paul, that plugs into his Marshall and wants to turn it up to 10, will not have anywhere near the same opportunity that I did. He will most likely, no matter what he does, fail miserably,” he said.
“It’s very sad for new bands. They just don’t have a chance. You’re better off not even learning how to play guitar or write songs. Today’s songwriters and creators are more likely to work behind the scenes than practising and testing their material out on stage,” he said.

Legal action best option for Saeed Ajmal at this time  feels ShoaibAkhtarPress Trust of India | Karachi | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:35 pm
Having been at the receiving end of chucking accusations during his playing days, former Pakistan speedster Shoaib Akhtar has advised Saeed Ajmal to legally challenge the new protocol of the International Cricket Council (ICC) on bowling actions.
“I just fear that the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) does not leave Ajmal alone at this testing time for him and Pakistan cricket. I think Saeed has to decide for himself whether should legally challenge the ban and new protocols or not,” Akhtar said on Geo News channel.
The former pacer who himself faced problems with his bowling action in his career and was twice reported for his action and cleared, said if he had been in Ajmal’s place he would take the legal route.
“I think legal action  is the best option for Saeed at this time. I am surprised at the number of bowlers being reported for suspected actions all of a sudden by the ICC match officials. This new protocol needs to be challenged,” he added.
Shoaib said another option was that if Saeed worked hard on his bowling action it could be modified for good effect.
“I was fortunate that when I was playing the board supported me a lot, particularly former chairman Tauqir Zia and the same is needed for Saeed.”
Pakistan’s former captain, Muhammad Yousuf said that Saeed’s future now depended on how strongly the PCB pleaded his case with the ICC.
“It will all boil down to how much influence the PCB has in the ICC,” he added.
He said the ban on Saeed was a big blow to Pakistan cricket as he had been our top bowler for while now.
“It is a hard time for Saeed but I hope the PCB fights his case properly and if hard work is done his action can be corrected with the right measures,” he said.

Taylor Swift has not dated anyone since HarryStylesPress Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:32 pm
Country singer Taylor Swift says she has been single since her split from One Direction star
Harry Styles in January last year. Swift, who has written ballads about her break-ups, says
she has no energy to be in love right now, reported Rolling Stone magazine.
“I feel like watching my dating life has become a bit of national pastime. And I’m just not comfortable providing that kind of entertainment anymore,” said Swift.
“I don’t like seeing slide shows of guys I’ve apparently dated. I don’t like giving comedians the opportunity to make jokes about me at awards shows. I don’t like it when headlines read ‘Careful, Bro, She’ll Write a Song About You,’ because it trivializes my work. And most of all. I don’t like how all these factors add up to build the pressure so high in a new relationship that it gets snuffed out before it even has a chance to start. And so I just don’t date,” she added.
Swift, who recently released her new single ‘Shake it off’, says she is not even into casual dating. “I just think it’s pointless if you’re not in love. And I don’t have the energy to be in love right now. So no.
“It’s not like I’ve sworn off love. My life is just not conducive to bringing other people into it right now. I’m very childlike and romantic about lots of things, but I’m realistic about this.”

Vaishnodevi yatra running smooth  chopper servicesresumeOver 12,000 more pilgrims have started from Katra base camp on Tuesday for their onward journey to the shrine.
PTI | Jammu | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:32 pm
Pilgrimage to the cave shrine of Mata Vaishnodevi in Trikuta Hills in Reasi district is going on smoothly on Tuesday, with over 12,000 more pilgrims on their way to offer prayers. The yatra had remained suspended for four consecutive days in view of heavy rains in Jammu and Kashmir before it was resumed .
However, the pilgrimage has resumed only through the old route and the two new tracks are still closed in view of landslides. “Yatra to the cave shrine is going on smoothly after its resumption yesterday,” Chief Executive officer (CEO), Shri Mata Vaishnodevi Shrine Board (SMVSB), Mandeep K Bhandari said.
He said over 12,000 more pilgrims have started from Katra base camp on Tuesday for their onward journey to the shrine and added that over 18,000 pilgrims have paid obeisance since the yatra’s resumption. Chopper services to the shrine were resumed but stopped for a brief time due to fog at Sanjichat area in Trikuta hill, which houses the helipad, the CEO said.
“Yatra has not been stopped since its beginning yesterday morning, it is going on smoothly”, the CEO said. As a precautionary measure, pilgrims have not been allowed to undertake the journey at night. The yatra has resumed only through Sanjichhat-Bhairon Temple track and back from the same route and the two new tracks are still closed in view of landslides, he said, adding it will take two more days to make it available for pilgrims.
“For ensuring that pilgrims cover the journey during day time only, yatra slip issuance from Katra was stopped at 2:40 PM yesterday and this practice will be followed even today,” he said.
A total of 17,700 Yatris had embarked on the journey on Monday. Bhandari, on Monday, took stock of the ongoing work of clearing of track, restoration of water and power supply and other logistics en route and in Bhawan area. The movement of the pilgrims is being continuously monitored, he said.
As the track from Sanjichhat to Bhawan via Bhairon Temple is narrow and involves a steep climb, pilgrims have been advised to undertake the journey via this route only if they are in good health and not suffering from any ailment, he said. Efforts are afoot to clear all tracks leading to the shrine and fully restore electricity and water supply to all the establishments and tracks. Clearing the debris from tracks might take a couple of days to make it worthy of Yatra movement, he said.

Arnold Schwarzenegger unveils his officialportraitPress Trust of India | New York | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:29 pm
Hollywood star Arnold Schwarzenegger has unveiled his official portrait revealing a photograph-like giant image of the actor in front of the official California seal.
The 67-year-old ‘Terminator’ actor, who served two terms as the 38th Governor of California from 2003 until 2011, made a rare appearance in Sacramento nearly four years after he left office, reported the New York Post.
The oversized portrait of a youthful Schwarzenegger, which will eventually hang on the third floor, was painted by Austrian artist Gottfried Helnwein, a realist who previously illustrated Andy Warhol and John F Kennedy.
The actor said he never envisioned his portrait hanging in the state Capitol, joking, “I might have envisioned a sculpture on Muscle Beach.”
Two of Schwarzenegger’s five children attended the unveiling, Christopher, 16, and Patrick, 20, which also included political notables including at least three former speakers of the state Assembly, Willie Brown, Bob Hertzberg and Fabian Nunez.
Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom said the massive image of Schwarzenegger is appropriate because he is “larger than life”.

Vaishnodevi yatra running smooth  chopper services resumeOver 12,000 more pilgrims have started from Katra base camp on Tuesday for their onward journey to the shrine.
PTI | Jammu | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:32 pm
Pilgrimage to the cave shrine of Mata Vaishnodevi in Trikuta Hills in Reasi district is going on smoothly on Tuesday, with over 12,000 more pilgrims on their way to offer prayers. The yatra had remained suspended for four consecutive days in view of heavy rains in Jammu and Kashmir before it was resumed .
However, the pilgrimage has resumed only through the old route and the two new tracks are still closed in view of landslides. “Yatra to the cave shrine is going on smoothly after its resumption yesterday,” Chief Executive officer (CEO), Shri Mata Vaishnodevi Shrine Board (SMVSB), Mandeep K Bhandari said.
He said over 12,000 more pilgrims have started from Katra base camp on Tuesday for their onward journey to the shrine and added that over 18,000 pilgrims have paid obeisance since the yatra’s resumption. Chopper services to the shrine were resumed but stopped for a brief time due to fog at Sanjichat area in Trikuta hill, which houses the helipad, the CEO said.
“Yatra has not been stopped since its beginning yesterday morning, it is going on smoothly”, the CEO said. As a precautionary measure, pilgrims have not been allowed to undertake the journey at night. The yatra has resumed only through Sanjichhat-Bhairon Temple track and back from the same route and the two new tracks are still closed in view of landslides, he said, adding it will take two more days to make it available for pilgrims.
“For ensuring that pilgrims cover the journey during day time only, yatra slip issuance from Katra was stopped at 2:40 PM yesterday and this practice will be followed even today,” he said.
A total of 17,700 Yatris had embarked on the journey on Monday. Bhandari, on Monday, took stock of the ongoing work of clearing of track, restoration of water and power supply and other logistics en route and in Bhawan area. The movement of the pilgrims is being continuously monitored, he said.
As the track from Sanjichhat to Bhawan via Bhairon Temple is narrow and involves a steep climb, pilgrims have been advised to undertake the journey via this route only if they are in good health and not suffering from any ailment, he said. Efforts are afoot to clear all tracks leading to the shrine and fully restore electricity and water supply to all the establishments and tracks. Clearing the debris from tracks might take a couple of days to make it worthy of Yatra movement, he said.

Over $6.5 gas price prerequisite for RIL dis...You are here: Home > Collections > Ril
Gas price of over $6.5 key to monetisation of RIL discoveries
PTI Sep 9, 2014, 04.39PM IST
Tags:
Deutsche Bank
("Our channel checks indicate…)
NEW DELHI: A gas price of over $6.5 per million British thermal unit is a prerequisite for early monetisation of discoveries made by Reliance Industries , Deutsche Bank said.
A four-member panel of secretaries is likely to submit its report on a new gas pricing mechanism to the government by tomorrow. The committee was formed as the Rangarajan price formula , which would have doubled the gas price to $8.4, was found unacceptable to the government.
"Our channel checks indicate that a gas price over $6.5 per mmBtu is necessary to enable monetisation of RIL's deepwater discoveries," Deutsche Bank Market Research said in a note.
It expected RIL to focus on development of R-series and satellite gas discoveries in the eastern offshore KG-D6 block as well as coal-bed methane (CBM) block in Madhya Pradesh and discoveries in NEC-25 block once clarity emerges on gas price.
"Every $1 per mmBtu hike in domestic natural gas price raises RIL's FY16 EPS by 2 per cent," it said.
RIL stock has underperformed the BSE Sensex by 15 per cent over the past three months as the gas price hike was deferred and regional refining margins collapsed from over $6 per barrel in May to close to $3 in August.
"We expect the government's announcement of a gas price hike by October 2014 and a bounce back in refining margins (GRMs) from recent lows to be near-term catalysts for RIL," it said.
Commissioning of expanded capacities in petrochemicals and refining will drive RIL's earnings growth and valuations in FY16 and FY17. "We estimate RIL's FY14-17 EBITDA at 24 per cent driven by capacity expansions," it said.
Over the past month, regional refining margins have strengthened to over $5 per barrel from close to $3 in August.
"Higher capacity shutdowns and winter demand should help Asian and hence RIL's refining margins to bounce back from recent lows," it said.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan had told the Parliament last month that the NDA government decided to review the pricing formula keeping in mind public interest and recommendations of the Parliamentary Standing Committee.
Parliamentary Standing Committees on Finance as well as Petroleum had called for a review of the formula suggested by the Dr C Rangarajan headed panel, saying gas price should have some linkage with the cost of production.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NTPC pays Rs 4 742 crore dividend for 2013-14BSE
(NTPC has been paying dividend…)
NEW DELHI: Country's largest thermal power producer NTPC has paid a dividend of Rs 4,741.16 crore to the government for the financial year 2013-14.
"The company had paid interim dividend amounting to Rs 3,298.19 crore on February 10, 2014. Today, the company has paid the final dividend of Rs 1,442.97 crore," NTPC said in a statement.
This is the 21st consecutive year that NTPC has paid dividend.
NTPC has been paying dividend since 1993-94 and has paid Rs 37,000 crore since then of which the government's share was Rs 32,000 crore.
Presently the equity of government is Rs 6,180 crore. The NTPC scrip closed at Rs 140.50, down marginally, on the BSE .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Neel Mukherjee shortlisted for 2014 Man Booker prizeNeel Mukherjee shortlisted for 2014 Man Booker prize
Prasun Sonwalkar , Hindustan Times  London, September 09, 2014
First Published: 15:42 IST(9/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:49 IST(9/9/2014)
Comments
Indian-origin writer Neel Mukherjee’s ‘The Lives of Others’, a dark tale set in the context of naxalism in 1960s West Bengal, has been shortlisted for the 2014 Man Booker Prize for Fiction, one of the most prestigious awards in the English-language literary world.
 
Besides Kolkata-born Mukherjee’s book, the other five works shortlisted are: ‘To Rise Again at a Decent Hour’ (by Joshua Ferris), ‘The Narrow Road to the Deep North’ (Richard Flanagan), ‘We Are All Completely Beside Ourselves’ (Karen Joy Fowler), ‘How to be Both’ (Ali Smith), and ‘J’ by Howard Jacobson.
 
When Mukherjee's book published in May was longlisted, the judges described it thus: "From the horrific impact of its opening pages, to the humanity of its conclusion, this novel depicts modern India, without sentimentality or artifice".
Announcing the shortlist on Tuesday, chair of judges, AC Grayling, said the panel of judges praised the ‘depth and range’ of the list, which includes writers from Britain, the United States and Australia.
 
He said: “We are delighted to announce our international shortlist. As the Man Booker Prize expands its borders, these six exceptional books take the reader on journeys around the world, between the UK, New York, Thailand, Italy, Calcutta and times past, present and future”.
 
Grayling added: “We had a lengthy and intensive debate to whittle the list down to these six.  It is a strong, thought-provoking shortlist which we believe demonstrates the wonderful depth and range of contemporary fiction in English.”
 
This is the first list to reflect the diversity of the novel in English regardless of the author’s nationality, as the Man Booker Prize has opened up to any author writing originally in English and published in the UK. Previously, the prize was open to authors from the UK & Commonwealth, Republic of Ireland and Zimbabwe.
 
The 2014 judges will now re-read the shortlisted titles in order to select the winner, whose name will be revealed on 14 October at a ceremony at London’s Guildhall.

Futures flat near record levelsFutures drop as weak China, Europe data spurs growth worries
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures fell on Thursday as concerns over global growth reemerged after weak business data out of the euro zone and a loss of momentum in Chinese factories.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
* Growth in China's vast factory sector stalled in November, with output contracting for the first time in six months, a private survey showed on Thursday, adding to signs the economy may still be losing traction.
* The U.S. data calendar is busy, with weekly jobless claims and consumer prices due at 8:30 a.m. EST (1330 GMT), Markit's manufacturing PMI at 9:45 a.m. (1445 GMT) and home resales and the Philadelphia Fed business index at 10:00 a.m. (1500 GMT).
* GoPro  shares fell 6.2 percent to $74.19 in premarket trading after a follow-on-offering of 10.4 million shares priced at $75 per share, a 5.2 percent discount to Wednesday's $79.09 close.
* Best Buy  added 8.3 percent in premarket trading after posting revenue that beat analyst expectations.
Futures snapshot at 7:18 a.m. EST:
* S&P 500 e-minis  were down 8.25 points, or 0.4 percent, with 122,611 contracts changing hands.
* Nasdaq 100 e-minis  were down 16.25 points, or 0.38 percent, in volume of 22,020 contracts.
* Dow e-minis <1YMc1> were down 61 points, or 0.35 percent, with 21,282 contracts changing hands.
(Editing by Bernadette Baum)

Odisha CM announces Rs 5 cr aid for J&K flood victimsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Vedanta plans to expand refinery capacity to 6 mtpaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Vedanta plans to expand refinery capacity to 6 mtpa
PTI
Tweet
Bhubaneswar, Sept 9:  
Vedanta Resources Plc today said it plans to raise capacity of its Lanjigarh Alumina refinery to 6 million tonnes per annum (mtpa) with an investment of Rs 10,000 crore.
Talking to reporters after meeting Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik, Vedanta Resources chairman Anil Agarwal said doubling of the present plant capacity to 2 mtpa would be done within a year of getting all the clearances.
Ramping up the capacity further to 6 mtpa would depend upon the availability of bauxite, a key raw material for making alumina, he said, adding that the company would be investing Rs 10,000 crore for the capacity expansion.
Vedanta, which had set up 1 mtpa refinery plant at Lanjigarh in Odisha’s Kalahandi district seven years ago, had been facing an acute shortage of bauxite and presently importing the raw materials from other states and countries to feed its plant. The company had to shut down the plant for some months due to shortage of bauxite in 2012.
The company’s concern for the raw material had been compounded after Odisha government’s plan to start bauxite mining from Niyamgiri Hills failed. “We have been getting bauxite from other countries and other Indian states like Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh and Jharkhand,” he said.
In its bid to overcome bauxite crisis, the company has already entered into a joint venture with L&T. India’s largest infrastructure company had been allocated with two major bauxite reserves in the state. As L&T did not have a plant here, it was not given mining license.
Agarwal hoped that since they have a JV with L&T, the government would recommend ML (mining lease) in their favour.
However, the state government was yet to take a decision in this regard, sources said.
“We are left with no option, but to pin hope on the bauxite reserve of L&T in order to run the company’s refinery at Lanjigarh in Kalahandi district,” Agarwal said.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

ICICI Bank to split shares for first timeSep 09, 2014, 04.50 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ICICI Bank to split shares for first time
The board of directors of the bank has approved the sub-division of one equity share of the bank having a face value of Rs 10 into five equity shares of face value of Rs 2 each.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ICICI Bank to split shares for first time
The board of directors of the bank has approved the sub-division of one equity share of the bank having a face value of Rs 10 into five equity shares of face value of Rs 2 each.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
India's largest private sector lender  ICICI Bank on Tuesday has decided to split its shares, for the first time in history, from one share into five shares. Accordingly, additional proportionate american depository shares (ADS) would be issued to maintain the ratio of one ADS to two equity shares, said the bank in its filing.
The board of directors of the bank has approved the sub-division of one equity share of the bank having a face value of Rs 10 into five equity shares of face value of Rs 2 each.
"Each American Depositary Share (ADS) of ICICI Bank will continue to represent two underlying equity shares as at present. The number of ADSs held by an American Depositary Receipt holder would consequently increase in proportion to the increase in number of equity shares," it added.
The private sector lender further said the sub-division of shares will be subject to approval by the shareholders, which will be sought by postal ballot, and any other applicable statutory and regulatory approvals.
Accordingly, it will announce the record date for sub-division of shares in due course.
The scrip of ICICI Bank, which announced stock split after market hours, declined 1.31 percent to close at Rs 1,547.70 on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Market closes in red; Sensex drops over 54 points; Nifty 21 pointsSep 09, 2014 at  04:47pm IST
Market closes in red; Sensex drops over 54 points; Nifty 21 points
1
0
Mumbai: Retreating from record highs, the Sensex and the Nifty on Tuesday fell by about 54 points and 21 points respectively on profit-booking in recent out-performers like ICICI Bank, Infosys, L&T and ONGC, amid caution in view of the hearing of coal blocks case in the Supreme Court.
The BSE Sensex, after shuttling between 27,328.27 and 27,177.09, ended with a loss of 54.53 points, or 0.20 per cent, to end at 27,265.32. Yesterday, the 30-share bluechip benchmark had ended at its all-time closing high of 27,319.85 after hitting intra-day high of 27,354.99. On similar lines, the NSE Nifty lost 20.95 points, or
0.26 per cent, to close at 8,152.95 after moving between 8,126.50 and 8,174.55. Its previous all-time closing high of 8,173.90 was hit yesterday after touching intra-day record high of 8,180.20.
Sensex on Tuesday droped over 54 points or 0.20 per cent to close at 27,265.32, Nifty also sliped nearly 21 points or 0.26 per cent to end at 8,152.95.
#sensex #nifty #markets #bse
Marked losses in recent gainers like L&T, BHEL, and Axis Bank also weighed on the market sentiment.
Selling was seen mostly across-the-board but shares like Cipla, Coal India, GAIL, Tata Motors, ITC, Mahindra and Mahindra, Tata Power, Tata Steel, SBI and Bharti Airtel logged gains, thereby cushioning the fall to some extent.
Out of the 30-share Sensex, 16 stocks closed with losses while 14 others finished higher.
"Midcaps and small caps continued to attract buying. Recovery in global markets and easing crude oil prices further boosted market sentiment, but limited upsides due to profit booking and indecision at higher levels," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
The mood seems to be cautious as participants were seen keeping positions restricted in view of the hearing of coal blocks allocation case in the Supreme Court, brokers said.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 1,162.98 crore yesterday, as per provisional data from the stock exchanges.
Sectorally, the BSE Realty sector index suffered the most by losing 1.11 per cent, followed by IT index 0.82 per cent, Oil & gas index 0.49 per cent, Capital Goods index 0.43 per cent and Banking index 0.21 per cent.
Bucking the trend, Consumer Durables index rose 1.75 per cent, FMCG index 0.86 per cent and Power index 0.59 per cent. Globally, trend in other Asian markets remained mixed and the European markets were weak in opening trade.
0

Austin Engineering Company: Outcome of AGMSep 09, 2014, 05.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Austin Engineering Company: Outcome of AGM
Austin Engineering Company has informed that the 36th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 09, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Austin Engineering Company: Outcome of AGM
Austin Engineering Company has informed that the 36th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 09, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Austin Engineering Company Ltd has informed BSE that the 36th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 09, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

IIFL Holdings: Board to consider interim dividendSep 09, 2014, 05.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
IIFL Holdings: Board to consider interim dividend
IIFL Holdings has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 18, 2014, inter alia, to declare Interim Dividend for the Financial Year 2014-2015, if any.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IIFL Holdings: Board to consider interim dividend
IIFL Holdings has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 18, 2014, inter alia, to declare Interim Dividend for the Financial Year 2014-2015, if any.
Post your opinion here
 
IIFL Holdings Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 18, 2014, inter alia, to declare Interim Dividend for the Financial Year 2014-2015, if any.Source : BSE

J&K: Vaishno Devi yatra running smooth  chopper services resume11
0
Jammu: Pilgrimage to the cave shrine of Mata Vaishno Devi in Trikuta Hills in Reasi district is going on smoothly on Tuesday, with over 12,000 more pilgrims on their way to offer prayers.
The yatra had remained suspended for four consecutive days in view of heavy rains in Jammu and Kashmir before it was resumed on Monday.
However, the pilgrimage has resumed only through the old route and the two new tracks are still closed in view of landslides.
The yatra has resumed only through Sanjichhat-Bhairon Temple track and back from the same route.
#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #floods #vaishno devi
"Yatra to the cave shrine is going on smoothly after its resumption yesterday," Chief Executive officer (CEO), Shri Mata Vaishnodevi Shrine Board (SMVSB), Mandeep K Bhandari said.
He said over 12,000 more pilgrims have started from Katra base camp today for their onward journey to the shrine and added that over 18,000 pilgrims have paid obeisance since the yatra's resumption.
Chopper services to the shrine were resumed but stopped for a brief time due to fog at Sanjichat area in Trikuta hill, which houses the helipad, the CEO said.
"Yatra has not been stopped since its beginning yesterday morning, it is going on smoothly", the CEO said.
As a precautionary measure, pilgrims have not been allowed to undertake the journey at night.
The yatra has resumed only through Sanjichhat-Bhairon Temple track and back from the same route and the two new tracks are still closed in view of landslides, he said, adding it will take two more days to make it available for pilgrims.
"For ensuring that pilgrims cover the journey during day time only, yatra slip issuance from Katra was stopped at 2:40 PM yesterday and this practice will be followed even today," he said.
A total of 17,700 Yatris had embarked on the journey yesterday.
Bhandari on Monday took stock of the ongoing work of clearing of track, restoration of water and power supply and other logistics en route and in Bhawan area.
The movement of the pilgrims is being continuously monitored, he said.
As the track from Sanjichhat to Bhawan via Bhairon Temple is narrow and involves a steep climb, pilgrims have been advised to undertake the journey via this route only if they are in good health and not suffering from any ailment, he said.
Efforts are afoot to clear all tracks leading to the shrine and fully restore electricity and water supply to all the establishments and tracks.
Clearing the debris from tracks might take a couple of days to make it worthy of Yatra movement, he said.
2

Bombay HC confirms death penalty for Pune driver for killing 9 peopleSep 09, 2014 at 04:33pm IST
Bombay HC confirms death penalty for Pune driver for killing 9 people
12
0
Mumbai: The Bombay High Court on Tuesday confirmed the death sentence for Pune driver Santosh M Mane, who two years ago hijacked a state transport bus and killed nine people.
The incident happened on January 25, 2012 after he was denied a change from night duty to day duty by his superiors.
In a fit of rage, he hijacked the bus from the busy Swargate Bus Depot in the heart of the city and drove wildly for nearly 16 kms before he was forced to a stop.
The incident happened on January 25, 2012 after he was denied a change from night duty to day duty by his superiors.
The incident left nine pedestrians dead, many were injured and several private and government vehicles as well as public and private property en route were damaged.
3

SC reserves its verdict on cancellation of 218 coal blocks declared as illegalSep 09, 2014 at  04:48pm IST
SC reserves its verdict on cancellation of 218 coal blocks declared as illegal
51
4
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Tuesday reserved its verdict on cancellation of 218 coal blocks which were declared as illegal by it. The apex court has concluded the hearing on coal block allocations and would give the verdict later.
The Centre has said that it favours the cancellation of coal blocks allocations which were declared as illegal by the Supreme Court. In sum and substance, cancellation of coal block allocation is a natural consequence, the Centre told the Supreme Court.
The Centre has told the court that the retention of 46 blocks which are in operation or will be operational soon should be considered. The Centre has pleaded with the court not to cancel allocation without hearing companies who were allocated coal blocks.
#supreme court #coal scam #coal block allocation #centre
The Centre said that these 46 producing coal blocks can be taken over by Coal India Limited or like the 2G case, allotees can be allowed to carry on until fresh auction.
The apex court had earlier ruled the 218 coal blocks that were allocated between 1993 and 2010 by the screening committee were illegal as they were not fair and transparent and were arbitrary.
A bench headed by Chief Justice RM Lodha had also held that "no State Government or public sector undertakings of the state governments are eligible for mining coal for commercial use". The court had suggested to set up a committee headed by a retired apex court judge to examine what should be done for the re-allocation of these coal blocks.
The apex court had also said that no objective criteria was followed by the screening committee in the allocation of the coal blocks.
10

READ IN: Zbigniew Polls EditionIf you like plays on words about former National Security Advisors, you'll love Read In. Sign up here and get all the political news you need delivered to your inbox every morning!
A1: The stories you need to read before your first conference call.
-- President Obama on Monday hosted a group of prominent foreign policy experts including Stephen Hadley, Richard Haass, Samuel Berger and Zbigniew Brzezinski over dinner at the White House to give them a preview of the plan to confront Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria. Obama meets a bipartisan group of Congressional leaders on Tuesday to begin building support on Capitol Hill for his plan, which he reveals in a Wednesday address to the nation. ( New York Times )
-- The vast majority of Americans support airstrikes in Iraq and Syria amid the growing threat from Islamic State terrorists, a new Washington Post-ABC News poll shows. Seven in ten support strikes in Iraq, while 65 percent support hitting IS positions in Syria. But feelings over President Obama's foreign policy performance have sagged: Just 43 percent say Obama is a strong leader, and a majority say Obama is too cautious in dealing with international crises. ( Washington Post )
-- The World Health Organization said Monday the number of Ebola cases in Liberia was increasing rapidly and that new treatment facilities are already full of patients. Nearly 2,000 people have been diagnosed with Ebola in Liberia, and more than 1,000 have died, according to WHO statistics. An American doctor who has tested positive for the disease will be transported to Emory University Hospital in Atlanta, where two missionaries were treated earlier this summer. ( New York Times )
-- In a report published Tuesday, Dutch investigators say the Malaysia Airlines 777 that went down over rebel-held territory in Ukraine broke up after being struck by "high-energy objects," consistent with the notion that a surface-to-air missile took down the plane. Flight data recorders and the cockpit voice recorder showed no evidence of an emergency before ending abruptly. ( Washington Post , New York Times )
-- Stuart Rothenberg offers his prediction for the year: A Republican gain of at least 7 Senate seats. "After looking at recent national, state and congressional survey data and comparing this election cycle to previous ones, I am currently expecting a sizable Republican Senate wave. ... With the president looking weaker and the news getting worse, Democratic candidates in difficult and competitive districts are likely to have a truly burdensome albatross around their necks." ( Rothenblog )
-- Front Pages: WaPo : "Support widens for U.S. strikes," with three-column video stills of Ray Rice assaulting his fiancee. Rice was cut Monday by the Baltimore Ravens. LA Times leads with the formation of a new Iraqi government in Baghdad. NYT kicks off with a look at the much-needed energy boom in the Rust Belt. WSJ leads with GE's move out of kitchen appliances, and USA Today takes a look at airline food and the risk of contraband smuggling. (There's a joke in there somewhere, right?)
National Roundup: What's happening outside the Beltway.
-- Primaries: Voters in New York, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Delaware head to the polls today for primaries. The top races to watch: 1) The New Hampshire Senate contest, where former Sen. Scott Brown (R) is likely to take a little over half the vote against nine challengers for the right to face Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D) in November. 2) Massachusetts' 6th District, where Rep. John Tierney (D) faces stiff competition within his own party from Iraq war veteran and businessman Seth Moulton (D). And 3) The Democratic race to replace retiring Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chafee (D). Observers say state Treasurer Gina Raimondo (D) has the edge over Providence Mayor Angel Taveras (D). Read our primary preview here .
-- Iowa: Rep. Bruce Braley (D) leads state Sen. Joni Ernst (R) 45 percent to 41 percent, according to a new Loras College survey of 1,200 likely voters. Both candidates have favorable ratings in the 30s, with similar unfavorable ratings, though Ernst's rating is upside down. ( Loras , pdf) Democrats have been feeling better about this race of late. They point to Ernst's fav/unfav rating as evidence of Braley's advantage.
-- Virginia: Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D) on Monday unveiled a plan to provide health insurance to 25,000 Virginians under the Affordable Care Act, a scaled-back version of Medicaid expansion he hoped would insure up to 400,000 people without health care. The biggest change would provide care to 20,000 people with severe mental illness, an expansion that would require legislative funding if it continues after this year. The legislature returns to Richmond on Sept. 18 for a special session on Medicaid expansion, but passage is unlikely. ( Washington Post )
-- Colorado: Sen. Mark Udall (D) apologized Monday for invoking the names of slain journalists Steve Sotloff and James Foley in urging caution over attacks against Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria. Republicans, led by Rep. Cory Gardner (R), called Udall's comments at a Saturday debate "outrageous." ( Chicago Tribune ) Gov. John Hickenlooper (D) has named the 19 members of a task force aimed at resolving land-use issues between oil and gas developers and local communities. Members of the task force include representatives from Noble Energy and Anadarko Petroleum, the two biggest drillers in the state. ( Denver Post )
-- Washington: A former aide to House Republican Conference chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers (R) has met with House ethics committee investigators three times in the last week over whether McMorris Rodgers and her office improperly mixed official money and activities. The aide, Todd Winer, said he thinks the ethics panel will convene an investigative subcommittee after the midterm elections to look into the case. McMorris Rodgers and her aides have accused Winer of instigating the complaint, which Winer denies. ( Seattle Times )
-- Georgia: The state ethics commission on Monday voted unanimously to fire executive director Holly LaBerge as an investigation into a whistle-blower suit brought by LaBerge's predecessor continues. LaBerge was fined $10,000 by a Fulton County judge on Friday for being "dishonest and non-transparent" during the course of the case. LaBerge was appointed by Gov. Nathan Deal (R) after Deal dismissed predecessor Stacey Kalberman, who was investigating Deal's 2010 gubernatorial campaign. ( Atlanta Journal-Constitution )
-- New Jersey: Gov. Chris Christie (R) on Monday issued a directive lifting a moratorium on sports betting at New Jersey casinos and racetracks, an effort to revive flagging revenues at state casinos. Three major Atlantic City casinos have already closed this year and two more are going out of business. The 3rd Circuit Court of Appeals ruled earlier this year that the state could go ahead with sports betting after professional sports leagues sued to stop the state. ( New York Daily News ) Christie's approval rating is up to 46 percent in the latest Fairleigh Dickinson University PublicMind poll, higher than his ratings amid the George Washington Bridge scandal. Forty percent disapprove. ( Newark Star-Ledger )
DC Digest: What's on tap today in DC.
-- President Obama meets Secretary of State John Kerry in the Oval Office today before sitting down with Senate leaders Harry Reid and Mitch McConnell, House Speaker John Boehner and Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi to brief them on plans to attack Islamic State rebels.
-- Vice President Biden delivers remarks at the National Archives today marking the 20th anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act. Biden attends the meeting with Congressional leaders this afternoon, then hosts a reception marking the anniversary at the Naval Observatory this evening.
-- The House meets at 10 a.m. this morning, with first votes expected between 1:15 p.m. and 2:15 p.m. when they take up a bill to limit the EPA's ability to regulate waterways. The House will also vote on a resolution condemning the Obama administration for trading Taliban captives for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, along with six non-controversial measures under suspension.
-- The Senate resumes debating Sen. Tom Udall's (D-N.M.) measure to limit the influence of super PACs and outside money. On Monday the Senate advanced the measure past a procedural hurdle, and they will continue debating until it dies its expected death on a party-line vote on Thursday. ( Washington Post )
-- Former Vice President Dick Cheney will address the House Republican Conference Tuesday for a midterm election pep talk, in part to push members to contribute to the NRCC. The meeting takes place at the RNC. ( Politico , Washington Post )
TV Time Out: Our exclusive look at who's advertising, and where.
-- NRCC: The NRCC goes up with new ads today in nine districts: Arizona 02 (Rep. Ron Barber), Florida 02 (Rep. Steve Southerland), Georgia 12 (Rep. John Barrow), Iowa 03 (Open, Rep. Tom Latham's seat), Illinois 12 (Rep. Bill Enyart), Minnesota 07 (Rep. Collin Peterson), Minnesota 08 (Rep. Rick Nolan), New York 01 (Rep. Tim Bishop) and West Virginia 03 (Rep. Nick Rahall).
-- Michigan: We've heard GOP pessimism about Secretary of State Terri Lynn Land's (R) chances, but the NRSC is still playing. They're coordinating a $350,000 buy that begins today and runs through Sept. 21 on Land's behalf. They've also bought or reserved $2.5 million between the beginning of September and Election Day.
-- Kentucky: Democrats think Republican ads have helped Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R) open a lead here. Now, here comes the Dem response. The UFCW just bought $154,000 in ads aimed at Kentucky, and MoveOn has produced two ads they're likely to put on air soon. Senate Majority PAC just bought $390,000 for their own ads this week. Still a few Democratic groups on the sidelines here. ( FEC , FEC , FEC )
-- Koch Industries: One of the world's largest privately-held companies will begin a new round of television advertising casting themselves as a patriotic company that employs 60,000 workers in the U.S. The ads will, in part, help them fill 3,500 job openings they have, and in part push back on attacks from Democrats. ( Washington Post ) Anyone else notice Koch sponsored the crawl on ACC Network football games this weekend?
The Buried Lede: The nuggets that deserve the spotlight.
-- Oh the irony: Scotland is nine days away from a referendum on independence, and polls show the pro-independence side gaining traction. If the Scots decide to break away, it would mean the end of a 307-year old political union, and a permanent stain on British Prime Minister David Cameron's career. But, a smart strategist points out, it could help Cameron's party maintain its control of Parliament: Labour represents 41 of the 59 Scottish seats in parliament, and the Liberal Democrats represent another 11. Only one of the 59 constituencies is represented by a Tory. Check out this map of 2010 election results to get a sense of the strongholds of each party.
B1: Business, politics and the business of politics
-- The NRSC has signed Ron Bonjean to handle communications for its independent expenditure unit. No word on whether the committee will open an outpost at the Good Pants Ranch. ( Roll Call )
-- Stock futures are trading slightly higher Tuesday morning after a mixed Monday on Wall Street. Apple unveils its new product today, expected to be the iPhone 6. Most world markets are trading slightly lower today, but no big drops in Asia or Europe. ( CNN )
C1: The long reads you'll need to check out before tonight's cocktail party.
-- The better the Washington Nationals do, the more it may cost the NRCC and the DCCC. If the Tigers manage to sneak into a wild card spot, it will cost the DSCC, the NRSC, the DGA and the RGA. October playoff baseball means higher ad prices, for candidates and outside groups alike. ( Roll Call ) People who don't have to worry about playoffs: Anyone running in Colorado, Houston or the Dallas areas. At least someone benefits from a team's cellar-dwelling.
C4: The comics page, fun things to read when you're bored at work
-- U.S. air carriers are getting better at ensuring their seats are filled, in part by using medium-sized narrow-body jets like Boeing 737s or Airbus A320s for transcontinental flights. So-called "load factors," the percentage of filled seats, have increased from 73 percent to 84 percent over the last decade. Frontier Airlines filled an incredible 91.5 percent of its seats last year, while just about every major domestic airline filled more than 80 percent of its seats, according to the Bureau of Transportation Statistics. ( Washington Post )
Attn Matt Drudge: Things conservatives will get outraged by today.
-- The IRS says it's lost emails from five workers being investigated by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee for their scrutiny of conservative outside groups that applied for tax exempt status. The IRS said Friday that computer crashes were responsible for the lost evidence, and the agency said it didn't find any evidence that anyone deliberately destroyed evidence. Townhall's Guy Benson lays into the "preposterous and insulting cover-up."
Attn HuffPo: What outrages liberals today
-- The National Audubon Society says climate change is likely to alter the environment so radically before the end of the century that about half of the 650 bird species in North America will be driven out of their current habitats. About one in five bird species will lose more than half their current climactic range by 2050. Already, a drought in California is blamed for a decline in the number of raptors, and puffin populations are declining on the coast of Maine. ( New York Times )
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

Delhi BJP to hold meeting over AAP videoThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sensex falls 104 points; Bajaj Auto  ICICI Bank  Wipro major losersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Jyoti Overseas to hold AGMThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

No time for blame game over Kashmir floods: Jitendra SinghThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

70 years upper age for private bank CEOs  whole-time directors: RBIThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tata Power Solar to supply modules for 10 MW projectThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Crisil chief Roopa Kudva resigns  board to search for successorThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Not even 1 file pending for approval: Environment ministerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sadbhav Engineering: EGM on Oct 04  2014Jan 01, 1970, 05.29 AM IST
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Post your opinion here
The page you are seeking has expired and is no longer available on Moneycontrol.com
ADS BY GOOGLE

TVS Motor has trebled this year  is it still a good buySep 09, 2014, 05.13 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
TVS Motor has trebled this year, is it still a good buy?
We have seen TVS sales gone up significantly. Earnings per share has doubled year-on-year basis. So there is a significant improvement of fundamentals as well, says Gopi Suvanam, founder of Investworks.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
TVS Motor has trebled this year, is it still a good buy?
We have seen TVS sales gone up significantly. Earnings per share has doubled year-on-year basis. So there is a significant improvement of fundamentals as well, says Gopi Suvanam, founder of Investworks.
Post your opinion here
TVS Motor has trebled this year, do you think its still a good buy? Joining us is Gopi Suvanam, founder of Investworks and Neeraj Deewan, director at Quantum Securities
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview with Menaka Doshi and Anuj Singhal.
Menaka: What is your view on TVS Motor?
Suvanam: I have a sort of negative view at the moment.
Menaka: Why is that?
Suvanam: It has been tripled, that is one reason to be negative.
Menaka: So you think it has run up already as much as it could?
Suvanam: Yes and I have an interesting theory when it comes out to stocks. Buying into motor stocks is coming in phases. Initially we saw a big buying into low value add stocks like Motherson Sumi Systems  etc. Then we are looking at two wheelers. That phase is also over now and investors will start focussing on higher value stocks, maybe four wheelers and commercial vehicle stocks going forward.
Menaka: This you are basing on some fundamental reading of consumer pattern?
Suvanam: Exactly, because if you remember last year most people were saying it is a difficult time to buy new vehicles. So people would go for replacements. So Motherson Sumi and Apollo stocks have gone up significantly last year and then the same theory persisted. People were saying economy still hasn’t picked up but people are willing to spend money. In fact we have seen TVS sales also has gone up significantly. Earnings per share (EPS) has doubled year-on-year (Y-o-Y) basis. So there is a significant improvement of fundamentals as well but most of it has already been priced into price of TVS especially and going forward the growth that we could expect in four wheelers is not yet priced into four wheeler auto companies.
Menaka: So relatively speaking you prefer four wheeler stocks over  TCS ?
Suvanam: Four wheeler stocks and given that the price has already gone up so much there will be some cuttings.
Menaka: Would you agree that TVS price has run up way too much and it is now the turn of four wheeler stocks, passenger car stocks to shine?
Deewan: Actually I am bullish on two wheelers and four wheelers both. Four wheelers can do better in the short term but I will divide this in two parts. If this was a portfolio investment and someone is holding on to TVS my view is that anything in the portfolio which is performing should be kept. So this is one of the performers in the portfolio which I will not really sell out of my portfolio but if someone is a new buyer who wants to buy TVS Motor  now I will advice then I will agree that you can wait for dips in the stock.
Yes, definitely it has run up fast but if you see last quarter-on-quarter (Q-o-Q) performance, June quarter 2013 to June quarter 2014 the volume growth was about 22 percent and the realisation growth was 6.6 percent but if you see only July and August months the volume growth is 39 percent. So if actually this trend is to be believed and the volume growth can be so high going ahead then even the analysts should be out for a surprise with the number that they have predicted for this year. So one is to keep it in the portfolio and you should look at opportunities to buy this stock on dips.
Anuj: The problem for TVS that it doesn’t get the market cap is because its margin profile is low but if it is improving don’t you think there is this scope for Rs 10,000 crore to even become Rs 20,000 and still trade at considerable discount to Bajaj and Hero?
Suvanam: It is still trading at Price/Earnings (P/E) multiple of 37 to 40 whereas the industry is trading at 27 to 28. So it is not that it is trading at a discount. There is huge expectation of growth. Maybe 50 odd percent growth in terms of EPS over the next couple of years and that is highly unrealistic given that it has a very small niche portfolio of products given Hero Motor or Bajaj. So that is one of the reasons that growth will be sort of caped but then again if we see some significant build up in EPS, let’s say, a kind of 25 percent over the next couple of quarters that could be taken as a cue for maybe increasing exposure if the price does not run up equally.
Anuj: What is your sense, do you think this company can command a market cap, say, not immediately but over next two or three years a market cap of, say, half of either Bajaj or Hero MotoCorp? Right not it is about one fifth of both these companies?
Deewan: Yes, if not half at least it can double from these levels. In the next two to three years the market cap can double. A couple of reasons; one, like I mentioned about volume growth, they have well diversified portfolios into scooties, scooters and motor cycle, they also have a slew of new vehicle which is going to come into the market, they have launches which are scheduled for this year also and plus there is an Indonesian subsidiary where there were losses. As per the management guidance the losses should come down this year and further reduce substantially next year also. So that will also add to the EPS plus they are even repaying the loans, so this year and next year will be huge cash generation and then loan can be really reduced to a great extent that will also add to the margins. But the kind of the volume growth we are seeing and the kind of fillip to the economy which we are expecting to increase going ahead this stock definitely over two to three years can double.
Anuj: In two wheeler space would you not pick any stock or is a call on TVS just a stock specific call?
Suvanam: In general I have more bullish view on four wheeler segment than on two wheeler segment and we have seen some amount of pick up in volumes in sales but that is not still reflected in four wheeler so that is a reason it is not completely priced into the price yet. There is a small bit of risk of economy recovering but if you are willing to take that risk there will be much better fillip to investing into a four wheeler company than in two wheeler company.
RELATED NEWS

Friends is there any updates regarding bonus allotments as i had boug...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Enter the ybrant if it trades below 60 else give it a skip.New Member
15 Followers
rly reddy M sir ji u n Rajeev ji r gem of a person helped thousand investors by advicing buy call on llyod at rt time...all r minting in profits only n only bcoz of u..May god bless u n ur family... regards
sir can u give any idea bliss gvs n rain
11.25 AM Sep 9th

I am not expecting fall sadiquetz ... but yes there must be a bearishn...New Member
122 Followers
i am not expecting fall sadiquetz ... but yes there must be a bearishness in markets ... nifty trend rvrsal can take place anytime but for shortterm ... long term profit booking can come only after 8078
5.28 PM Sep 9th  | Track

Buy lupin for steady return of 25% yoy basis for long termCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Bajaj launches KTM RC 200 and RC 390Bajaj launches KTM RC 200 and RC 390 in Pune
BS Reporter | Pune Sep 09, 2014 08:24 PM IST
Two wheeler major Bajaj Auto today launched the KTM RC series of super sports motorcycles RSC 390 and RC 200 in Pune.
The RC 200 will cost Rs  1.60 lakh, while the RC 390 is priced at Rs  2.05 lakh (ex-showroom, Delhi). The company said that the current price were introductory and it may increase the prices later. Both the models are being manufactured at Bajaj Auto’s Chakan Plant.
“Being number one bike manufacturer in Europe, we are now  exploring all the emerging markets like Latin America and  Asia. We are the fastest growing brand in India. In India, KTM is selling 1,700 units every month. We are a 100 per cent ‘ready to race’ product making company,” said Stefan Pierer, CEO, KTM Sportmotorcycles AG.
The RC 390 will compete with Honda CBR250R and Kawasaki Ninja 300.
Chakan plant is producing 45,000 KTM bikes across KTM’s six models per year and expects to ramp-up the production to 65,000 units by end of this year.  It may increase the capacity up to 100,000 units in the next four years.
KTM has outsourced all product development upto 800 cc to Bajaj Auto. Worldwide, KTM has sold 1.40 lakh bikes in FY’14 and targets to sell over 2.50 lakh bikes by end of 2020.
By partnering with Bajaj, KTM is rapidly expanding across Asia and Latin American markets.
Bajaj, on its part, said it is not looking to leverage its relationship with KTM to take its Indian brands into mature markets.
"Every brand has its place. We are already present in US, Canada and Japan through KTM. Beyond all the number games, we are creating a very sharp and clear motorcycle brand. Managements go awfully wrong when they try to impose their will on the market. So there is no need to ship out Discovers and Pulsars to those markets when we can do this. In the last five years, the we have unparallel success with KTM. We are not making any additional investment with KTM," said Rajeev Bajaj, managing director, Bajaj Auto.
Amit Nandi, senior vice president Bajaj Probiking said, "In the compact sports bike segment, we are growing at 120% while industry is growing only at 10%. With the RC's, we expect KTM to be by far the fastest growing motorcycle brand in India. We are far ahead than our competitors."
Bajaj has appointed 140 dealers across India to sell for KTM bikes. A total of 11,000 KTM bikes were sold in India in 2013-14 and another 24,000 were exported. In 2007, Bajaj But a 14.5% stake buy by Bajaj Auto in 2007 paved the way for a global strategic partnership covering joint product development, technology and distribution sharing between the partners. It has since raised its stake to 48%.

NTPC pays Rs 4 742 cr dividend for 2013-14NTPC pays Rs 4,742 cr dividend for 2013-14
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 09, 2014 04:28 PM IST
Country's largest thermal power producer NTPC has paid a dividend of Rs 4,741.16 crore to the government for the financial year 2013-14.
"The company had paid interim dividend amounting to Rs 3,298.19 crore on February 10, 2014. Today, the company has paid the final dividend of Rs 1,442.97 crore," NTPC said in a statement.
This is the 21st consecutive year that NTPC has paid dividend.
NTPC has been paying dividend since 1993-94 and has paid Rs 37,000 crore since then of which the government's share was Rs 32,000 crore.
Presently the equity of government is Rs 6,180 crore.
The NTPC scrip closed at Rs 140.50, down marginally, on the BSE.

Who the heck is Jack MaWho the heck is Jack Ma? Meet the man who built Alibaba
By Sophia Yan  @sophia_yan September 4, 2014: 9:56 PM ET
 
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Alibaba founder Jack Ma was never supposed to be a billionaire.
Harvard snubbed him. He flunked college entrance exams twice. Investors thought the serial entrepreneur was crazy when he started building an e-commerce site in China.
But Ma proved them all wrong. Alibaba, which he launched in 1999 from his tiny Hangzhou apartment, is set for one of the largest IPOs in U.S. history.
Analysts estimate that Alibaba -- which does most things digital -- could be valued at $200 billion, roughly four times the market cap of Lockheed Martin ( LMT ).
How did an English teacher with a modest translation business become a tech titan? It began with a drink.
Searching for "beer" and "China" during his first use of the Internet in 1995, Ma found nothing. But there was plenty of information about American beer. And German beer.
Sensing an opportunity, Ma built a Chinese-language webpage. Within hours of launch, he was receiving enquiries from around the world. The Internet, Ma thought, is "going to change the world and change China."
A few years later, in 1999, Ma gathered 17 friends and acquaintances at his home. They worked feverishly on a new venture: a website to connect exporters with foreign buyers.
Alibaba.com was born. The firm quickly outgrew Ma's apartment, eventually becoming the dominant tech company in China.
The comedian is our CEO
Ma, 49, has always been proud of his humble roots. When Alibaba launched, Ma had no money, no tech experience and a haphazard management style.
But he did have plenty of charisma. Former executives say Ma's infectious optimism -- and his talent with languages -- helped sell the dream.
"He's funny! He can do standup in Chinese or English," said Duncan Clark, a former Alibaba consultant. "He can adapt to the audience ... he has the ability to make everybody in the room feel as if he's talking to just one person."
Ma, married with two kids, is also known to rely on gut instinct.
"He cares more about what is in someone's heart than what is on their resume," said Porter Erisman, a former executive who made a documentary about the company. "Look at the senior managers -- at Alibaba, a lot of them had no prior business experience."
Employees are "Ali people," and managers are given nicknames taken from popular Chinese martial arts novels. Ma, a tai chi devotee, sometimes draws inspiration for company strategy from those books.
The Yangtze River crocodile
Ma is also a ferocious competitor, and steadfast in his belief that Chinese firms can take on international rivals.
"Chinese brains are just as good ... this is the reason we dare to compete with Americans," Ma told his fellow co-founders in 1999. "We can beat government agencies and big famous companies, because of our innovative spirit."
It was this conviction that led Ma to challenge eBay in 2003 when the Silicon Valley firm was expanding its China operation.
Spoiling for a fight, Ma sent a team back to his apartment to devise the next big thing. "EBay is a shark in the ocean; we are a crocodile in the Yangtze River," he said. "If we fight in the ocean, we will lose, but if we fight in the river, we will win."
The team came back with a product called Taobao, or "searching for treasure," in Chinese. The platform was similar to eBay, but better suited to the local market.
Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ) invested $1 billion in the venture. Within a few years, Taobao squeezed eBay out of China. The marketplace handled $177 billion in sales in 2013.
"Ali People" flock to Alifest
Alibaba is a global company with 22,000 employees and 90 offices. Its popular sites, Taobao and Tmall.com, account for 80% of China's online retail sales, and receive more than 100 million visitors a day.
The group and its affiliates operate an e-payment business, online investment funds , cloud computing and mobile services. Remembering how difficult it was to get financing for his translation business, Ma started a loan service to help entrepreneurs.
Alibaba is also getting into entertainment and sports, acquiring media companies and a soccer team in a pre-IPO buying spree. Critics say this is irresponsible -- a last hurrah before Ma is beholden to shareholders.
Ma stepped down as CEO in 2013, and now pursues philanthropic endeavors . But he remains chief strategist at Alibaba, and the public face of the company. He is, by all accounts, still very involved in management decisions.
Once a year, employees and customers turn their attention to Alifest -- a conference that at times resembles a rock concert. The blowout event has featured guests including Bill Clinton and Kobe Bryant.
"Alifest convinced me to join Alibaba," said former executive David Wei. "I've never seen so many happy customers, so many happy employees."
Ma performs at these gatherings, donning sparkly costumes and belting out popular tunes. The crowd always goes wild.
"I never thought I would be where I am today," Ma said in a speech last year. "I never thought Alibaba would be where it is today."
First Published: September 4, 2014: 9:49 PM ET
Most Popular

Tepid demand  a sign of waning interest in goldUpdated: September 7, 2014 00:21 IST
Tepid demand, a sign of waning interest in gold?
Ramnath Subbu
The Hindu Demand for gold in India has been tepid in the last quarter given the restrictions in place for its import.
TOPICS
gold and precious material
Given the inverse relation between the U.S. dollar and gold price, a strong dollar has been putting pressure on gold price in recent weeks. This has led many to question if gold’s run as an asset class has diminished and whether India, with the emergence of alternative investment options such as equities and property, will see a waning interest in gold.
Demand for gold in India has been tepid in the last quarter given the restrictions in place for its import. It may be premature to dismiss India’s affinity for gold even though it lost around 5 per cent in the current calendar year. Gold closed the week at Rs.27,300 per 10 gram.
“In the last quarter, investors sold gold and invested in shares given the booming equity markets,” Suresh Hundia, President-Emeritus, India Bullion & Jewellery Association, told The Hindu. “We will have to wait and watch over the next few weeks when festive buying starts coming in as the geopolitical situation internationally has certainly cooled down,” he added.
The last quarter of the calendar normally sees a demand surge with the onset of Dussera and the wedding season in December. But lower prices tend to encourage gold buying in India.
“Gold is currently trading low and is attractive for bottom-fishing,” Nitin Nachnani, analyst, Geojit Comtrade, a commodity trading outfit, said. He felt the current price levels of $1,240-1,250 an ounce and Rs.27,300 per 10 gram are support levels and have been repeatedly tested but not breached.
Besides, Mr. Nachnani said “SPDR Gold Trust, among the world’s leading funds, has been accumulating gold at dips and is expected to buy heavily at $1,300 levels which could turn the trend bullish.”
The premium on gold, which had gone down to negligible levels, is now $7-8 an ounce, according to Mr. Hundia. He felt domestic price could range between Rs.26,500 and Rs.28,500 per 10 gram till Diwali. “There could be a demand pick-up in the festive season and further with the wedding season in December but time will tell,” Mr. Hundia said.

Micromax launches Canvas Nitro at Rs. 12 990NEW DELHI, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 8, 2014 23:43 IST
Micromax launches Canvas Nitro at Rs. 12,990
Yuthika Bhargava
Micromax launched its latest handset Canvas Nitro in New Delhi on Monday. Photo: Kamal Narang
TOPICS
PDAs and smartphones
Homegrown major Micromax on Monday launched its latest handset Canvas Nitro powered by an octa-core processor, targeted mainly at young professionals and college students, priced at Rs 12,990.
The Dual SIM device, launched exclusively through online marketplace Snapdeal, runs on Android KitKat operating system, and comes with 2GB RAM, 5-inch HD IPS display, leather finish back, 13MP rear and 5MP front camera, 8GB memory (expandable upto 32GB) and 2500 mAh battery.
While the handset maker would continue to sell devices through offline channels, it expects the share of online smartphone sales to rise to about 25 per cent of total sales in the next two years.
“We will never be a ‘only online’ brand. Presently, about 10 per cent of our sales are coming from that but it will definitely grow. Over the next two years, 25 per cent of atleast the smartphone sales would come from online,” Micromax Chief Executive Officer Vineet Taneja said.
Micromax, which is the country's second largest handset maker, is hopeful of becoming the number one player soon. While Taneja did not set a timeline to it, he said, “We are very focussed on growth. So it should happen soon”.
Besides, the company plans to launch two more smartphones ahead of the festive season.
“Apart from the Android One phone, we will have one more smartphone and some feature phones, as there is still a market for them. By early next year, we should also have a 4G handset as well," he said.
Presently, 60 per cent of sales volumes for Micromax comes from feature phones and remaining 40 per cent from smartphones.
Meanwhile, talking about the launch, Snapdeal Senior Vice President (Electronics and Home) Tony Navin said, “Mobile and tablets is one of our fastest growing categories and this partnership is a strategic decision to add onto our offerings.”

Flight MH17 hit by high energy objects  report findsair and space accident
A Malaysian passenger jet blew up in mid-air over eastern Ukraine after being hit by numerous “high speed objects,” according to an interim report published on Tuesday into the disaster that claimed 298 lives.
Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 “broke up in the air probably as the result of structural damage caused by a large number of high-energy objects that penetrated the aircraft from outside,” said a highly anticipated report by the Dutch Safety Board.
The findings appear to back up claims that the Boeing 777, which crashed in July as it was flying from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur, was hit by shrapnel from a missile. “There are no indications that the MH17 crash was caused by a technical fault or by actions of the crew,” the report said.
Kiev and the West have accused pro-Russian separatists of shooting down the plane with a surface-to-air BUK missile supplied by Moscow. But Russia blamed government forces for the attack.

Flight MH17 likely hit by numerous  high-speed objects : expertsprint
Flight MH17 that crashed over rebel-held eastern Ukraine split into pieces during flight after being hit by numerous high-speed objects, said a report released by the Netherlands on Tuesday.
"Flight MH17... operated by Malaysia Airlines broke up in the air probably as the result of structural damage caused by a large number of high-energy objects that penetrated the aircraft from outside," said the preliminary report into the disaster that claimed 298 lives, most of them Dutch citizens.
The report, which comes almost two months after MH17 was went down, also said the Boeing 777-200 was airworthy when it took off from Amsterdam and was staffed by a "qualified and experienced crew."
"There were no technical problems," the 34-page report stated.
The report said the fact that the plane was hit by high-speed objects "explains the abrupt end to data registration on the recorders, the simultaneous loss of contact with air traffic control and the aircraft's disappearance from radar." 
The Boeing was blown out of the sky over eastern Ukraine as it was flying from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur on July 17, killing all on board including 193 Dutch citizens.
Kiev and the West accused pro-Russian separatists of shooting down the plane with a surface-to-air missile supplied by Moscow.
Russia, which denies mounting Western claims of direct involvement in the five-month conflict in Ukraine, has blamed government forces for the attack.

Saturday night feverUpdated: September 15, 2014 11:49 IST
Saturday night fever
rock and roll music
A high-voltage musical wave hit the shores as people thronged Mahabalipuram for the Rock Stock Festival
Beer mathram kitti?” asks Tony John who is clad in a black veshti, and the crowd yells back. It doesn’t matter that Avial is playing in Chennai; everyone in the audience seems to understand Malayalam.
At 10 p.m., the noise is deafening and there are more people now than there were for any other band. They stumble in the dark, trampling many feet in the process for the front row is where all the energy is, that’s where all the students are swaying and head-banging to the music. There’s a small group playing football, kicking the ball in rhythm with the beat, there’s a girl grooving to the music even as she sits on someone’s shoulders and a selfie stick that is being passed around among the fans. The enthusiasm of the crowd is boundless. For a minute it doesn’t seem like the music festival is taking place in Chennai but a closer look at the crowd gives it away: a woman dressed in a resplendent white anarkali mingles freely with those wearing shorts, a family of four complete with two small kids actively jump along to the music, and Bermuda shorts-clad men reaffirm that the city has always had an odd, but independent sense of fashion. This is the Rock Stock Festival at Chariot Beach, Mahabalipuram.
My colleagues and I land up at 7 p.m., just in time to see Chennai-based band Skrat play. We find our way to the VIP section that’s right in the middle; it’s a platform that’s topped with red felt with two rows of chairs at the back and an exceptionally passive audience. It’s no surprise that our eyes, and quite literally our hearts, are drawn to the front with its sweaty, hyperactive energy. As the hours wear on, we find that the music grows on us. While we scour the venue and come back to take our places, the band has changed. The air is heavy with an electric zest and after a couple of enquiries that leave us none the wiser, the drums reveal a logo — it’s Thermal and a Quarter.
Later, Junkyard Groove’s frontman is topless and dancing to his music. There’s no doubt that the band is quite popular; people here know the lyrics by rote. A rendition of the Addams Family soundtrack has people singing along the loudest. As the star performance of the night, Avial, takes the stage, they have the audience hooked to every word of theirs — be it the psychedelic ‘Aadu Pambe’, a song about the forest and of forest dwellers and their culture, or Thyagaraja’s composition of ‘Nagumomu Ganaleni’, rendered quite beautifully by Neha Nair.
For those walking in, the atmosphere seems quite subdued. There are many youngsters running around and some inebriated ones walking out of the venue. One of us almost steps on a guy who’s passed out and he doesn’t notice. But going back is not a simple option; especially if you’ve travelled almost 55 km to attend this.
Of course, Chennai has a long way to go before it catches up with Sunburn, NH7 or even Fireflies, but this is a start and a good one at that. It’s a great initiative for both performers and fans of independent music and good company makes it even better. There are even a few stalls that sell shiny hats, T-shirts and ceramic dolls. One of the drawbacks, however, is the limited and expensive food. Skrat’s T.T. Sriram, though, is happy with the turnout, especially at a time when, he says, “people prefer DJs”. But he adds that there is not enough publicity for independent music. It’s no Coachella or Lollapalooza, but with a turnout of close to 1,500, the festival works. We leave what feels like a special musical celebration — the promise of EDM at the after party doesn’t lure us, EDM has never lured us — but the night culminates with a dose of Girish and the Chronicles that still rings in our heads when in the car. A Saturday night well spent.
(With inputs from Raveena Joseph and Susanna Myrtle Lazarus)

Investec ties up 180m Kensington dealInvestec ties up £180m deal for mortgage lender Kensington
By Stephen Foley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1cdd5876-37f1-11e4-b69d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Godfrey Phillips planning to consolidate businessesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
K K Modi Group to bring all businesses under one roof
Our Bureau
Tweet
(From left to right) Shailesh Khurana, Business Head and Vice-President, Chewing & Confectionery Business, Godfrey Phillips India Ltd, Cricketer Yusuf Pathan, Nita Kapoor, Chief Operating Officer- Domestic, Godfrey Phillips India Ltd, Venky S. Mysore, CEO & MD, Kolkata Knight Riders, cricketers Piyush Chawla and Suryakumar Yadav, at the launch of the new product ‘Pan Vilas Silver Dewz’, a premium mouth freshener of the Pan Vilas brand.
The move will bring total 10 businesses of the group under one brand
Ahmedabad, Sept 9:  
The diversified K K Modi Group plans to undertake major branding exercise by bringing all 10 businesses including tobacco products, cigarette, tea, chemicals, retail, chewing products among others under one roof.
The Rs 8,500 crore (US$ 1.5 bullion) KK Modi Group has about 60 per cent of the total revenues coming from Godfrey Phillips India Ltd (GPI), which sells cigarette brands under the names of Four Square, Red and White, Cavanders among other operations.
According to senior officials of the group, the move is seen as a branding exercise of the company’s all businesses. Many other businesses including chemicals, retail among others have separate brands. In an exercise of over the next 2-3 months, all the businesses will be brought under one brand.
Company’s chief operating officer – Domestic, Nita Kapoor informed that GPI is increasing its focus on mouth freshener products including confectionary products and chewing products to maintain its growth trajectory. Even if company’s 90-95 per cent of the Rs 4200-crore revenues comes from cigarettes and only 5 per cent from chewing products, growth potential is expected more in chewing products.
“Growth potential is less in the Cigarettes business. The business is facing problems as about 46 per cent of the turnover goes to excise and VAT among others,” said Kapoor adding that confectionery business is getting more lucrative.
“The promoters are planning to consolidate all the verticals of businesses and bring it under one roof. A decision on the same is likely around Diwali this year,” Kapoor told media persons at the launch of chewing mouth freshener Pan Vilas Silver Dewz – silver coated cardamom (elaichi). The company has appointed an international consulting group Monitor Group for consolidation of businesses.
Launched in 2010, Pan Vilas has achieved Rs 160 crore turnover, which it expects to increase to Rs 500 crore in next 2-3 years. Company has lined up three more non-nicotine mouth fresheners and chewing products to be launched over the next couple of years. Pan Vilas Silver Dewz, priced at Rs 1 for 0.17 gm and Rs 10 for 1.7 grams, is the lead sponsor of Knight Riders (KKR) team of IPL.
Growing at double digit rate, Mouth fresheners are considered major contributor to India’s Rs 10,000-crore chewing and confectionery market.
In order to maintain its growth momentum, Godfrey Phillips has initiated product innovation and development for new launches in mouth freshener segment.
GPI, with Rs 400 crore exports, has already invested about Rs 250 crore towards setting up new manufacturing facilities at Faridabad and Ghaziabad. Also, it has planned Rs 100-crore capex for additional capacity expansion. “We have additional land available in Gujarat. We may set up a new manufacturing facility to producing some of the confectionery or chewing masala products at Gujarat. But that call will be taken by the promoters at appropriate time,” Kapoor added. Company shares closed at Rs 3,183.90 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) on Tuesday.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Indian Energy Exchange gears up for cross border power tradeIndian Energy Exchange gears up for cross border power trade
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 9:  
In a move that would boost cross border exchange of electricity, country’s largest power bourse IEX expects to have participants from neighbouring Bangladesh and Nepal trading on its platform in the “next few months“.
The necessary approvals that would pave the way for Bangladesh and Nepal to purchase electricity from the Indian Energy Exchange (IEX) are getting processed, a senior exchange official said.
“We are expecting breakthrough in cross—border exchange transactions in the next few months,” IEX Director (Business Development) Rajesh Kumar Mediratta told PTI.
“Bangladesh interconnector has spare capacity of about 30-100 MW in different periods in the year. Nepal has strengthened existing 132 kV lines with Bihar. Necessary approvals are under process. We hope to achieve adding these countries as our participants soon,” he noted.
At present, about 150 MW electricity is imported by Nepal while it is around 500 MW for Bangladesh.
Purchasing electricity through the exchange would also ensure price discovery through a transparent and neutral platform, according to IEX.
To facilitate cross border exchange of electricity, IEX would also be having separate bid area for each country.
“In the long—run, we would like to see IEX as South Asian exchange on the same model as NordpoolSpot (Scandinavian and Baltic countries) and EPEXSpot (France, Germany, Switzerland and Austria),” Mediratta said.
With 96 per cent market share, IEX is the country’s largest power exchange and witnesses an average daily trade of about 80,000 MWh electricity. The bourse has more than 3,000 participants.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Supreme Court reserves verdict on illegal coal blocksSC reserves verdict on illegal coal blocks
Agencies  New Delhi, September 09, 2014
First Published: 17:19 IST(9/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:35 IST(9/9/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court Tuesday reserved its verdict on the fate of 218 coal blocks which it had declared illegal.
The apex court bench headed by Chief Justice RM Lodha reserved the verdict after a day-long hearing on the consequences of its earlier decision, holding that the process of the allocation of these coal mines 'arbitrary and illegal'.
At the outset of the hearing, the central government told the court that it favoured auction of all the 218 blocks, but if the court so considered then 40 coal blocks which were already in production for years and six other coal blocks  which were ready to begin production could be exempted.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that if coal block allocations are cancelled, the government was ready to re-auction the blocks.
Rohatgi also said that if all blocks are cancelled, state giant Coal India should be allowed to take over active mines, or companies be allowed to continue production until the blocks are re-auctioned, in order to avoid supply disruptions.
The court last month held that the method of granting coal mining concessions from 1993 to 2011 was illegal, putting investments worth billions of dollars at risk and threatening to worsen a national coal shortage.
The blocks include about 40 that are producing coal, estimated to have a capacity of about 9% of the 566 million tonnes the country produced last year.
A decision to cancel the blocks would hit firms including Jindal Steel and Power Ltd, Hindalco Industries Ltd and Sesa Sterlite Ltd, which have spent heavily on steel and power plants based around the coal blocks.

Flipkart launches in-house home appliances  personal healthcare brandFlipkart launches in-house home appliances, personal healthcare brand
PTI
Bangalore, Sept 9:  
Homegrown e-tailer Flipkart today launched its in-house home appliances and personal healthcare brand — Citron.
The label includes a wide range of cooking utilities and grooming products. It is the third private label to be introduced by the e-commerce marketplace, Flipkart said.
It said the product range includes Citron electric kettles, sandwich makers, hand blenders and pop-up toasters.
The personal healthcare category has Citron shavers and trimmers, hair straighteners and dryers, it said in a release.
“The launch of Citron is our next step in expanding the private labels offering at Flipkart. This enables us to offer our customers quality products at a great value for yet another category after lifestyle and tablets,” Kalyan Krishnamurthy, SVP — Retail at Flipkart.
“In the next three months, we will expand into selling various other products such as irons, induction cooktops, juicers, mixers etc,” he added.
Flipkart said while the home appliances products are priced between Rs 500 and Rs 999, the personal healthcare products are priced between Rs 549 and Rs 949.
With this launch, Flipkart now houses private brands in four of the industry fledging categories — Flippd in apparels, Digiflip in consumer electronics and now Citron in home appliances and personal healthcare, the release pointed out.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related
Flipkart fumbles on the big day as server fails
TOPICS

Punjab asks all depts to integrate Aadhaar numberPunjab asks all depts to integrate Aadhaar number
PTI
Tweet
Chandigarh, Sept 9:  
Punjab government has asked all its departments to collect Aadhaar number of those applying for any of their services and prepare a database for effective implementation of e-governance in the state.
The Governance Reforms department has asked all the departments to start collecting the Aadhaar number or acknowledgment number from the people at the time of service application or service delivery, and store it in their departmental database, an official release said here today.
This initiative is being taken to identify the duplicate and bogus beneficiaries in the database, besides bringing transparency in the whole system, it added.
A communique has been issued to all Financial Commissioners, Administrative Secretaries saying that task force established under the Chief Secretary of Punjab to monitor various e-Governance projects has decided that all departments should take steps to share the benefits of State Resident Data Hub (SRDH) and Aadhaar Seeding for universal integration of Aadhaar with all departmental applications.
So far, 2.3 crore Aadhaar cards have been generated in the state.
SRDH is a state level subset of National Aadhaar Database called Central Identification Repository (CIDR), and it includes informations like Aadhaar number, name, address, date of birth, mobile number, email address and photograph of the residents, the release said.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Support for Nifty around 7950  resistance at 820003 September 2014
Wednesday
Nifty support comes around 7950 with possible resistance at 8200; Software (IT) remains a buy on dip and consolidation
Life time highs again accompanied by choppy movement; Nifty, Bank Nifty may be ready for a period of consolidation. Bank Nifty remained above 16000. Prices have rallied almost 700 points. We may see a consolidation or correction. CNX IT has seen a big up move today. Prices closed above 11000.
We have GOLD MINI in METAL SECTION. Prices have seen a breakdown from its support and now trading below to it. We have CEMENT in Sector Focus. Trend is down and we should avoid trading in this sector. Stock in focus includes AXIS BANK, KOTAK BANK, CENTURYTEX and SUN PHARMA. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss JPY INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Stocks Rise Despite Job Report Disappointment
The death of the political interviewLast updated: September 7, 2014 1:44 pm
The death of the political interview
By Ian Katz
The editor of ‘Newsnight’ talks about what’s gone wrong – and what to do about it
©Greg Funnell
Ian Katz on the set of the BBC’s ‘Newsnight’
Almost exactly a year ago, the Labour MP Rachel Reeves, shadow secretary of state for work and pensions, came into the Newsnight studio for an interview that is perhaps better remembered for the Twitter faux-pas that followed than anything she actually said. I can still feel the bowel-loosening mortification of the moment I realised I had fired what I thought was a private, candid assessment of the encounter on to the hyperactive grapevine of Twitter; I am still genuinely sorry for the rudeness I showed a politician who had the decency to come in at 10.30pm and do a few rounds with Jeremy Paxman. But I recently rewatched the interview and there’s no getting away from it: it was boring snoring.
I don’t think the problem was the subject matter. Labour’s complex and fraught relationship with the unions would explode as one of the big political stories of the next few months. And Labour’s policy on zero-hours contracts was important and potentially interesting territory. But Reeves’s exchange with Paxman had a sterile, deadening quality that made it hard to engage with any detail. Twice in the four-and-a-half minute encounter, Reeves prefaced answers with the passion-killing formulation “what we’ve said is”. Three times she began them with “Ed is going to talk about that in his speech”. She didn’t actually read out a briefing note from Labour’s PR high command but she might as well have done.
More
Third Person – film review
Looking back on it, what made my tweet so unfortunate was that it singled out Reeves for doing no more than conforming to her profession’s standards of best practice. A fairer observation might have been that a large proportion of political interviews – maybe even most – are boring snoring. The unacknowledged truth is that half a century after the bristling exchange between Robin Day and prime minister Harold Macmillan that reshaped the relationship between politics and the media, the broadcast political interview is stuck.
There are notable exceptions of course, most recently James O’Brien’s patient, forensic unravelling of Ukip leader Nigel Farage. And occasionally there are skirmishes that become so ill-tempered and toxic that they offer both the entertainment value of a slow motion car crash and the insight into a politician’s personality that fury can sometimes deliver. Labour leader Ed Miliband’s irritable pre-local election encounter with Martha Kearney comes to mind: “You don’t understand, Martha!”
But for the most part interviews with frontbenchers are an arid, ritualised affair: interviewer suggests politician’s policy or position is flawed/inconsistent/unfunded; politician denies the charge/ignores the question/suggests that real people in his or her constituency care about something different. They repeat this a few times, typically for somewhere between four and 10 minutes. The interviewee considers it a success if he or she hasn’t said something that will attract the ire of their party’s PR capos. The interviewer considers it a success if the exchange has produced “a line”, though more often than not it will be the line the politician came to deliver.
There is a safety-first ethos that conspires to make even the most interesting political figures seem dull
The result is a safety-first ethos that conspires to make even the most interesting political figures seem dull, and rewards those who prove themselves to be “a safe pair of hands” with the highest offices in the land.
William Hague is a man with a rich intellectual hinterland and a dry sense of humour. Years ago, after he was defenestrated from the (probably premature) leadership of the Conservative party, I commissioned him to write about what it was like going up against Tony Blair. The resulting piece was candid, witty, emotionally intelligent. I can remember much of it now, more than a decade on, but I honestly can’t remember anything about any broadcast interview he has given as foreign secretary, except perhaps that it involved Angelina Jolie.
In person Miliband is a thoughtful, entertaining and self-aware conversationalist but put him in front of a TV camera and something strange happens. I’ve met Rachel Reeves a couple of times: she’s clever, engaging, even funny.
Increasingly, the most senior political figures don’t simply stonewall their way through tough interviews, they avoid them altogether. While a morning toasting on the Today programme remains an unavoidable trial of ministerial life, party leaders and some senior ministers increasingly avoid potentially hazardous excursions to the studios of Channel 4 News, Andrew Neil’s Sunday Politics or Newsnight. And even if they are willing to submit to challenging interviews themselves, interesting political figures with a weakness for candour are kept well away from the cameras. Don’t hold your breath for an in-depth interview with Labour’s loose-tongued wonk-in-chief Jon Cruddas any time soon.
Under the circumstances it is hardly surprising that the most viewed and talked about political interview of the last year did not feature a politician. Russell Brand’s Newsnight diatribe against politics and politicians was watched more than 10 million times on YouTube alone and it’s hard to imagine that the spavined state of the political interview has not been a major contributor to the mood of suspicion and disgust that Brand so powerfully articulated.
About as far away from Brand as it’s possible to travel in this galaxy, another interview a few weeks back offered a sharp reminder of how revealing and engrossing a great political interview can be. Talking to the historian Peter Hennessy for the Radio 4 Reflections strand , Sir John Major mused with arresting frankness about whether he had become prime minister too young (probably) and whether he should have resigned after Black Wednesday (“I was never sure whether I should have or not”).
Of course, Major is almost two decades away from the constraints and consequences of power now, and cynics will point out that Hennessy did not ask a single question about the most embarrassing corner of his record, his four-year affair with Edwina Currie. But listening to Major and Hennessy got me wondering why we can’t seem to conduct interviews with serving politicians even a fraction as illuminating and engaging. What has gone wrong with the political interview? Was there ever really a time it was a more candid and fruitful form of interaction? If there was, is there anything we can do to fix it?
In fact, people have been bemoaning the state of the political interview at least since the late 1980s. In his self-effacingly titled 1989 autobiography The Grand Inquisitor, Robin Day complained that both Margaret Thatcher and Neil Kinnock had developed effective techniques to frustrate searching broadcasters. “Interviews have tended to become a series of statements, planned for delivery irrespective of the question which had been put. This technique has gradually brought about the decline of the major television interview. It is now rarely a dialogue which could be helpful to the viewer.”
Sir Robin cited research conducted by two York University psychologists on interviews during the 1987 election campaign. Dr Peter Bull and Kate Mayer found that both Kinnock and Thatcher avoided more than half the questions put to them. They concluded the party leaders used 31 different forms of evasion that fell into the following categories: ignoring the question, acknowledging the question without answering, questioning the question, attacking the question, attacking the interviewer, declining to answer, making a political point, giving an incomplete answer, repeating previous answer and claiming already to have answered the question.
But dip into the archive and even these supposedly corrupted encounters have a prelapsarian quality. Here’s Brian Walden locking horns with Thatcher during the same campaign, like a married couple who have been sparring, more or less good-naturedly, for decades.
Walden: “You come over, as one of your backbenchers said, as someone who is slightly off your trolley, authoritarian, domineering, refusing to listen to anyone else.”
Thatcher: “Brian, if anyone’s coming over as domineering in this interview it’s you . . . now let’s just deal with the authoritarian thing.”
Wind back a little further and we’re into another country. Here’s David Frost interviewing Enoch Powell a year after his 1968 “rivers of blood” speech. Frost’s opening to one of his toughest and most combative interviews feels about as far from the opening zinger that many modern interviewers pride themselves on as you can get. “There are one or two areas of your mind that I find a slight enigma, and I hope we stroll in the direction of one or two of them.”
By common consent, the golden age of the political interview ran from Macmillan’s 1958 encounter with Day until the late 1980s, reaching its apogee in Walden’s meticulously choreographed Weekend World jousts. Of course, there have been plenty of great interviews since, many of them conducted by Paxman, who has a unique talent for turning even the most disciplined political interview into a theatrical – occasionally career-ending – skirmish.
But over time the predominance of an aggressive style characterised by the dictum “Why is this lying bastard lying to me?” – and the survival strategies that politicians have developed in response to it – have locked both sides into what economists call a “tragedy of the commons”.
Whereas interviewers like Day and Frost often spent a good 10 minutes sidling up to a tough question, the modern interview frequently dispenses with the pleasantries and goes straight for the jugular. As one leading interviewer put it: “These days every ball is a fastball down the leg side.”
A decade or so ago former Blair spinner Tim Allan decried this style of interviewing as “punk political journalism”. It was, he complained, “journalism that puts the journalist centre stage. It judges itself by how many hits it can rack up against the subject. Any communication by the politician on his or her terms is regarded as a failure.”
Certainly, since Gordon Reece set about lowering Thatcher’s voice and training her to avoid the potholes of an adversarial interview, the likes of Reece and Allan have been hard at work trying to stop their masters saying anything too interesting in front of a TV camera. One minister suggests it was no coincidence that Peter Mandelson, the man who mastered the challenge of imposing “message discipline” on an entire party, was a veteran of Walden’s Weekend World. “He understood both the potency and the perils of the form.”
It’s hardly surprising that those politicians willing to face the fast bowling of an adversarial interview come to the crease heavily padded up and armed with a series of defensive strokes. “There is just this fear that one slip effaces everything else,” one minister told me. “One line out of place.” The former cabinet minister sounded remarkably similar: “Most ministers thinking of a TV interview take the view that it’s all potential downside and no potential upside because one slip and they’re dead.”
In a lecture earlier this year on the pros and cons of adversarial journalism, my soon-to-be colleague Evan Davis suggested that journalists and politicians had arrived at an impasse: “I think the worst of you. You play it as defensively as you can. Your strategy of being defensive is justified by me being aggressive and, worst of all, me being aggressive is justified by the obfuscation and nonsense of you being defensive. We’re now locked into the low road. Your strategy justifies mine. My strategy justifies yours.” One former coalition cabinet minister summarised this Mexican stand-off like this: “The political interview is in a low trust equilibrium and it’s sort of stuck there.”
©Greg Funnell
What can be done to make the political interview a more illuminating and rewarding form, a source of light as well as heat? Here are a few modest ideas:
1. Both broadcasters and politicians need to acknowledge that the interview is a transaction that must yield something useful for both sides – and especially the audience. Peter Hennessy talked of the “unspoken contract” of early TV interviews: publicity in exchange for good television. These days, with the profusion of outlets and platforms, politicians can get plenty of publicity without exposing themselves to a challenging interview. We need an updated contract: the opportunity to explain their thinking and decisions in depth, in exchange for the chance to test them thoroughly; the opportunity to demonstrate themselves to the public as three dimensional human beings in exchange for a greater level of candour.
2. We need to make a genuine attempt to explore and illuminate the dilemmas politicians face, to recognise that government is not a choice between good and bad policies but most often a search for the least worst option. A while ago I asked a thoughtful Tory minister what the interview he wished he could give would look like. He replied without a moment’s hesitation: “I’d like to be able to come in and say, ‘Here’s the policy I’ve just announced. There are quite a few problems with it, I’ll tell you what they are. Now let me tell you about the other two options I had available, and why both of them were worse.’ ”
In a similar vein a former Labour minister once told me how she’d once made the mistake of answering a question in a select committee about whether a particular policy would work as honestly as she could – by quoting what she estimated to be its probability of success. The next day she got hauled up by the party’s communications chief for admitting the policy could fail. Perhaps I am hopelessly naive but wouldn’t it be great if interviews allowed politicians to talk as candidly about the messy reality of political decision-making as these two wish they could?
3. We need to try harder to understand what makes politicians tick. Former chancellor and deputy Labour leader Denis Healey famously talked of the need for every politician to have a hinterland. If modern politicians have them, we glimpse them all too rarely. A while ago I had lunch with a cabinet minister renowned for giving rather attritional and frequently ill-tempered interviews. Over a steak, he casually revealed that he had returned to his lapsed hobby of oil painting. “I could never do watercolours. One mistake and you’re screwed. But oils are great – you go wrong and you just get some more paint and brush right over it.” He paused for a moment. “It’s just like politics.” I wish I got that sort of lateral insight into a politician’s psyche more often from interviews.
4. Finally, one that follows from the first three: we broadcasters need to give interviews – at least some of them – the time to breathe, even if that means putting up with more boring, snoring bits.
There are risks for both sides in any shift from the current sullen equilibrium. For us, the danger is that we offer politicians more time and space to explain themselves and they carry on just as defensively as before. Or that audiences tell us with their remote controls that, actually, they rather preferred heat to light. For politicians the risk is that they are more honest in interviews and find themselves pilloried the next morning for making a gaffe or displaying anything other than cast iron certainty about everything. To break the stand-off both sides have to jump at once.
So here’s a challenge to politicians: if you will dare to be a little more candid, to come to the crease a little less padded up, to answer questions rather than avoid them, we will give you the space to explain your politics and yourself, to show the public that you are a well-intentioned and (in some cases) rounded human being, to earn that most precious – and scarce – of political commodities, authenticity.
That doesn’t mean we’ll give you an easy ride. As Evan argued in his lecture, sometimes it is the job of the interviewer to give voice to the frustrations and anger of the viewer, even when it is not likely to elicit a helpful or revealing answer. “One of the purposes of what we do is to be seen to be pouring a bucket of custard over powerful people.” And often seeing the lengths a politician will go to avoid answering a question tells its own story: the former home secretary Michael Howard’s 12 refusals to answer Paxman’s question are probably better remembered than anything a British politician has said in an interview in the modern era.
Back in 1989 Sir Robin worried that the decline of the political interview would damage more than the interests of broadcasters like him. “What deeply concerns me is that the very principle of the television interview – the ancient Socratic method of imparting and gathering information by the process of question and answer – has been deliberately devalued . . . This is bad for the people, bad for democracy, bad for television, and bad, in the end, for politicians.”
With politicians now outstripping even us journalists as candidates for public disdain, those words seem more than a little prophetic. There is endless talk about the crisis in politics and how it might be tackled. Reinvigorating the political interview might be a constructive and modest place to start. As one former minister put it: “It is not tenable for politicians to keep talking the way they are talking. There has to be a different way of doing it.”
A politician’s view
‘Trying to banish cynicism about politics may be difficult’
©BBC
Margaret Thatcher in an interview with Robin Day in 1980
The changing tone of the political interview mirrors the changing positions of politicians and the media over the past 50 years, writes Kwasi Kwarteng.
In the past, the media were more deferential because politicians were generally regarded as being better educated and occupying a higher social position than mere journalists.
Today, the boot is on the other foot. The interviewer is likely to be a celebrity media figure, earning multiples of a minister’s salary. One could be forgiven for thinking the media are the new “lords of the earth”, while ministers and politicians are inconvenient functionaries.
I have found that interviewers are generally polite and engaging. Funnily enough, interviewers in print often try to be aggressive and cynical, while these days broadcast interviews do at least try to inform the audience. I’ve read a couple of profiles of myself and thought they could have got as much information from Wikipedia.
It’s obvious that Jeremy Paxman and John Humphrys influenced much of the style of recent political interviews. But, as a listener, I remember being particularly frustrated when all you could hear was the interviewer saying, “But surely . . . ” without allowing the hapless politician any time to speak. The duty of the interviewer must surely be to inform his or her audience. It can’t simply be a showcase for the brilliance of the journalist, who, the implication often is, would be much better at running the country than any politician.
Interviewers should approach a political interview with the question, “What does the audience want to learn from this interview?” and not, “How can I trip this politician up?” Many people still gain most of their information from the television, so it is important that interviews actually inform.
I don’t think the days of Paxman’s rottweiler interrogations will return. But trying to banish a wider cynicism about politics may prove to be very difficult.
Kwasi Kwarteng is Conservative MP for Spelthorne
Photographs: Greg Funnell; BBC

Punj Lloyd shares surge 10 per cent to upper circuit limitPunj Lloyd shares surge 10 per cent to upper circuit limit
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 19:00 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Shares of Punj Lloyd surged 10 per cent to touch its highest permissible trading limit for the day after the firm secured an order worth Rs 3,515 crore from PRPC Refinery and Cracker, a subsidiary under the PETRONAS group.
The infrastructure and engineering company's share price soared 9.88 per cent to Rs 40.60 - its upper circuit limit - and closed at that level.
In a filing to the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), Punj Lloyd on Monday said it has secured Rs 3,515 crore Rapid Tank Farm order from PRPC Refinery and Cracker, a subsidiary under the PETRONAS group, Malaysia's national energy company.
The Tank Farm is part of PETRONAS' refinery and petrochemical integrated development (RAPID) project in Pengerang, Malaysia, it said.
Commenting on the development, JP Chalasani, managing director and Group CEO of Punj Lloyd said, "Punj Lloyd is privileged to be part of PIC's critical milestone requirements. Our expertise in tankage is recognised globally with our greatest advantage being our in-house engineering skill and extensive project experience of large scale tank projects."
With the latest order, Punj Lloyd group's order backlog reaches Rs 24,679 crore.
At the National Stock Exchange (NSE), the stock climbed 9.91 per cent and sustained the level to close at Rs 40.50.

Olive Garden offers 7-weeks of unlimited pasta for $100Olive Garden offers 7-weeks of unlimited pasta for $100
Olive Garden offers 7 weeks of pasta for $100
Olive Garden offers 7 weeks of pasta for $100. Never-Ending Pasta
Olive Garden offers 7 weeks of pasta for $100. Never-Ending Pasta
Talk about carbo-loading. Olive Garden offering 7 weeks of all-you-can-eat pasta for $100.
Olive Garden is offering for the first time a "Never Ending Pasta Pass," which, for $100, gives the holder the right to consume unlimited pasta, salad, bread and Coca-Cola soft drinks for seven weeks.

For swing traders  focus should shift to best quality mid caps: Sukhani08 September 2014
Monday
Big gains for market as Nifty races towards 8200. For swing traders, focus should shift to best quality mid caps; index may move towards consolidation soon enough.
Our suggestion that today was a buy day worked out well enough. Tomorrow is a day to consolidate gains and even take some profits. Fresh positions in index and large cap index stocks are not suggested.  Bank Nifty resumes its uptrend and closed higher. Correction is over now. Look for a buying in Banking Stocks. Choppiness seems over now in CNX IT. Trend is up and we should look for a buying in this sector.
We have COPPER in METAL SECTION. Prices are trading inside a range. A breakout may give us a trading opportunity. We have STEEL in Sector Focus. Prices are consolidating and trading near the support. Avoid trading in this sector. Stock in focus includes HDFC BANK, MARUTI, RELIANCE and ULTRACEMCO. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss JPY INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Indian Markets Expected to Outperform in Short Term: Ramin NakisaYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Indian Markets Expected to Outperform in Short Term: Ramin Nakisa of UBS
Published On:                  September  8, 2014                 | Duration: 5 min, 26 sec
Tweet
UBS strategist Ramin Nakisa tells NDTV that while in the short term, the Indian markets are expected to outperform, one needs to be cautious as the dollar is expected to strengthen further once the US central bank starts increasing interest rates.

Bullish on Shoppers Stop: ZEST CapitalYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Bullish on Shoppers Stop: ZEST Capital
Published On:                  September  8, 2014                 | Duration: 9 min, 02 sec

Expect More Domestic Orders in Q4: Punj LloydYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Expect More Domestic Orders in Q4: Punj Lloyd
Published On:                  September  8, 2014                 | Duration: 10 min, 44 sec
Tweet
J P Chalasani, director and group CEO of Punj Lloyd, tells NDTV that the company's order backlog has swelled to Rs 25,000 crore after bagging an order worth Rs 3,515 crore from Malaysia. Though two-third of the orders have been bagged from abroad, Punj Lloyd has been bidding for road and metro projects in the country and expects to bag some orders in the last quarter of the financial year.

Delhivery raises USD 35 millionNEW DELHI, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 8, 2014 19:58 IST
Delhivery raises USD 35 million
Yuthika Bhargava
company information
The e-commerce logistics services company which counts majot players like Flipkart and Snapdeal as its clients, did not reveal the total amount raised in previous two rounds.
Delhivery, an e-commerce logistics services company, on Monday announced that it has raised USD 35 million (about Rs. 211 crore) from a group of investors, led by private equity firm Multiples Alternate Asset Management.
The Series C investment also saw participation from existing investors Nexus Venture Partners and Times Internet Limited.
“This round of financing will be used to invest extensively in our growing portfolio of commerce technologies and towards expanding our logistics infrastructure, fulfilment and transportation services,” Delhivery CEO and Co-founder Sahil Barua.
The company, which counts majot players like Flipkart and Snapdeal as its clients, did not reveal the total amount raised in previous two rounds.
Delhivery plans to expand its network to over 250 cities by the end of this calendar year from the present more than 180 cities and expects to double volumes by the end of the financial year.

Americans dont just work longer hoursthey also work stranger hoursAny plans this weekend?(Reuters/Robert Galbraith)
SHARE
Max Nisen @MaxNisen
September 8, 2014
Much has been made lately of how American work culture can make overwork into a badge of honor, instead of a pathology that ends up diminishing productivity and quality .
Although Americans put in more hours than most other wealthy nations, a few countries work even more , including Korea and Mexico. But at least compared with wealthy European nations, Americans are far more likely to work on weekends or in the dead of night, what the authors of  a new NBER working paper  call “strange work” (work performed between 10pm and 6am).
Using time-use survey data and work diaries, the researchers found that Americans’ work on the weekend exceeds that of the UK, Germany, France, the Netherlands, and Spain. On a typical day of a week, a quarter of American workers burned the midnight oil.
Here is how the six countries in the study (which did not look at countries outside of Europe) stack up when it comes to working at strange hours. The percentages note the likelihood of a person working on a Saturday or Sunday, or between 10pm and 6am, during a given week. (Note that the data does not always come from the same year, and that night work data is unavailable for Spain.):
Share
Tap image to zoom
These strange work hours probably happen because Americans work so much and lack the enforced vacations and limitations on overtime that exist in some European countries. Nearly twice as many US workers work 45+ hour weeks than in Germany, and more than twice as many do so than workers in France, the Netherlands, and Spain. As the work week grows longer, weekend and “strange” work becomes much more likely.
This stands to reason: Someone moving from a comparatively standard week of 35 to 44 hours to a 55- to 64-hour week is almost twice as likely to let that work bleed into weekends and nights, according to the study.
In recent decades, work hours have actually gone down around the world. Many countries adopted controls or limitations on the work day, and technology helped reduce hours. Comparing annual work hours in 1979 and 2012, America’s overall work hours declined slightly, but saw less of a drop than any country except for Sweden, where hours increased:
Share
Tap image to zoom
So what would happen to the US if it adopted similar controls? According to the study, if the country adopted the French distribution of work hours, night and weekend work would drop substantially, but would still remain well above that of continental Europe.
Given the potential health and personal impacts of overwork, Americans should perhaps consider some kind of intervention.
Share this:

The hidden commands for diagnosing and improving your Netflix streaming qualityGlass
September 8, 2014
Chances are that if you are a regular Netflix user, you often wish you could adjust the quality of your video stream. While you could always go into your account settings and change your streaming quality—auto, low, medium, or high—there’s an even more precise way to do so without ever leaving the video you’re watching.
Reddit users have found a series of “hidden” menus that allow you to view your streaming quality stats, diagnose any potential issues, and then adjust your stream accordingly. Try these while watching any video on netflix.com:
Control+alt+shift+S
Share
Tap image to zoom
It allows you to change both your bitrate and the CDN (content delivery network) from which your video streams. Highlighting two bitrates will ensure that your video streams in between those two selections. While most users probably want the highest bitrate possible, you may want to opt for a lower bitrate if you’re simultaneously downloading a large file while watching a video.
Control+alt+shift+D
Share
Tap image to zoom
This page shows the bitrate, framerate, and buffering speed (among other stats) that your video is currently playing at. It also shows which CDN you’re getting your stream from. You can actually open this page in the background of the stream manager, so that you can see how the changes you make actually adjust the quality of the video stream in real-time.
Control+alt+shift+L
Share
Tap image to zoom
The log page will track any adjustments you’ve made, as well as show you whether or not you’ve paused the video, changed the volume, added a subtitle track, etc. You can also change the menu in the top right to give you a series of slightly more nerdy options. It’s possible that if you were to call a customer service rep on the phone to fix an issue, he or she might prompt you to bring up one of those other menus to troubleshoot.
Alt+shift+left click will bring up a menu with all of the these options  and a separate page to adjust audo-video synchronization, but it doesn’t seem to work on OS X.
The quality and connection speed of Netflix streams has been a popular topic lately, as the company has signed deals with some major internet providers  to have a more direct connection to their customers. Netflix users may often feel like the quality of their video streams is out of their control—and, for the most part, it is—but thanks to a few clever Redditors, you can now do some simple quality control yourself.
Share this:

These are the websites where hackers flip stolen credit card data after an attackTap image to zoom
Screenshot of the Rescator search page.(Rescator)
Once a “carder” makes a purchase via Bitcoin, Western Union, or any of the various electronic payment platform the site accepts, he or she receives a file that contains the credit card’s magnetic strip data, which can then be loaded onto a forged card that can be used in person at stores.
Rescator is one of hundreds of sites devoted to selling stolen credit cards, many identifiable via cursory Google searches. Krebs profiled in-depth one such site, known as “McDumpals,” in June. Krebs’ investigations also have identified an individual responsible for Rescator and some of its “mirror” sites—pages that run copies of the same website in case one server is shut down by hackers or by the government.
Rescator is run from servers in Russia, so the United States is powerless to seize or block the page, according to Mark Lanterman, an investigator for Computer Forensic Services, a private information security firm.
Unlike the now-defunct Silk Road  and other “dark net” marketplaces that can be found only at obscure URLs accessed from special web browsers, Rescator and many other card thievery sites are accessible to ordinary web browsers and have readable web addresses. This no doubt is a tradeoff for dealers in illicit plastic, sacrificing the greater anonymity of the dark web for the increased visibility—and, perhaps, business—provided by the Internet that’s there for the rest of us.
Share this:

A bumpy ride  but still worth itUpdated: September 8, 2014 20:22 IST
A bumpy ride, but still worth it
sport
Let’s lap up what little that is still on offer from Federer, writes Nirmal Shekar
Mortality in sport is a familiar yet deeply unsettling phenomenon. Not a day passes without one iconic athlete or the other getting some kind of intimation of its existence.
On the other hand, no day is complete without a valiant attempt by one sportsperson or the other to try to ward off its seemingly evil intent.
This is precisely why sporting mortality can be so easily used and abused as a trope to explain away larger existential questions.
The 48 hours in which Roger Federer defiantly fought off the Big M from his doorstep, before finding it settled comfortably on his drawing room couch, have offered us yet another reminder about the inevitability of mortality and its utter disregard for status hierarchies.
Well, it can’t happen to Roger, can it? How can something as banal, as quotidian as the Big M strike the great man?
Of course it can, and it will — if not this year, then a year on, or two or three years down the line.
No way out
It is one fact from which nobody has ever found a way out, in sport as in life. There are some who are lucky enough to pre-empt its body-blow and go out in style. But this is as much due to chance as it is perhaps the result of deep, rational thought and action.
Pete Sampras, having shaken off its rude intimations time and again over two years, finally won his 14th and last major title by beating Andre Agassi in the 2002 U.S. Open final. Although he officially retired only a year later, that turned out to be the last time he picked up a racquet as a professional.
For every Lucky Pete there are a hundred Sad Sams.
Before he was outplayed by an inspired Marin Cilic in the semifinals of the U.S. Open last Saturday, Federer had put on show passages of near-flawless, ethereal tennis — the sort of athletic magic that fools you into believing that you had at last spotted a real immortal as opposed to the metaphorical ones.
These were occasions when the devout once again undistractedly paid attention to the great man’s game in a manner that might have eluded them when they were part of almost any other sporting experience in their lives.
“Great athletes catalyse our awareness of how glorious it is to touch and perceive, move through space, [and] interact with matter,” wrote the late American novelist David Foster Wallace in an essay in the The New York Times in 2006.
Wallace’s memorable piece, titled Federer as Religious Experience, famously introduced into the tennis lexicon in the new millennium its conjoined twins — Federer Moments.
But even then, American literature’s tortured soul saw through all the beauty and hinted at its mortality.
“Genius is not replicable. Inspiration, though, is contagious, and multiform — and even to just see, close up, power and aggression made vulnerable to beauty is to feel inspired and (in a fleeting, mortal way)  reconciled.’’
Those were the last two sentences of Wallace’s masterly piece, the equivalent of anything any great writer may have ever written on sport, including perhaps Ernest Hemingway and Norman Mailer.
From the time he won the first of his record 17 Grand Slam titles at Wimbledon in the summer of 2003, the Federer masterclass has fed the soul of sports-lovers as nothing ever did in the 21st century.
Matchless beauty
Reporting his matches, there were times when you became urgently aware of the sheer inadequacy of language itself in the face of the matchless beauty. I would sit at the keyboard for long moments, only to realise my own smallness, my own limitations as a purveyor of sporting truths.
But then, to try to understand how Federer accomplished what he did on court was — I eventually came to believe — to dilute and violate the pure experience of what one had luckily been part of.
Once, at the Australian Open in Melbourne on an unforgettable night, after Federer had won a point with a breathtakingly impossible shot, a German scribe turned to me with a look on his face that had the question, Did You See That, written all over it.
It was exactly what Wallace was talking about when he wrote of the Federer Moments — times when a great athlete reshaped our perceptions of the possible and the impossible.
My own experience of watching other sports, and gladiators and icons who elevated them, might have, at times, come close to the way one felt when witnessing the Federer magic.
But the chances of a professional sports hack getting to be part of such heightened moments of life — ones that philosophers from the time of Aristotle have celebrated and spent considerable time pondering — on a weekly basis are vanishingly small.
This is precisely why mere numbers and records should form no part of our consciousness when Federer is still around — even if he is not winning Majors anymore, even if he is unable to reproduce his special sorcery week after week, match after match.
Let us lap up what little that is still on offer.
“The cradle rocks above an abyss, and common sense tells us that our existence is but a brief crack of light between two eternities of darkness,” wrote Vladimir Nabokov in the larger context of life itself. But to many of us sportlovers, Federer Moments might well come to represent that brief crack of light.

Are D.C. railways secure The Council asked and EMS answered.By Luz Lazo September 8 Follow @luzcita
The CSX train tracks that go underground at the tunnel near Garfield Park and H at 2nd Streets Southeast under the Southeast-Southwest Freeway is the site where the proposed construction would start.  CSX wants to add a second track and have the tunnel deep enough to accommodate double-stacked container freight trains. P (Photo by Katherine Frey/The Washington Post)
D.C. EMS personnel haven’t conducted a rail emergency exercise in recent years and the last time the city’s first responders received specialized training for handling such emergencies was five years ago. In addition, the city doesn’t inspect freight rail shipments or rail infrastructure in the city.
That’s what top EMS officials told the D.C. Council on Monday during an oversight hearing on the proposed reconstruction of a CSX rail tunnel in Southeast Washington, a project that has revived concerns about the safety and security of the city’s railways.
Officials emphasized, however, that protocols are in place in the event of a derailment or a hazmat emergency.  And even though no rail emergency exercises have been held in recent years, regular hazmat drills are conducted and all emergency personnel have had some level of training in handling hazardous materials..
The District’s top homeland security official, however, said the city needs to update its assessment of vulnerabilities related to rail safety and security, which became a hot topic in the aftermath of the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorists attacks.
Chris T. Geldart, director of the District’s Homeland Security and Emergency Management Agency (HSEMA), said the agency is working with CSX on a new system that will allow law enforcement to know in real time what trains traveling through the city are carrying, including any hazardous materials.  He said HSEMA personnel are being trained on the system this week.
The new system, he said, will be accessible to police and other law enforcement agencies, giving them all the information they need to better assess any security and safety threats.
If CSX moves forward with the rebuilding of the Virginia Avenue Tunnel, in Southeast, the city would need to come up with a current assessment of railroad vulnerabilities given that reconstruction of the tunnel also would mean an expansion of freight transportation through the area, Geldart said.
Responding to questions about why the agencies can’t provide the public with details about what materials are being transported through the city, Geldart said the agencies are prohibited from sharing that sensitive information with the public.
Council member Mary M. Cheh (D-Ward 3) asked whether anyone oversees the city’s rail system. Officials with HMESA, the D.C. Department of Fire and EMS and the District Department of Transportation all said they have no inspectors overseeing  how CSX handles the transportation of goods, whether there are any security breaches from employees, or whether there are any problems with the rail infrastructure.
“All of that is just out there and no one is minding that?” Cheh asked.  “Nobody ever looks at that?
Council Chairman Phil Mendelson (D), who hosted the hearing and led the questioning on rail security, asked if the city’s emergency agencies know how often CSX conducts security drills.
Derron T. Hawkins, deputy fire chief of homeland security with D.C. Fire and EMS, said he wasn’t aware of any exercises in the past few years, but he said fire and emergency personnel have been working with CSX on training fire emergency personnel to handle such an incident.  In the past, the city has sent 14 fire and EMS personnel to a Colorado facility for specialized training provided by CSX, Hawkins said. But the last time the District sent anyone was in 2009 or 2010, Hawkins said.
Craig Baker, deputy fire chief for the special operations division at the DC Fire and EMS Department, said all fire and EMS personnel have received some level of hazmat response training.
“We are constantly preparing to respond,” he said.
But Cheh asked why there hasn’t been a special drill, such as the exercise DDOT and first responders recently conducted  simulating a streetcar derailment on H Street , something that she said would give them a sense of how the agencies would respond to an actual emergency.
“I would hope that out of this (hearing) we will have the various agencies come forward with a more detailed and sensible plan,” Cheh said. “There seem to be a lot of gaps that make me concerned.”
Geldart said although he doesn’t recall doing a rail exercise, HSEMA has done hazmat exercises, and the agency works with other law enforcement agencies and first responders to prepare for emergencies. He said hazardous materials are transported by various means and more are transported on highways, via trucks, than on the railways.
CSX says it rarely transports crude oil through the District and does not carry hazardous substances such as compressed flammable gases and toxic and radioactive materials through the city.
During the hearing, DDOT’s role in overseeing the city’s rail system came into question, with DDOT director Matthew Brown saying the agency lacks authority over the railroads, including setting speed limits for rail, which are generally enforced by the Federal Railroad Administration. Council members also asked why the agency doesn’t have a rail safety office.  Brown said the legislation establishing DDOT is silent on the issue of rail, meaning it doesn’t specifically addresses the role of the agency on overseeing the rail system.
The Council could clarify the agency’s authority over rail by amending the Act that established DDOT. In doing so, Brown said, it could establish–and fund– a rail safety office. He said his office doesn’t have rail inspectors as some states do. Virginia, for example, has a division of utility and railroad safety that conducts inspections of railroad facilities, including track and equipment, to ensure safe operation within the Commonwealth.
The hearing was a continuation of one begun Aug. 26 by the  D.C. Council looking at the CSX rail tunnel project. Some neighbors of the tunnel, near the Washington Navy Yard, have raised concerns about rail safety and the transportation of hazardous materials through the city.
But some transportation officials say the 110-year-old tunnel has become a bottleneck in the East Coast rail network. CSX officials say rebuilding the tunnel is necessary to remedy growing structural problems and that expanding the tunnel’s capacity is important if it is to handle expected increases in freight transportation on the East Coast.
The project also has spurred debate about rerouting freight rail from the city and the impact of the expansion of freight transportation on passenger rail.
The tunnel proposal is under review by the Federal Highway Administration, and the agency is expected to issue a decision this month that could give CSX a green light to proceed. The rail company would then need to acquire permits from the DDOT to begin construction. DDOT and CSX reached an agreement back in 2010 where the agency committed to issuing CSX the needed permits once the federal review is completed.
Some council members are contemplating whether there is a way they can intervene and further delay the project .  Cheh, who chairs the council’s transportation committee, has suggested the possibility of asking the federal government to postpone its final decision until the city conducts a comprehensive rail study that would provide an assessment of all rail service: passenger, commuter and freight.  The Council has allocated funding for that study.  No decision was made during Monday’s hearing on how the Council would proceed regarding the project or other rail safety concerns that were raised.
Luz Lazo writes about transportation and development. She has recently written about the challenges of bus commuting, Metro’s dark stations, and the impact of sequestration on air travel.

AbbVie accused of paying to delay generic drugsFTC sues AbbVie for allegedly blocking consumer access to generic version of AndroGel
FTC sues AbbVie claiming it blocked consumer access to generic drug alternative
The Federal Trade Commission has filed suit against North Chicago-based AbbVie and a partner, alleging the companies illegally blocked consumer access to generic versions of the testosterone replacement drug AndroGel in order to reap hundreds of millions of dollars in additional profits.
The suit, filed Monday under partial seal in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, alleges that AbbVie and Besins Healthcare Inc. filed baseless patent infringement lawsuits against potential competitors to delay the introduction of lower-priced versions of the male hormone drug AndroGel.
A startup backed by Google, the Silicon Valley powerhouse whose innovations range from its eponymous search engine to self-driving cars, is teaming up with a North Chicago drug company to develop treatments for diseases tied to aging. ( Peter Frost )
While the suits were pending, the complaint alleges, AbbVie entered into a so-called “pay-for-delay” settlement agreement with generic drugmaker Teva Pharmaceuticals to extend its “monopoly profits for the branded version.” Because of the deal, the FTC alleges, AbbVie reaped undue profits amounting to “hundreds of millions of dollars.”
The FTC is seeking  a court judgment that would require AbbVie and Besins to “disgorge their ill-gotten gains” and bar the companies from engaging in similar activities in the future.
8
Under pay-for-delay settlements, manufacturers of branded drugs pay generic challengers to refrain from launching lower-cost copies until an agreed-upon date. Such deals, common in the pharmaceutical industry, have drawn increasing scrutiny since a 2013 U.S. Supreme Court ruling that said the FTC has a right to challenge such deals.
The AbbVie case filed Monday is the first new suit the FTC has brought since the ruling. The FTC commission voted 3-2 to file the complaint, representing the first time where commissioners were not unanimous in bringing suit on a pay-for-delay case.
After the Supreme Court ruling, the FTC is in a “much stronger position to put a stop to these types of arrangements and other anti-competitive conduct that seeks to delay generic entry,” said FTC Chairwoman Edith Ramirez, in a call with reporters. The commission is “continuing to stay active in this area.”
In the case filed Monday, the FTC alleges that Teva filed and subsequently abandoned a countersuit against AbbVie in exchange for the rights to sell an authorized generic version of an unrelated drug, the cholesterol treatment Tricor. The commission alleges the pact was “highly profitable” for Teva, but made no business sense for AbbVie “other than for compensation to delay AndroGel,” said Ramirez.
By filing the patent infringement lawsuits and subsequently entering into the pay-for-delay agreement, AbbVie’s “anticompetitive conduct blocked competition,” the FTC alleges.
Abbott Laboratories, AbbVie’s former parent, also is named as a defendant in the case.
AbbVie spokesman Dirk Van Eeden said the company cannot comment on the lawsuit, but said: “Our patent infringement lawsuits were appropriate and our settlement agreements were lawful, as well as in the best interest of all parties.”
An Abbott spokesman said it passed on AndroGel’s commercial rights in the U.S. “and associated responsibilities” to AbbVie when it spun off the business in early 2013.
Abbott Laboratories bought AndroGel, which logged just more than $1 billion in 2013 sales, and a host of other treatments from Solvay in 2010 for $6.2 billion. The male hormone drug was part of a cache of brand-name drugs that became part of AbbVie when Abbott spun off the $18 billion unit in Jan. 2013.
While Abbott retained the rights to market the drug in overseas markets, AbbVie owns the drug's patents and the rights to market it in the U.S.
Pay-to-delay negotiations over AndroGel were at the center of last year’s Supreme Court suit. The case brought Monday is separate.
In the Supreme Court case, the U.S. Justice Department claimed Solvay cut a deal with generic drugmaker Watson Pharmaceuticals, now Actavis, that allowed Watson to launch a cheaper generic version of AndroGel in 2015, five years before it was due to lose exclusivity on one of its patents. In exchange, Solvay agreed to pay Watson up to $30 million annually, the government said.
Government attorneys alleged the deal violated antitrust laws and kept cheaper generic competition out of the market.
That case has been remanded to a U.S. District Court, where litigation continues, Ramirez said. Another pay-for-delay case involving the drugmaker Cephalon, which is accused of improperly delaying generic versions of its narcolepsy drug, also is pending in district court.

Big Data And Marketing Personas - A Perfect Matchreddit
Just today I was reviewing the data I had at my fingertips and realized I didn't have what I needed as a marketer. Hmm, I thought. The solution isn't "let's get more data." The solution really is, "let's get the right data." As I started to dig through the piles of notes I had gathered over the past year which included marketing studies, brand reports, research and just plain strategic planning documents, I thought, "there must be a better way." I started thinking about surveying customers, social media and other tools to obtain accurate feedback. Is big data the answer I thought? It can provide information I certainly need, but is it really what marketers need, and how does it help us get that information?
Big data can give us a glimpse of how to get answers in an instant. But what it can't do is fully interpret and relate to experiences and data it has not analyzed yet.
- HuffingtonPost
Yes, big data is extremely useful. However, big data as big as it is, cannot see and know everything. It's not omniscient. It's only as good as you program it to be. You must think through the potential outcomes that are important to you, ask questions and potentially role-play to get the data-solutions you want.
Personas
Guiding a brand is not easy. However, it becomes very difficult if you don't know who your personas are. Without a clearly defined description of your personas, your content marketing, advertising and brand could potentially be way off the mark. Don't think about product and service features any more. Think about solving customer problems, answering their questions and educating them. This will also help establish credibility and trust. This process will also help to identify qualified leads for your business development team.
In order to understand why big data and personas are a perfect match, let's first define what a persona is. I happen to like HubSpot's definition.
A buyer persona is a semi-fictional representation of your ideal customer based on market research and real data about your existing customers.
I know, you think you can define your personas perfectly. Honestly, your definition of your persona is probably based on your perception of them and who you want them to be instead of actual facts. I have experienced first hand company leaders in several industries that don't really know how to define their personas and the motivations of them. As marketers, we don't want to make a hasty generalization when defining our personas. That causes errors in strategy and content creation. My perception may have some merit, but it shouldn't be the only way to define personas. Try online research, focus groups, social monitoring and even face-to-face information gathering. You want facts to be as accurate as possible.
Big Data - A Must, Not A Wish
Real time, big data will be able to provide marketers with the information needed, exactly when it's needed. Thinking about the specific type of information you want and then asking the right questions in marketing is the key to revealing the answers and data we need.
Big data certainly offers a cavalcade of data that marketers can use and never dreamed they would be able to access. But that doesn't mean they haven't asked the questions all along. Any good marketer has said at one time or another, "Wouldn't it be great if we could know x or y?
- Maryanne Conlin | LinkedIn
Once big data becomes more of a must instead of a wish, and the cost of technology to deliver that data becomes mass-market ready, we will soon be able to better define personas with big data. We will also be able to better define customer motivations for buying, behavioral patterns, where the buyer is in the sales funnel and those hard to get sub-sections of our target market.
So, are big data and the all-important marketing persona really a perfect match? If you're in the marketing trench like I am every day looking for better ways to create targeted content that's delivered to targeted customers - Yep... It's a perfect match.
Follow Scott MacFarland on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@scmacfarland
More:

8 Types Of Content You ll Need For A Successful Marketing Strategyreddit
Content marketing is one of the most cost-efficient strategies you can use to get your startup off the ground, but only if you know what types of content work.
Content marketing gets a lot of buzz these days, and for good reason. It only costs time to create, it sticks around forever, it helps your search engine rankings, it improves your visibility, it reinforces your brand, and it encourages people to buy from you -- all in one package.
That being said, certain types of content work and certain types do not. Be sure you're using these eight types of content in your strategy:
1. Opinion pieces. Even if it's controversial, state your opinion boldly. You'll get attention and encourage discussion no matter what.
2. Company accomplishments and directives. Press releases are perfect for capturing these, but you can also run with them in blog posts.
3. Instructions and guides. "How-to" articles are incredibly popular, especially if you include step-by-step instructions with pictures and videos.
4. Statistics and trends. Infographics are the best content medium for these, but you can also analyze them in a blog. Be sure to reference all facts appropriately.
5. Product spotlights. If you have a new product featured, or are using something new in your business -- write about it! Be as objective and informative as possible, and don't make it a sales piece.
6. Business interviews. Interview someone within your company or someone big in the industry.
7. Specific advice. If your customers or your audience have common problems, write an advice-style column to address it.
8. Questions and answers. Short Q&A features are very popular, and are great for optimizing your website for long-tail keywords in the form of questions.
And as a bonus, here are a few types of content you should not use as part of your content marketing strategy:
Pushy or blatant sales content. Your blog shouldn't be home to digital sales flyers. Your goal is to be an authority, not a billboard.
Copied or plagiarized content. Never copy and paste unless you're quoting someone, and if you're expanding on someone else's content, be sure to put your own spin on it.
Keyword-stuffed content. SEO is alive and well, but if you pack keywords into your blogs for the sole purpose of gaining ranks, you'll be fishing for a Google penalty and alienating your readers.
It will take some time to find your voice and perfect your strategy, but once you do, you'll be reaping the benefits of your hard work in no time.
Jose Vasquez is a serial entrepreneur and tech enthusiast dedicated to helping startup technology companies get the direction and momentum they need to succeed. As the founder of Build. Brand. Blast. , Jose has established a collective resource for tech entrepreneurs to consult when brainstorming, creating, launching, or expanding a new business. Jose is also the founder and CEO of Quez Media Marketing, a marketing firm that combines technology and creativity to help new and growing companies get the results they need.
Jose graduated from Goldman Sachs' 10,000 Small Businesses program. Goldman Sachs is a partner of the What Is Working: Small Businesses section.
Follow Jose:

General Mills Buying Mac and Cheese Maker Annie sYoung stars Jaden and Willow Smith, the son and daughter of actor Will Smith, recently sat down with the New York...
Roger Kisby/Getty Images

Ukraine leader visits east  vows not to cede any territory as truce holdsUkrainian President Petro Poroshenko shakes hands with workers during his visit to a steel plant in Mariupol Monday.
New York Times | Moscow | Posted: September 9, 2014 12:25 am
By: DAVID M HERSZENHORN
With a fragile truce barely holding in eastern Ukraine, President Petro O Poroshenko visited the port city of Mariupol on Monday, not far from where Ukrainian forces suffered severe losses in recent days, and declared that his government would never relinquish territory that some separatists claim historically belongs to Russia.
“Just arrived in Mariupol,” Poroshenko declared in a Twitter post. “This is our Ukrainian land. We will never give it up to anyone.”
Poroshenko’s visit came as sporadic violations of the ceasefire were reported in several parts of the region. Although the fighting between pro-Russian separatists and government troops has quieted down substantially since the ceasefire was announced on Friday, it has not stopped. Still, officials on all sides seemed eager to sustain the truce – by force of will if nothing else.
The 12-point agreement reached in Minsk, Belarus, by representatives of the Ukrainian government, the separatists, Russia and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe includes a proposal for increased political autonomy in eastern Ukraine, but a long-term political settlement is expected to be extremely difficult to reach.
In a speech in Mariupol, Poroshenko said the sides were complying with a provision in the truce agreement that calls for the exchange of all captives, Ukrainian and international news agencies reported. He said the separatists had released 1,200 captives to the Ukrainian side so far.
Tensions between Russia and the West over the Ukrainian crisis continued to run high on Monday. The European Union was reported to be close to imposing a new round of economic sanctions intended to penalize Moscow and its allies for their role in the seizure of Crimea and in the rebel uprising in the east.
Prime Minister Dmitri A Medvedev of Russia warned that his government would retaliate against any new sanctions, perhaps by banning Western airlines from flying through Russian airspace, as many do on long-haul flights to Asia.
“If Western carriers have to bypass our airspace, this could drive many struggling airlines into bankruptcy,” Medvedev said in a lengthy interview published on Monday in the Russian newspaper Vedomosti. “This is not the way to go. We just hope our partners realize this at some point.”
In Kiev, a spokesman said the ceasefire was largely holding, even though there were repeated violations scattered across the southeast that he called “provocations”.

Modi s 100 days: New green mantra of fast-track nod but strict pollution checkBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

CII to open first Middle East office in BahrainCII to open first Middle East office in Bahrain
PTI     Dubai   Last Updated: September 9, 2014  | 13:25 IST
Kamal bin Ahmed, Minister of Transportation and Acting Chief Executive of the Bahrain EDB, said, "We are delighted to be hosting the CII in Bahrain..." (Photo: Reuters)
The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) will open its first Middle East office in Bahrain to boost trade and investments in the region.
The move represents a further strengthening of relationship with India as there are over 350,000 Indian residents in the country and total trade between the two countries in 2011 exceeded US $1.7 billion, the Economic Development Board (EDB) of Bahrain has said.
The EDB also announced that it has signed an agreement with the Overseas Indian Facilitation Centre (OIFC) to work together in promoting cooperation between Bahrain and India in a variety of key areas, including financial services and research.
This brings the total agreements signed between Bahrain and India to 27 since early 2014, this includes agreements and MoUs to establish regional operations for Indian firms who works in various industries such as health and pharmaceuticals, manufacturing, technology and banking.
The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) is one of the most important trade and investment partners for the country and the CII's Bahrain office will aim to build on this relationship by encouraging Indian investment into the region, it added.
The CII is a leading association of domestic businesses, founded in 1895 and with more than 7,200 members and an indirect membership of over 100,000 enterprises from around 242 national and regional sectoral industry bodies.
The Ministry of trade and industry revealed that trade value between India and GCC states increased from US $147.5 million in 2012 to reach US $160 million in 2013, a statement released in Dubai said.
Kamal bin Ahmed, Minister of Transportation and Acting Chief Executive of the Bahrain EDB, said, "We are delighted to be hosting the CII in Bahrain - Indian firms have a great deal to offer the Kingdom, and the GCC market, which is currently valued at US $1.6 trillion, presents an excellent opportunity for Indian businesses. This new office will build on what are already strong ties between our countries and the CII are the ideal partner to be working with."
According to him, this announcement, along with the agreement signed with OIFC, shows the commitment toward Bahraini-Indian relationship.
Leading Indian companies with offices or facilities in Bahrain include: Tata Consultancy Services, Tech Mahindra, First Flight Couriers, KIMS, JBF Industries, Chemco, Canara Bank, ICICI Bank, Bank of Baroda, and State Bank of India.
The EDB India office - with a presence in both New Delhi and Mumbai- provides assistance to potential investors who are looking to invest in the Kingdom.
Prem Narain, Secretary of Ministry of Overseas Indian Affairs and Chairman of OIFC said, "We hope that Indians overseas and Bahrain nationals will both be able to take advantage of this opportunity. Presently, there is a renewed interest in India as market, and India is also ready for investment.
"With the objective of strengthening India as the destination for business, OIFC has mounted a strong business delegation on the occasion of the Overseas Diaspora Engagement Meet and has signed an MoU with the EDB today with the hope that this will further bi-lateral interests and promote business interests in both nations."
Chandrajit Banerjee, Director General of CII, said, "The Gulf is a very important partner for Indian businesses and we are delighted to be opening our first office in the region as we look to work for Indian Corporates as they look to expand internationally. Similarly, it would also facilitate promote investment from this region to India."
The opening of the first office in the region is yet another step in developing a longstanding partnership with Bahrain and the region, he said adding, "we are very excited about the possibilities this will bring in the future."

Analyst remains bullish on TCS; FY15 outlook looks strongThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rupee extends losses as corporate dollar sales dry upRupee extends losses as corporate dollar sales dry up
Reuters |  Sep 09, 2014 01:50 PM IST
The rupee extended losses to trade at 60.52/53 versus Monday's close of 60.29/30. Traders say dollar selling by corporates, seen earlier in the day, has dried up.
 
State-run banks are continuing to buy the greenback, likely on behalf of their importer clients.
 
Dollar scaled to a 14-month high against a basket of currencies after a Federal Reserve study made investors reassess prospects for higher US interest rates.
 
Index of the dollar against six majors is up 0.2%.
 
Traders expect resistance for the pair at around 60.55 levels.
 
Most Asian currencies are trading weaker compared with the dollar.
 

Fortis Healthcare Group CFO ResignsYou are here: Home Corporates
Fortis Healthcare Group CFO Resigns
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 09, 2014 14:44 (IST)
Kotak Mahindra Bank, ING Vysya Hit 52-Week Highs on Merger Buzz
New Delhi: Hospital chain Fortis Healthcare on Tuesday said its group chief financial officer (CFO), Sandeep Puri, has resigned from the company.
"Sandeep Puri, Group Chief Financial Officer, Fortis Healthcare Ltd has resigned from the services of the Company," the company said in a filing to the BSE.
"The company has accepted his resignation and Puri would support the smooth transition towards the new incumbent within the stipulated contractual notice period term," it added.
As of 2:22 p.m., shares in Fortis Healthcare were trading at Rs 118.40 apiece on the BSE, down 0.21 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: September 09, 2014 14:39 (IST)

AAP in touch with Congress  JD(U) to stop BJP from forming govt in DelhiAAP
(Kejriwal said AAP will…)
GAZIABAD: In a bid to checkmate BJP, Aam Aadmi Party today said it is in contact with Congress, JD(U) and some "honest" BJP legislators to prevent the saffron party from forming government in Delhi through "ill means".
At a press conference here, AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal claimed that the BJP was in touch with 15 AAP MLAs and he will come out with "more sting tapes if the need arises".
Kejriwal had yesterday released a video of a "sting operation" in which BJP's Delhi unit Vice President Sher Singh Dagar allegedly offered bribe to AAP MLA from Sangam Vihar Dinesh Mohania to switch sides.
"I want to make it very clear that AAP is in touch with all the parties...with (independent MLA from Mundka) Rambeer Shokeen, (JDU MLA) Shoaib Iqbal, (expelled AAP MLA Vinod Kumar) Binny, the Congress and even some honest MLAs from the BJP.
"By saying this we make it clear that we are not aiming to form the government, but we want to stop the BJP from forming the government through dishonest means. We are in favour of elections," Kejriwal said.
The former Delhi Chief Minister also accused Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung of batting for the BJP and demanded that letter written by Lieutenant Governor to the President seeking his permission to invite the BJP for government formation should be withdrawn immediately.
"It is LG's constitutional responsibility to see that there is no assault on the constitution. We are also meeting the LG tomorrow and will hand him over the CD and apprise him of BJP's plan of horse trading for forming the government.
"The letter written by the LG to the president should be immediately withdrawn and revised," he said.
He also announced to launch a campaign to "expose" the saffron party before the people.
"We will go to the people of Delhi with the video clip and tell how the BJP is trying to buy our MLAs and expose the way they were trying to form a government in Delhi by putting all ethics and morality on the backburner," said Kejriwal.
He said that the party is going to write to the President that the BJP should not be given a chance to form the government in Delhi.
He wondered why BJP was "afraid" of polls. "It is their government, their governor, they have 7 MPs then why they don't want to go for elections in the national capital," Kejriwal said.
Kejriwal said AAP will meet the Delhi Police Commissioner tomorrow so that an FIR could be registered in the sting operation case.
"We are also meeting the Election Commission to present this case before them," the AAP chief said.
He also raised questions over the language used in the letter sent by the LG to the President.
Kejriwal said that in his letter to the President, the "LG has said 'I shall be grateful if the honourable President of India grants approval to invite the BJP that is even today the single largest party in the legislature to seek their interest in forming the government'.
"Why is he grateful if BJP is invited?"
FEATURED ARTICLES

A majority of Americans say Obamas presidency is a failureBy Aaron Blake September 9 Follow @aaronblakewp
President Obama arrives to speak in Edgartown, Mass., on Aug. 20, about the killing of American journalist James Foley by militants with the Islamic State extremist group. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)
A majority of Americans and even many Democrats consider President Obama's tenure to be a "failure," according to a new poll from the Washington Post and ABC News .
The poll shows Americans say 52-42 that Obama has been more of a failure than a success. Among registered voters, the gap is even bigger -- at 55-39 -- with four in 10 (41 percent) saying they "strongly" believe Obama has been a failure.
Those saying Obama has been a failure include one in four Democrats (25 percent), nearly three in 10 liberals (29 percent) and the vast, vast majority of conservative Republicans (92 percent). Nearly one in five liberals (18 percent) say they feel "strongly" that Obama has been a failure.
Interestingly, there is also some crossover on the other side. About one in five conservatives (22 percent) say Obama has been a success (note: this is a different group from "conservative Republicans"), as do 48 percent of moderates. In fact, self-described moderates are more likely to rate Obama a success (48 percent) than as a failure (44 percent).
Now, we shouldn't read too much into these numbers. The question is a binary one, in which people are asked to choose between "success" or "failure," with no third option offered (though people were allowed to volunteer one). If the question was "failure or not" rather than "failure or success," you'd likely see fewer people choosing the f-word.
The numbers also track very closely with Obama's overall approval ratings, which stood at 51-42 disapproval among all Americans and 54-42 disapproval among registered voters. But it's not a perfect correlation, as 12 percent of Americans who approve of Obama say he is a failure, and 8 percent who disapprove of him still say he's been a success.
Regardless, the numbers demonstrate that opposition to Obama's presidency isn't shallow. The fact that people are willing to use the f-word as much as they are -- regardless of the alternative -- suggests it's not just about the man and what he's done; it's also about the results he's gotten.
And on the whole, Americans give it a failing grade.
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.

Leapfrog raises Rs 2 400 crore  to invest Rs 600 crore in Indian companiesBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Why Id never buy an Apple iWatchBy Dominic Basulto September 9 Follow @dominicbasulto
Does anybody really think this time is going to be different? (Reuters)
From all the rumors and leaks , it now appears that Apple is going to unveil the mythical iWatch at its much-hyped product launch event on Sept. 9. While nothing has been definitely confirmed (and a lot of the iWatch rumors from Chinese tech blogs seem positively sketchy) — it’s possible that the new iWatch is going to have a flexible, multi-touch screen and boast some kind of killer app such as mobile payment or digital health functionality. And, best of all, it’s going to be waterproof and beautifully designed and have unbelievable battery life and be integrated with all of Apple’s wonderful products.
But I still wouldn’t buy it.
First of all, the whole notion that Apple will be able to create (and then dominate) a new multi-billion-dollar product category — the smartwatch — is misguided. The hype building in the tech world ahead of Apple’s big reveal is that the smartwatch will be the next big product from Apple, following in the footsteps of the iPad. It will do to smartwatches what the iPod did to previous MP3 players – completely blow them out of the water. The only problem is — blowing existing smartwatches out of the water is not exactly a big deal. People on Kickstarter build and sell smartwatches these days.
So, as if admitting that just creating a better smartwatch is not such a big deal, the Apple rumor mill now appears to be positioning the smartwatch as the type of high-end fashion accessory you might buy instead of a ridiculously priced designer watch . It won’t just blow away previous smartwatches –  it will blow away the Swiss watch industry ! If the rumors about the fashion editors and bloggers being invited to the event turn out to be true , then Apple could be trying to position the iWatch as a fashion bracelet as much as a technology product. There’s even a rumor that the Apple product launch is going to feature a catwalk and supermodels .
Apple is scheduled to make an announcement which will include the release of a new version of the iPhone, but the tech company is also expected to release a new wearable gadget at Tuesday’s event. (Reuters)
But look at how well that “tech accessory as high-end fashion item” turned out for Google Glass. Yes, Anna Wintour ran a spread in Vogue on Google Glass , but that didn’t exactly solve Google’s Glass-hole problem. It doesn’t matter if Apple is bringing in the Tag Heuer guys  to launch this product. As any sensible venture capitalist will tell you, it gets dicey when investing in matters of consumer taste. And fashion is just about as dicey as it gets to predicting consumer taste.
Secondly, the whole notion that Apple consistently hits home runs out of the park with its product launches is getting a bit old. Hosting the event at the Flint Center – where Steve Jobs and Apple launched the Mac back in 1984 – seems to be a not-so-subtle hint that Apple’s got its mojo back. However, of late, it’s been a lot of doubles and triples, but no home runs. Just remember back to a lot of the old Apple product launches that never delivered on their initial hype. The Newton comes to mind. Or what about the Pippin or the Lisa or the G4 ?
There is one thing that might be pretty cool — and that’s if the iWatch gets embedded with all kinds of digital health and mobile payment technology, making it more of an iBand than an iWatch. If you have the extra cash, hey, why not spend a few hundred bucks for a product that can basically replicate what a plastic credit card does today and also show you the correct time? Even if the mobile payment technology works right out of the box (which, after the whole iCloud problem seems less than likely), why wouldn’t you just use your new iPhone 6 (which would also most likely come with the same technology) to do the same thing?
Apple is not a first-mover, not a second-mover, and not even a third-mover when it comes to the smartwatch. Pulling out all the stops and making the iWatch some kind of high-end “cyber luxury” wearable tech item sounds interesting . People do buy Vertu phones, after all. And, let’s admit it, watching supermodels wearing iWatches on catwalks sounds like more fun than watching Tim or Craig or Jony on stage.
However, if the rumors turn out to be true and fashion editors and other fashionistas flock to the event , then you know that Apple is selling the sizzle and not the steak when it comes to smartwatches. If the iWatch were truly a game-changing, category-cannibalizing product, it would have received first billing, instead of being packaged together as a warm-up act for what people are really going to be swooning over – the iPhone 6.
As Apple prepares to launch its latest iPhone, fans and analysts see the event as an opportunity for CEO Tim Cook to help define a new era of smartphones. (AP)
Dominic Basulto is a futurist and blogger based in New York City.

ICC is biased towards Pakistani players: AbdulQadirPress Trust of India | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:46 pm
Pakistan spin great Abdul Qadir has lashed out at the International Cricket Council (ICC) after it imposed a ban on off-spinner Saeed Ajmal from playing in international cricket.
“The ICC is biased towards Pakistani players. All its rules and penalties are only for our players,” Qadir told PTI.
But the former chief selector didn’t see the absence of Ajmal making a big difference to the Pakistan team.
“Honestly even when he was playing in recent times the team and our bowling has struggled so I don’t see this as a big big setback,” said the legendary leg-spinner.
Qadir said it was unfortunate the way the ICC had always treated Pakistani players.
“Whenever something like this happens our players are targeted. When we mastered the art of reverse swing they said it is cheating now everybody is doing it,” he said.
Qadir said the icing on the cake was that Haroon Lorgat was the chief executive of the ICC when it banned three players for spot fixing.
“And what did we do we invited him to work as a consultant and paid him thousands of dollars for the Pakistan Super League,” he said.
Qadir said the PCB didn’t have the courage to take on the ICC eye to eye which is why Pakistani players were suffering.
“Look at the Indian board or even Sri Lanka see how they tackle the ICC. They are always there to defend their players,” he noted.
Qadir said he had serious reservations over the new protocol being tried to test out bowling actions since June and would want to see the ICC call a meeting of all cricket boards to discuss this issue.
“It needs to be reviewed because the number of bowlers reported since June is amazing because these are bowlers who have been around for a while now at the top level. How did their actions escape scrutiny before,” he questioned.
He said obviously the ban was a big setback for Saeed Ajmal.
“I just hope he works hard and gets back to international cricket because he is at that stage of his career where he few years of top cricket left,” Qadir stated.P

Open with Rohit Sharma  persist with present coaching unit: VVSLaxmanPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:43 pm
Former batsman VVS Laxman believes that tinkering with Team India’s support staff is not a viable option and newly-appointed Team Director Ravi Shastri and coach Duncan Fletcher should stay till the 2015 World Cup.
The Indian team management did a complete overhaul of the support staff after the team’s 1-3 loss against England in the Test matches. With Shastri incharge, former India pacer Bharat Arun, ex-India all-rounder Sanjay Bangar and R Sridhar also took charge after the ouster of bowling coach Joe Dawes and fielding consultant Trevor Penney. Laxman said that the present coaching unit should be persisted with.
“I am hoping the BCCI will stick to the support staff we had for the one-dayers till the World Cup. The tournament is only six months away so there isn’t enough time to chop and change,” said Laxman, who was the middle-order bulwark of India’s Test side for many years.
“I have worked with Ravi Shastri in 2007 when we toured Bangladesh and he is a very positive person, immense knowledge of the game, he was himself a great leader for Mumbai and he captained India in one Test that India won convincingly. Duncan Fletcher as a head coach should stay till the World Cup.
“I am glad Bharat Arun and R Sridhar got their opportunity to coach at the highest level because they have a good track record at the India A and Under-19 level, and Sanjay Bangar because of his recent success with Kings XI Punjab,” Laxman told ESPNcricinfo.
The Hyderabadi batsman also opined that Rohit Sharma should open the innings for India during their title defence at the 50-over World Cup next year as the conditions in Australia will suit him.
After scoring a fifty in the second ODI against England, Rohit was ruled out following a finger injury and Ajinkya Rahane was promoted as an opener, who grabbed the opportunity by scoring a century in the fourth ODI.
However, Laxman said Rohit is the right man for the opener’s job and he should be restored.
“The wickets in Australia will suit him (Rohit). He had a successful ODI series in 2007 when he was young and inexperienced. His style of batting will suit Australian conditions, so I will definitely go back to Rohit and have Rahane as a back-up but play him in the middle order,” said the stylish batsman.
The 39-year-old from Hyderabad, who followed India’s performance in England, said India needed to focus on two crucial areas to improve their limited-overs performance – death bowling and the opening combination.
“In the T20 they gave away 50 runs in the last three overs, which is a lot, so I think these two issues are a problem. Also the way India start with their batting will be important because of two new balls and conditions suiting the fast bowlers,” he said.
“Luckily for India they are playing a tri-series before the World Cup and that too against the Australians in their own backyard. It will be a good experience for the players to get used to the conditions,” he added.
The stylish batsman also heaped praise on Suresh Raina, who continued…

Redskins Coach Jay Gruden looking for ways to get WR Andre Roberts more involved in passing gameBy Liz Clarke September 9 Follow @lizclarketweet
Andre Roberts returns a punt during the Redskins’ opener in Houston. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
Between the two punts and two kickoffs he returned against Houston , Andre Roberts technically piled up more yards on the ground than any Redskins running back, rolling up 92 yards to Alfred Morris’s 91.
Had Roberts not been brought down on one of those promising returns by an inadvertent hit from teammate Darrel Young, who had been trying to make a big-time block, Coach Jay Gruden could only wonder what might have resulted.
“I think if Darrel would have [seen] him and gotten out the way, he would still be running,” Gruden said of Roberts, a fifth-year wide receiver signed as a free agent in the offseason to bolster Washington’s passing game.
Tabbed as the team’s return specialist following the preseason, Roberts turned in one of the Redskins’ more promising performances in the 17-6 season-opening defeat, in which gaffes and missteps undercut measured success on offense, defense and special teams alike.
He also had one reception for 22 yards.
Gruden said Monday he’d like to get Roberts more involved in the passing game in the future, calling him “a dang good football player.”
Said Gruden: “He did a good job in the return game and had a big catch, and we’ve got to do a good job of getting him more involved on offense also – trying to get him more balls, and trying to get DeSean [Jackson] more balls and Pierre [Garçon] more touches and get Alfred [Morris] the ball more.”
As for the sideline collision, Young took full blame.
“I was just trying to make a play, just doing too much,” said Young, a fifth-year fullback who played linebacker at Vanderbilt. “I didn’t realize how close I was to the sideline. I didn’t realize it until I hit him.”
Young said he apologized to Roberts later and that there were no hard feelings.
“If that one play affected the outcome of the game, we’ll never know,” said Young, who scored Washington’s only touchdown, a one-yard run in the second quarter. “I played my part in the loss, too. We all did.”
 
Liz Clarke currently covers the Washington Redskins for The Washington Post, she has also covered five Olympic Games, two World Cups and written extensively about college sports, tennis and auto racing.

Six militants  soldier killed in PakclashesPrint
Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:51 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 5:06 pm
At least six militants, one soldier and a civilian were killed on Tuesday in a shootout between army and militants in Pakistan’s troubled North Waziristan.
The clash occurred during a clearance operation in Datta Khel area of the tribal district.
A soldier was killed in an encounter with the terrorists, Army said in a statement.
A civilian staff was also killed in the same encounter when he was providing supplies to the fighting force. Six terrorists were killed in the encounter, it said.
It is the second consecutive day of violence in the area after army gunship helicopters destroyed one explosive dump, five vehicles and killed 10 terrorists.
Military operation Zarb-i-Azb was launched by the Pakistan Army on June 15 following a brazen militant attack on Karachi’s international airport and failure of peace talks between the government and Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) negotiators.
The Taliban and their ethnic Uzbek allies both claimed responsibility for the attack on Karachi airport, which was seen as a strategic turning point in how Pakistan tackles the insurgency.
Nearly a million people have fled the offensive in North Waziristan, which is aimed at wiping out longstanding militant strongholds in the area, which borders Afghanistan.
North Waziristan has been isolated by deploying troops along its border with neighbouring agencies and Federally Administrative Tribal Areas regions to block any move of terrorists in and out of the Agency.

Chinese President to begin India visit from Gujaratinternational relations
Hectic preparations under way for the Chinese President’s visit to India
China has stated its intent to substantially elevate its ties during the upcoming visit of President Xi Jinping to India, disallowing differences in perception on the border issue to cloud a growing relationship of significance.
Liu Jianchao, Assistant Foreign Minister, told visiting Indian journalists that President Xi’s visit next week would mark the beginning of “another era” in Sino-Indian ties, embedded with strong “strategic” resonance.
Chinese analysts are of the view that the United States’ Pivot to Asia — broadly seen as a China containment doctrine — has, in response, triggered greater possibilities for stronger partnerships between Beijing and some of the regional heavyweights, including Russia and India. “Imagine the contribution it would make to human civilisation if China and India began to work together for the development and progress of 2.5 billion people,” observed Mr. Liu. In response to a question, he said Beijing was open to exploring the possibility with Moscow of linking India with the $400 billion mega energy tie up that China had recently signed with Russia.
Hectic preparations are under way for the Chinese President’s visit, which will take him first to Ahmedabad, prior to his departure to New Delhi, on the same day. Ajit Doval, National Security Adviser to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, called on President Xi on Tuesday, after concluding a meeting on Monday with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi. Xinhua quoted Mr. Wang as saying that China was ready to cooperate with India in handling the border issue. Mr. Doval stressed that it was time India and China sent a clear signal to the world that the phase of Sino-Indian animosity was behind them.
The Chinese have taken Mr. Modi’s high-profile visit to Japan in their stride, assured that it would not cast a shadow on Mr. Xi’s much anticipated “historic visit” to India. International cooperation, Mr. Liu observed, was not a “zero sum game,” adding that China was confident of competing with Tokyo for economic projects in India. India and China were also exploring joint forays in railways and setting up industrial parks in Maharashtra and Gujarat, with the Chinese investment exceeding $5 billion. Mr. Liu said China was looking at possible participation in upgrading India’s existing railway network, building railway stations and establishing a railway academy for training personnel.

Rubber prices likely to fall furtherRahul Oberoi      Follow @iamrahuloberoi    Last Updated: September 10, 2014  | 11:40 IST
In the top natural rubber producing country Thailand, rubber prices are hovering near its lowest level in five years. (Photo: Reuters)
Rubber price is coming under pressure both in the domestic and international markets. On the National Commodity and Derivatives Exchanges ( NCDEX ) rubber declined 17.5% to Rs 12,380 per quintal on September 9 against Rs 15,010 per quintal on May 26.
According to market experts, poor demand from the tyre sector , which consumes over 50% of the natural rubber production in the country and bear trend in the overseas market put pressure on prices despite disruptions in tapping owing to heavy South-West monsoon rains in the major rubber growing areas in Kerala. 
Graph shows rubber price movement on NCDEX
 
In the international market, rubber prices declined 26% during April 1 and September 9 in Bangkok markets, according to Rubber Board of India.
Anu V Pai, research analyst, Geojit Comtrade, says, "Despite rise in natural rubber consumption, off-take by the tyre sector from the local market has stayed subdued for long as the industry relied heavily on imports to meet demand."
Tarun Satsangi, AVP, commodity and currency research, Globe Commodities, says, "Because of bumper production in China and availability of sufficient rubber stock, the country is importing less rubber from India. Lower demand from the tyre industry is adding to the pressure.
According to the Rubber Board, India's April-July natural rubber imports this year were 1,33,789 tonnes compared to 90,580 tonnes imported during the same period last year.  
In the top natural rubber producing country Thailand, rubber prices are hovering near its lowest level in five years. From Rs 15,548 a quintal in January 2 it has slipped to Rs 10,282 on September 9 in the Bangkok market. "Moves by Thailand to offload stockpiles raised worries of oversupply that depressed prices further," says Pai of Geojit.
Thailand's National Council for Peace and Order approved selling of 2,10,000 metric tonnes of rubber from the state stockpiles and were in discussion with the potential buyers to ink the deal.
For the further movement of rubber in India, Pai says, "Looking ahead, the outlook for rubber is likely to stay weak. Amidst burgeoning imports and subdued  demand, with Southwest monsoons subsiding tapping is likely to pick up in the major rubber growing areas in Kerala and likely to be active now after Onam, Kerala's national festival. 
However, with prices languishing near multi-year lows it is to be seen whether  growers will raise the production."
"By the end of December 2014, we can see further fall in rubber prices by Rs 2,500 per quintal," says Satsangi of Globe Commodities.

SC ends hearing  reserves verdict on illegal coal blocksCoal scam: Supreme Court ends hearing, reserves verdict on illegal coal blocks
Tommy Wilkes     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 9, 2014  | 18:35 IST
A view of the Supreme Court building is seen in New Delhi (Photo: Reuters)
The Supreme Court on Tuesday ended its hearing into whether it would cancel the award of the 218 coal blocks it had previously ruled illegal, with Chief Justice Rajendra Mal Lodha saying the court would reserve judgment to an unspecified later date.
The blocks include about 40 that are producing coal, estimated to have a capacity of about 9 per cent of the 566 million tonnes India produced last year.
The apex court in August found that the country's decades-old method of granting coal mining concessions was illegal, putting investments worth billions of dollars at risk and threatening to worsen a national coal shortage .
A decision to cancel the blocks would hit firms including Jindal Steel and Power, Hindalco Industries and Sesa Sterlite, which have spent heavily on steel and power plants based around the coal blocks.
The country is suffering from an acute shortage of coal, which fuels about three-fifths of its power needs, and has had to turn to costly imports to meet rapidly growing demand.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi, the government's top lawyer, told the court on Tuesday that if coal block allocations were cancelled, the government was ready to re-auction the blocks.
Rohatgi also said that if all blocks were cancelled, state giant Coal India should be allowed to take over active mines , or companies be allowed to continue production until the blocks were re-auctioned, in order to avoid supply disruptions.
More than half of the thermal power stations in the country had less than a week's supply of coal on hand as of last Thursday, the lowest since mid-2012 when 620 million people in India were cut off in one of the world's worst blackouts .

ED interrogates Trinamool MP Hassan Imran for secondtimePress Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: September 9, 2014 6:12 pm
The Enforcement Directorate probing the multi-crore Saradha scam money trail today interrogated Rajya Sabha Trinamool Congress MP Ahmed Hassan Imran for the second time. ED sources said the agency was trying to figure out whether there was any underhand dealing with the Saradha Group besides his salary of Rs 70,000 per month which he used to receive from the tainted firm when he was a paid employee as an executive editor of ‘Kalom’, a Bengali newspaper.
The sources said that the ED had got some clues from him which were being verified by it. Hassan owned the newspaper before selling off his shares to the Saradha Group at a consideration of around Rs two lakh, the sources said.
The other shareholders also sold their shares to Saradha, the source said. Concurrently, the special crime branch of CBI today again interrogated Asif Khan, editor of another Bengali daily ‘Aajker Kalom’ who is considered close to the Trinamool Congress leadership, in connection with the Saradha scam.
Khan, after the interrogation, told waiting reporters that he would fully cooperate in the probe. “I was not called today, but I came on my own,” he claimed. Former police officer Rajat Mazumdar, who was a paid employee of the Saradha Group, was also interrogated by the CBI on Tuesday.

Yash Raj Talent Division signs on Mardaanis Tahir RajBhasinThe actor matched wits and performance with the incredible Rani Mukerji in the Pradeep Sarkar film. (Source: Movie Still)
BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai | Posted: September 9, 2014 6:07 pm
After his chilling performance as the anti-hero in YRF’s ‘ Mardaani ‘, Tahir Raj Bhasin has been signed on by Yash Raj Films Talent Division. The young actor who matched wits and performance with the incredible Rani Mukerji in the Pradeep Sarkar film will have all his Films, Brand Endorsements, Events, Appearances, PR & Digital managed by the YRF Talent Team.
Says Tahir Raj Bhasin, “I’m super excited to be managed by a team with sterling brand value and incomparable experience. It is every actors dream to work at YRF and I feel very fortunate to be given this opportunity. I look forward to pushing the boundaries of my craft and taking new chances under their guidance.”
Adds Ashish Patil, Vice President, YRF Talent, Youth Films & Brand Partnerships, “Tahir is one of the most exciting new debuts of the year. What drives me to him personally is that he showcases the same passion and fire for films that excites us as a studio and a talent division. We are proud to welcome him into the YRF family. With YRF Talent in his arsenal, I’m sure this young star is going to demonstrate how he’s not just an Under-19 team ka 12th man, but a serious all-rounder who’s here to stay!”

Srinagar- Leh Highway reopened fortrafficPrint
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: September 9, 2014 5:52 pm
Even as the Jammu-Srinagar national highway remained disrupted due to landslides at some places since last week, the Army troops in a major boost to its ongoing relief operations in flood hit Valley restored the road link to it from Leh side on Tuesday.
Pointing out that reopening of the Jammu-Srinagar national highway will take three to four days more in view of massive landslides at two places near Ramsoo, senior police officials said the Batote-Doda national highway has been resotored upto Kishtwar. “With rescue operations across Jammu region being almost complete, the focus of state police and army troops is now on relief measures,” said DIG Udhampur-Reasi range, Garib Dass.
Pointing out that a total of 42,587 people have been rescued by the Indian Armed Forces during massive rescue and relief operations which were still in progress across the state, the Udhampur based defence ministry spokesman Colonel S.D. Goswami said here this evening that road connectivity to flood hit Kashmir Valley has been restored from Leh region due to concerted efforts of the Army engineers and the Border Roads Organization.
“The Army is now mobilizing the existing stocks in Leh to provide essential supplies to the beleaguered Kashmir valley,” he said, adding that the urgent requirement of food, water and medicines will be moved from the troops holdings in Ladakh. Additional stocks are also being inducted via Manali to provide relief to the people in the Valley, he added.
Of the 215 columns of Army engaged in relief and rescue operations, a total of 130 have been deployed only in the Valley. They have distributed 7,200 blanks, 210 tents, besides 42,000 litres of water, 600 kgs of biscuit, seven tons of baby food and 1,000 food packets in flood affected areas.
“Additional water bottles are being airlifted from Chandiharh and Delhi,” Goswami said, adding that 80 medical teams too have swung into action in an endeavor to provide speedy medical aid to the affected populace. This is apart from 110 army boats and 148 “inflatable” boats of the National Disaster Relief Force (NDRF) which are actively involved in rescue operations.
While BSNL with the help of armed forces is also trying hard to restore mobile services through satellite and the telecom network, the IAF communication along with a team of private telecom company are being airlifted from  Delhi, the spokesman said, adding that 15 engineering task force teams along with boats and other life saving equipment have already reached the flood affected areas to supplement the rescue operation.

Love and jihad are paak lafz  shouldnt be misused:AzamPress Trust of India | Rampur | Posted: September 9, 2014 5:47 pm
Attacking BJP over the issue of ‘love jihad’, senior Uttar Pradesh minister Azam Khan has said that both ‘love’ and ‘jihad’ are “paak lafz” (pure words) and should not be misused to vitiate the atmosphere.
Talking to reporters on Monday, the senior Samajwadi Party leader said, “Both the words, ‘love’ and ‘jihad’, are paak lafz… And should not be misused…”
Khan said those who are misusing the words to create division between communities should be punished as per law.
He said “125 crore Indians cannot be held responsible if several hundred people indulge in exploitation of the two words”.
The UP minister also hit out at BJP MP Yogi Aditya Nath for his controversial remarks on inter-community marriage.

Suzuki launches premium 150cc bike Gixxer priced at Rs72 199Press Trust of India | Posted: September 9, 2014 5:46 pm
Suzuki Motorcycle India on Tuesday launched its premium 150cc bike Gixxer priced at Rs 72,199 (ex-showroom Delhi) to tap the youth segment as it aims to figure among the top three two-wheeler manufacturers in the country in three years.
“This is the first year of our entry into the youth segment. Along with the scooter Let’s, this product (Gixxer) will change Suzuki’s standing in the market and brand positioning,” Suzuki Motorcycle India Executive Vice-President (Sales and Marketing) Atul Gupta told reporters here.
He said the company is looking to sell around 50,000 units in the first six months of launch. Gupta said the 150cc motorcycle segment in India witnesses sales of about 70,000 units a month and SMIPL is eyeing about 10 per cent of the market.
The Gixxer will compete mainly with the FZ from Yamaha, Apache from TVS and Pulsar from Bajaj Auto in the premium 150 cc segment, he added. The Gixxer is the fourth product that SMIPL has launched this year after the bikes V Strom 1000ABS and Inazuma along with scooter Let’s.
Earlier in the year at the Auto Expo, Gupta had stated the company’s ambition to become a top three two-wheeler manufacturer in India and sell a million units within the next three years.
Last year the company sold about 5 lakh units. For 2014, the company is looking at 15 per cent sales growth.

Govt to replace affidavits with self-atteste...Government
(Centre will replace the…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre will replace the requirement of furnishing affidavits with self-attested declarations in a major chunk of government-related work and an official order in this regard will be issued soon, Union Minister Jitendra Singh said today.
"This thought (to promote self-attestation) was in the process. But it was not been implemented in the full way. No notification has been issued on it. It will be done soon," he told a press conference on works done by the Ministry of Personnel , Public Grievances and Pensions during the 100 days of the NDA government .
He said different departments have different sensitivities. However, self-attestation would be pushed to the maximum extent possible, the minister said.
"There may be a problem when you go to some place and an officer may say he will not receive a self-attested document. He will say there is no such order. So, the order will be issued by us. But, till then all stakeholders including the state governments need to work together for it," said Singh.
He said self-certification of documents is going to be a great boon for the unemployed youth. "In certain security- related matters, gazetted certification might have to be retained, after a dispassionate look," he said.
"For the first time in independent India, the practice of documents being attested by gazetted officers will be done away with. We have broadly focused on making governance good and simple in the last three months," Singh said, referring to the work done by the ministry.
He said the promotion of self-certification in place of notarised affidavits will be a significant step in making life easier for the common man and building trust. "As India goes into the 21st century, everyone would recognise the stakes involved in false attestation," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

McDonald s posts worst monthly sales in more than 10 yearsMcDonald's warns of profit forecast cut after weak monthly sales
McDonald's August sales slump on U.S. declines
McDonald's said sales at stores open at least 13 months fell 3.7 percent in August as its U.S. slump continued for the fourth straight month.
McDonald's said sales at stores open at least 13 months fell 3.7 percent in August as its U.S. slump continued for the fourth straight month.
By Jessica Wohl, Tribune staff reporter
Could another round of free coffee perk up McDonald's?
"That's not ketchup...it's blood," says analyst after McDonald's posts worst monthly sales since '03
McDonald’s Corp. on Tuesday posted its weakest sales at longstanding restaurants in more than a decade and said its supplier issue in China would take a bite out of its third-quarter profit.
The world’s largest restaurant chain is struggling to keep the attention of consumers who have been visiting smaller fast-food chains, coffee shops and the growing number of fast-casual chains such as Chipotle Mexican Grill.
McDonald's stock
McDonald's stock price, daily closes.
McDonald's stock price, daily closes. (Tribune graphics)
Sales at McDonald’s restaurants open at least 13 months fell 3.7 percent in August, tying the company’s decline back in March 2003. Same-store sales fell 2.8 percent in the United States, fell 0.7 percent in Europe and plunged 14.5 percent in its Asia/Pacific, Middle East and Africa region.
Analysts had expected McDonald’s to report a global comparable sales decline of 3.1 percent, according to Consensus Metrix. They had predicted a decline of 2 percent in the United States, a decline of 2.1 percent in Europe and a drop of 10.1 percent in the APMEA region.
Janney analyst Mark Kalinowski summarized his take on the sales in a note issued Tuesday morning titled "MCD: That's Not Ketchup ... It's Blood."

Rupee weakens against Dollar; BofA is optimistic for futureThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Coal scam: CBI to file revised closure report in courtThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Reliance Power: AGM on Sep 30  2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

First UK rate hike getting closer  labour market needs to heal: Mark CarneyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India Expecting Big Announcements From Xi Jinping s Visit: Nirmala SitharamanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India-Asean FTA in services will help professionals: FicciThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Self-attestation of documents planned for easier governanceThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India Gelatine & Chemicals to hold AGMThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Good evening dear rishabh. so diis are still selling in cash seg...455 Followers
Good Evening Dear Rishabh.
So DIIs are still selling in Cash segment and FIIs still buying. Great News. We still much of Bull Run balance, i guess.
Rainfall deficit is near 10.7(normal range) for the country as a whole. J&K has floods and the rainfall data is not coming forth for the last two days. I do not know how much relevant J&K is for agriculture. Right now, drinking water is being air-lifted to the needy.
6.28 PM Sep 9th

Buy at cmp or every dip good for the long term and short term target 3...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

@bbh i said shares can be auctioned only on overshorting ....btst is n...Platinum Member
442 Followers
@MS, This incident only one of my life experience i will send you mam with exact example on Maruti scrip some other day.
Rest there is always people doing dubious things, sab golmaal hai yahan par. Uppar se le ke niche tak.
People think its easy to earn money in stock market. Whereas the truth is different as nobody will let you go so easily with there chunk of money. And always retail investor get struck with Big brokers recommendations. We have seen on JPA as well
Some broking houses recommended @ level 73 and 77  but now this laggard of so many years struggling at 35. Nice conversation with you! CYA
Thanks, BBH!

Dear mitz and brainbench  ur analysis is absolutely right  when cyclic...Gold Member
21 Followers
Dear mitz and brainbench, ur analysis is absolutely right, when cyclicals like RFT turn around after years of bad patch then they run so hard that they don`t give any chance to newcomers.
6.27 PM Sep 9th  | Track

TCS FY15 revenue gets booster from JapanTCS' FY15 revenue gets booster from Japan
BS Reporter | Pune Sep 10, 2014 12:37 AM IST
Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), India’s largest information technology services provider, reiterated its FY15 growth outlook is much better than FY14, taking its share price to touch a 52-week high at Rs 2,667 apiece during intra-day trading on Tuesday. The share price of the firm corrected and closed at Rs 2,630 a share on the BSE.
Analyst expect TCS, which had reported growth of 16.2 per cent for FY14, to grow at 17-18 per cent, thanks to its joint venture (JV) with Mitsubishi in Japan. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, the Street expects TCS to report a seven to eight per cent growth in dollar revenue. “Even without the Japan JV, TCS was tracking a growth rate of five to six per cent,” said an analyst, who did not wish to be named.
“We understand that the management’s confidence is based on client interactions, order books / deal wins / ramp-up expectations, quality and size of pipeline, discretionary spend patterns and execution ability of TCS. The management has been indicating that there is agility in decision-making and business spending across the three major areas - discretionary, simplification and regulatory spends. These are being driven by digital initiatives (digital re-imaging), cost efficiencies / cost optimisation and risk / compliance requirements, respectively,” said Dipen Shah, head (private client group research), at Kotak Securities in his report.
Rajesh Gopinathan, chief financial officer at TCS, had met analysts on Monday as part of pre-results briefing. Analyst confirmed the company expected India business to do well this quarter, which will be a positive. India in the first quarter of FY15 had reported a growth of 5.2 per cent.
The management also highlighted that growth will be driven across verticals. “BFS (banking and financial services) is likely to accelerate during the quarter, but weakness is likely to persist in Insurance. Media, travel & hospitality, and life sciences are likely to be weaker than the previous quarter,” said Shashi Bhushan of Prabhudas Lilladher.
In the first quarter, BFSI (banking, financial services and insurance) growth was down 0.3 per cent, primarily due to weakness in insurance. The company is expecting insurance sales to remain soft. It also said sales in Europe, due to holidays in July-August, will be softer.
APAC including Japan will be a differentiating story for TCS in the second quarter, as the Japan JV will start contributing to the revenue. TCS had announced that, TCS Japan will merge with IT Frontier Corporation, a 100% IT subsidiary of Mitsubishi Corporation and Nippon TCS Solution Centre TCS will, then, acquire 51% of the JV with Mitsubishi holding the remaining 49%.
TCS had revenues of about $104 million accruing from Japan in FY2014 with high single digit margins. On the other hand, ITF had revenues of $500 million with margins of low single-digits.
Though the revenue from the JV is a positive this will be impacted by cross currency movement. The street and the management too confirmed that the cross currency movement would have a negative impact of 80 basis points.
"During Q2FY15, EBIT margin is expected to remain stable as cost from Japan consolidation will offset the absence of one off cost due to change in depreciation policy of last quarter (~80bp impact). We believe that with wage hike impact behind (in Q1FY15) as well as high organic revenue growth should help in operating margins going up by around 50bps q-o-q. TCS continues to maintain its target band for margins as 26-28% going forward and its investments will be focused on strengthening its presence in Japan and France, in addition to developing its digital practice. Other Income during the quarter is expected to be lower by Rs 300 crore as the company distributed special dividend during the quarter which caused an outlay of Rs 15,000 crore," said Ankita Somani, of MOSL.

Govt committed to 24x7 power supply to all citizens: GoyalThe Hindu Union Minister Piyush Goyal addressing a press conference in New Delhi on Sunday. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
TOPICS
coal
Stating that they had inherited a ‘crisis ridden power sector’ from the previous government, Minister of State (Independent Charge), Power, Coal and New and Renewable Energy, Piyush Goyal, on Sunday said they are working towards correcting the situation to ensure 24x7 power supply to all citizens in the next few years.
While speaking at a conference to present the 100-day report card of the new Narendra Modi government for the sectors, the Minister denied there is low supply of coal and said coal-based power production has risen by 21.4 per cent in the last three months.
“There is no coal supply shortage…The fact that coal production was practically stagnant in the last four years is what I have inherited. I cannot increase coal production in 100 days... but using the available resources we have increased coal-based electricity generation by 21.4 per cent in June-August period over the corresponding period in 2013,” he said.
The minister reiterated that the government was committed to bring about a transformative change in the power sector and ensure affordable 24x7 power for all homes, industrial & commercial establishments and adequate power for farms, in the next few years.
He added that in effort to ensure adequate supply of coal for power plants, state-owned Coal India Ltd has set a target of 1 billion tonne of coal production by 2019, from current levels of 500 million tonne.
Presently, India’s dependency on coal for power generation is about 60 per cent.
Additionally, the government is expediting completion of three critical rail lines (at Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and Odisha) which are likely to help increase output by 60 million tonne per annum by 2017-18 and up to 200 million tonne MT by 2021-22.
The minister further informed that CIL has taken in principle decision to purchase 250 additional rakes (for Rs 5,000 crore) to evacuate more coal, primarily to power plants. The government has also invested Rs 7,000 crore in power grid security in states.
Meanwhile, reacting on Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan’s remarks blaming the Centre for the worsening power crisis in the state, Mr. Goyal said, “These are absolutely baseless allegations. The fact is since I have become the Power Minister, I have been reaching out to Maharashtra CM, he must have been busy, hence was not able to give me time. As of today, we have no requests pending from Maharashtra.” He added that the Centre is working with the state governments and have so far met with 18 officials.

Germanys great green gambleUpdated: September 8, 2014 01:09 IST
Germany’s great green gamble
Jairam Ramesh
Tweet
Reuters ENERGY HOT SPOT: It is the complete decommissioning of nuclear plants in eight years coupled with an overriding emphasis on energy efficiency that gives ‘energiewende’ a unique dimension. A file picture of solar panels being installed on a building in the German town of Falkensee.
TOPICS
environmental issues
India has much to learn from Germany’s bold energy transformation
The Germans gave the word kindergarten to the world of education. They gave the term wirtschaftswunder to development economics to describe their country’s remarkable economic transformation immediately following World War II. Now, in the area of sustainable growth, another typically compound German word is inviting global attention: energiewende. This refers to the profound energy transition Germany is going through. For a country dubbed as the “sick man of Europe” at the beginning of this century, the achievement is stupendous.
Today, already something like 30 per cent of Germany’s electricity supply comes from solar and wind energy and the country is actually exporting power. The goal is to increase this contribution to 50 per cent by 2030 and a staggering 80 per cent by 2050. Smaller countries in Scandinavia have similar achievements and ambitions but Germany is completely different because it is the world’s pre-eminent industrial economy and has a population of slightly over 80 million. The scale of what Germany has accomplished over the past decade and a half is what gives it wider relevance, especially to large countries like India.
At present, Germany has around 37,000 megawatts of installed solar energy capacity. In addition, it has another 29,000 megawatts of installed wind energy capacity. What has given renewables new momentum is the decision of Chancellor Angela Merkel to completely phase out Germany’s present nuclear power generating capacity of about 12,000 megawatts by the year 2022. There has always been a strong anti-nuclear movement in Germany and this got a fresh impetus following the Fukushima catastrophe in 2011 which prompted the Chancellor’s dramatic volte-face. It was a bold decision given that when Fukushima happened, Germany was getting between a fifth and a quarter of electricity supply from its nuclear power plants. It is the complete decommissioning of all such plants in eight years coupled with an overriding emphasis on energy efficiency that gives energiewende a unique dimension. However, question marks do remain on how much coal capacity Germany will end up adding to compensate for abandoning nuclear power.
“The scale of what Germany has accomplished over the past decade and a half is what gives it wider relevance”
The primary motivation
Meeting domestic and international environmental objectives has undoubtedly been the primary motivation for this remarkable change. A legislation for promoting renewable energy was first enacted 14 years ago. It has undergone many changes subsequently, but the anchor remains the concept of a “feed-in tariff” that depends on the technology being used. Anybody can invest in solar or wind power, sell surplus power to the grid and get a generous income that covers investment and running costs, guaranteed for 20 years, regardless of demand. The grid operator has a legal obligation to connect the installation and an obligation to accept electricity whenever it is produced. As a result, there are now close to 5 million small producers — individuals and cooperatives — accounting for around half of the installed renewable energy capacity. This means that some 6 per cent of Germans are energy producers. This is the nearest equivalent to the mobile phone revolution. The structure of electricity generation has been thoroughly shaken up and the four big private utilities have been consistently losing market share.
Controversies
However, the transition has not been without controversy. The most contentious issue is whether consumers are paying more now than they were earlier. The cost of renewables is financed out of a surcharge on the bills of consumers. Of course, many consumers have themselves turned producers, but that apart, there appear to be two views. One view is that German household expenditure on electricity has not changed over the past decade and that the latest increase will cost the consumer every month the equivalent of a pint of beer. But the fact remains that energy prices will continue to increase since the large-scale use of renewable sources does require extensive grid, storage and backup infrastructure. The gamble is criticised as being expensive but it cannot be denied that it is expansive.
That is perhaps one reason why according to some surveys, over two-thirds of Germans support energiewende, which actually goes well beyond electricity generation and embraces changes in energy use in transportation and housing as well.
The Indian context
What about the energy transition in India? At present, wind energy capacity is close to 22,000 megawatts and solar amounts to another 2,650 megawatts or so (nuclear is about 4,800 megawatts). Capacity wise, wind and solar account for about 13 per cent of total electricity generating capacity, although contribution to actual energy supply is perhaps no more than six per cent. In April 2014, the Planning Commission’s expert group on low carbon strategies for inclusive growth had released its final report that suggested that by 2030, the share of solar, wind and biomass in electricity supply be tripled to around 18 per cent. Unfortunately, this report has yet to get the full public attention it warrants.
The main difference with Germany, of course, is that in 2030, India’s energy supply basket is projected to have an eight per cent contribution from nuclear energy as well. In terms of capacity, wind energy is recommended to increase to 1,20,000 megawatts and solar to 1,00,000 megawatts by the same year. These may look like daunting goals at the moment but they are eminently feasible, especially given the fact that India is more favourably endowed in solar energy and in some parts, even in wind energy.
The energy transition which will have to be driven by innovations in technology, regulation and financing will bring multiple benefits. It will, of course, increase energy security and also reduce emissions of carbon dioxide. It will also have significant positive impacts on public health and also stimulate development in regions that have remained backward so far. The possibility of India acquiring strategic leadership in the green technology industry globally in about a decade’s time also is very real — provided it is linked with a strong indigenous research and development and engineering capability. New avenues for employment will accelerate. A very recent study by the Council on Energy, Environment and Water and the National Resources Defense Council has estimated that around 24,000 jobs have been created in the last three years alone when solar capacity has increased from around 1,800 to 2,650 megawatts. In Germany, the renewable energy sector employs close to 4,00,000 people and therefore, as capacity and supply contribution expands, green employment in India too will grow substantially.
If a comprehensive valuation of benefits is done, as the expert group boldly pointed out, “even with lower GDP, the low carbon strategy is worth pursuing.” In any case, the reduction in the average annual GDP growth rate by the expert group’s own reckoning by the use of low carbon strategies is 0.1-0.15 percentage points.
That is, instead of say a 8 per cent growth rate, you will end up having a 7.85-7.90 per cent growth rate. Surely, this is by no means any kind of disaster, especially when all the gains of green growth are reckoned and taken into account fully. India is ready for another 4G revolution — great green growth gamble.
(Jairam Ramesh is a Rajya Sabha MP and former Union Minister.)

Economists point to emerging DraghinomicsEconomists point to emerging ‘Draghinomics’
By John Thornhill in Cernobbio and Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/578c7fce-3689-11e4-85be-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Finance Ministry pitches for credit rating upgradeNew Delhi, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 8, 2014 17:26 IST
Finance Ministry pitches for credit rating upgrade
PTI
Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram on Monday said revenue buoyancy was good and multilateral agencies like IMF and World Bank were optimistic about India’s growth prospects. File photo: Sandeep Saxena
TOPICS
international economic institution
Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram tells Moody's that the government is taking steps to keep the fiscal deficit under check.
Pitching for the country’s rating upgrade, Finance Ministry officials on Monday informed credit ratings agency Moody’s that the Budget 2014—15 has provided an impetus to growth and the government is taking steps to keep the fiscal deficit under check.
“We presented our case. The growth is coming back. The budget has strong growth impulses and response of the economy is positive. They have concerns about fiscal deficit. We explained that we will be able to maintain target,” Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram told reporters after meeting with the representatives of the Moody’s.
He further said that revenue buoyancy was good and even multilateral agencies like International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank were optimistic about India’s growth prospects.
Moody’s has assigned ‘Baa3’ rating on India, with a stable outlook, which suggests the possibility of an upgrade.
According to Moody’s, the rating “reflects high domestic savings and adequate foreign exchange reserves and the challenges posed by large fiscal deficits, recurrent inflation and weak infrastructure“.
Admitting that inflation was a matter of concern in view of the poor monsoon, Mayaram said: “We have told them, we are taking care of the requirements (of food items). We have adequate stock so that if monsoon is below normal and if production is marginally down then our stocks are adequate to take care of contingency. We will be able to manage it.”
Moreover, he added, the government has set up an Expenditure Management Commission which would look at broad contours of subsidy rationalisation.
Headed by former Reserve Bank Governor Bimal Jalan, the Commission is required to submit its interim report before the Budget for 2015—16 and final report in early 2016.
Improved performance of mining, manufacturing and services sector has pushed India’s economic growth rate to two—and—half years high of 5.7 per cent in the April—June quarter, a development which the Finance Ministry expects to continue for rest of the fiscal.
Representatives of another rating agency Standard & Poor’s had met Finance Ministry officials on August 12. They had informed S&P about the government’s road map to reduce fiscal deficit to 3 per cent of GDP by 2016—17.
As regards the current fiscal, the government proposes to bring down the fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent of the GDP from 4.5 per cent a year ago.
S&P currently rates India as ‘BBB—’, the lowest in the investment grade, with a negative outlook.
The representative of Fitch, which has affirmed India’s long—term foreign and local currency issuer default rating (IDR) at ‘BBB—’ with stable outlook, indicating low default risk, too are expected to meet Finance Ministry officials shortly.

Xiaomi Redmi 1s quick-read review: Patience paysDespite the slow-charging battery, app crashes and the design flaws, the Xiaomi Redmi 1s is still the best phone you can buy at Rs. 5,999.
Written by Mihir Patkar | Posted: September 8, 2014 10:40 am | Updated: September 8, 2014 10:58 am
Phones should be judged by their price. At its low price of Rs. 5,999, the Xiaomi Redmi 1s has a spec sheet that blows its competitors away. As expected, this is the best budget phone you can buy. But it’s not without some flaws.
Specs: 4.7-inch IPS HD touchscreen (1280×720 pixels, 312ppi) with Dragontrail Scratch-resistant Glass | 1.6GHz quad core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor | 1GB RAM | 8GB internal memory, microSD card up to 32GB | 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4, GPS | Dual-SIM (GSM+GSM) | 8MP rear camera with LED flash and 1080p FullHD video recording | 1.6MP front camera with 720p HD video recording | 2000mAh battery | Android 4.3 Jelly Bean with MIUI v5
Price: Rs. 5,999
Design: Yeah, it’s a budget smartphone, but it’s sad that the Redmi 1s looks and feels like a budget smartphone. It’s heavy, it has big bezels that are a put-off, the screen is prone to fingerprint smudges, and the overall build quality feels cheap. But perhaps the biggest problem is the capacitive buttons under the screen. The red colour is a turn-off and looks childish. More importantly, they aren’t backlit, which means they are impossible to spot and use in a dark room. The Redmi 1s will get the job done, but it won’t look good doing it.
Screen: The 4.7-inch HD screen is, without a doubt, the best you get at this price. Plus, it has Dragontrail protection to keep away scratches on the glass. Sunlight legibility isn’t the best we have seen, but in this price range, it’s good enough.
Performance: The Redmi 1s is a satisfying experience, but not an excellent one. You’ll be able to play most games, but not at their highest graphics settings. You’ll be able to multi-task between apps, but once in a while, they do crash. None of it is a deal-breaker when you consider the price. But it is a little frustrating at times.
Camera: For the first time, you get a budget phone with a camera that won’t make you cringe. Yes, you can safely use it in most situations and even low-lit environments. For comparison, the photos are as good as what you would get on the Samsung Galaxy Nexus or the iPhone 4.
Memory: Unlike other sub-10k phones, there are no compromises with the 8GB internal memory of the Redmi 1s. App installations aren’t a problem, and the microSD card can take care of all your extra space requirements.
Interface: Xiaomi’s custom Android interface, called MIUI, customizes the operating system so it doesn’t really look like Android. Nonetheless, it’s easy to use and works well. Considering that this low-cost phone might be ideal for those new to Android, Xiaomi has also made a “Lite Mode” for the MIUI. Essentially, this simplifies Android by turning oft-used apps into large tiles, adding a “Quick Contacts” pane, and increasing the font. It’s the kind of stuff that would make Android easy for parents and others new to smartphones.
Battery: The 2000mAh battery of the Redmi 1s lasts for about 14 hours of usage on a single charge, which is not bad, but not excellent. It’ll go for a little over 5 hours of pure video playback. It’s good enough. What’s annoying is the time it takes to charge. From 5% to 100% took over 2.5 hours, which is far too long.
Special Mention: Xiaomi’s flash sale model means that the Redmi 1s has the same problem as the Xiaomi Mi3. It’s the best phone you can buy at this price, but actually buying it from Flipkart—the only retailer—requires a combination of patience and luck. It shouldn’t be this hard to buy a phone.
Verdict :Despite the slow-charging battery, app crashes and the design flaws, the Xiaomi Redmi 1s is still the best phone you can buy at this price. Those problems are not deal-breakers, and importantly, Redmi 1s gets it right in the things that matter: screen quality, overall battery life, and camera.
The only issue with the phone is that purchase model, which is frustrating, annoying, and perhaps even insulting. Frankly, it’s ridiculous that buying a phone with your own hard-earned money is this difficult. If you’re fine with jumping through Xiaomi’s hoops, then the Redmi 1s is the phone to get.

Author claims to have identified Jack the Ripper via DNA testingBy Elahe Izadi September 8 Follow @ElaheIzadi
Jack the Ripper, one of the most notorious serial killers in history, has been identified through DNA traces found on this shawl, according to a book to be published Tuesday. The fabric was taken from the murder scene of Jack the Ripper's fourth victim, Catherine Eddowes. (Lacy Scott and Knight Auction Center/Getty Images/AFP)
In the end, it may have taken a Johnny Depp movie, a shawl and a DNA test to solve the mystery behind one of the most notorious serial killing sprees in London: Who was Jack the Ripper?
British businessman and noted "Ripperologist" Russell Edwards claims to have finally and conclusively identified the serial killer as Aaron Kosminski, a Polish immigrant and barber.
Edwards unmasked his candidate for Jack the Ripper in the Daily Mail and chronicles how he came to the conclusion in a forthcoming book .
Kosminski has long been one of the more credible suspects in the five gruesome murders of women in the London's East End in 1888. Born in central Poland on Sept. 11, 1865, he moved with his family moved to east London in the early 1880s, and lived near the murder scenes, according to Agence France Presse .
He ended up in a workhouse the year after the murders and was described as destitute; a year later, he was discharged but eventually ended up in an insane asylum -- he was thought to have been "seriously mentally ill," Edwards writes -- where he died from gangrene in 1919. A witness had identified Kosminski as the murderer at the time.
Edwards said his interest in Jack the Ripper began after he watched "From Hell," a 2001 film about the murders that starred Depp as a clairvoyant police inspector.
In 2007, Edwards bought a shawl that had been discovered at the scene of the murder of Catherine Eddowes, the fourth Ripper victim. Before Edwards bought it, the shawl belonged to the relative of a police official who had been allowed to take it home to his dressmaker wife, Edwards writes. "Incredibly, it was stowed without ever being washed," and handed down in the family, he said.
A contemporary sketch of Polish emigre Aaron Kosminski. (Evans Skinner Archive/Getty Images/AFP)
When Edwards bought the shawl, he subjected it to DNA testing, which confirmed that the blood on it belonged to Eddowes. A UV light showed semen on the fabric. That DNA was compared to that of a Kosminski descendant, Edwards writes.
The identity of Jack the Ripper has eluded Brits for over a century and obsessed everyone from serious academics to armchair detectives. Queen Victoria's grandson Prince Albert Victor was thought to be a suspect  at one point, but it turned out he wasn't near the murders at the time. Other suspects have included Mary Pearcey ("Jill the Ripper"), who had been convicted of murdering her lover's wife; in 2006, an Australian scientist, pointing to DNA results, suggested the killer may have been a woman .
Historian Mei Trow had previously identified mortuary attendant Robert Mann as Jack the Ripper, using "psychological and geographical profiling," the Daily Mail wrote in 2009 . The murder victims' bodies would have been delivered to the mortuary where Mann worked, where he was suspected to have "admire[d] his handiwork."
In claiming that Jack the Ripper was definitely, most assuredly Aaron Kosminski, Edwards has generated serious skepticism; as Agence France-Presse points out , the findings haven't been subjected to the methodology required for publication in a peer-reviewed scientific journal.
And the man who invented the DNA finger-printing technique, Alec Jefferys, called for greater scrutiny, telling The Independent it was "n interesting but remarkable claim that needs to be subjected to peer review, with detailed analysis of the provenance of the shawl and the nature of the claimed DNA match with the perpetrator's descendants and its power of discrimination; no actual evidence has yet been provided."
No matter who Jack the Ripper was, he remains one of the least liked figures in British history: Several years ago, in a BBC History Magazine survey , Jack the Ripper was voted the worst Briton of the last 1,000 years.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

80% of works mentioned in budget onNEW DELHI, September 8, 2014
Updated: September 9, 2014 01:52 IST
‘80% of works mentioned in budget on’
Sandeep Dikshit
The Hindu Railway Minister Sadananda Gowda during an interaction with media on 100 days of achievements of Railway during his tenure in New Delhi on Monday. Photo: Rajeev Bhatt.
TOPICS
railway
The Railway Ministry has started work on 80 per cent of the budgetary pronouncements and hopes to initiate work on the remaining within a month.
Most of the work in progress outlined by Railway Minister D.V. Sadananda Gowda at a news conference here on Monday related to improving the basics such as cleanliness, safety, security and punctuality. The Minister revealed that a meeting once every fortnight with the top brass would be devoted to monitoring the progress made in implementing budgetary promises.
Work relating to restructuring of the Railway Board or the proposal about merging the Railway budget with the Union budget is being handled by Prime Minister Narendra Modi along with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, Mr. Gowda said in response to a question from The Hindu.
Railway Board Chairman Arunendra Sinha said one set of studies for the proposed Ahmadabad-Mumbai bullet train had been completed and the submission of a business potential study was on the cards. “”It has been discussed, studies are being conducted,” he said.
Wooing private sector
As for inviting the private sector in a bigger way, Mr. Gowda said a model concession agreement should be ready in a month with a target of Rs. 6,000 crore during the year mainly in projects relating to first and last mile connectivity. The railways has received a poor response of four per cent against its previous budgetary expectations in this respect.
A ‘short duration’ committee on resource mobilisation will submit a report which will fine-tune the options before the railways.
There was some consternation at the press conference after some newspersons wanted to query the Minister on rape charges against his son. While officials wanted questions to be confined to the working of the Ministry, Mr. Gowda overruled them.
“I will answer,” said Mr. Gowda and proceeded to point out that he was not in a position to say anything because the issue was under investigation.

The Year Humans Become Self-Awarereddit
Decades from now, historians and others will look back at 2015 as the year humans suddenly became self-aware of their planet. I say 2015 because we are not quite there yet -- we are still pre-aware. However, next year, or very soon thereafter, the United States will finally join the rest of the world in becoming both aware and responsible for our part in adding to the world's production of greenhouse gases that contribute to global warming and ensuing climate change.
What led to this not-so-sudden shift in public perception and the need to change how we live on the planet? It wasn't Earth Day and it wasn't Inconvenient Truth. But maybe each contributed in some way.
Over the past few years a series of scientific reports, as well as increased news accounts explaining climate change, began to coalesce around tilting opinion in the United States from a lop-sided state of national confusion over energy, the environment and the economy toward a more scientific-based awareness of climate change:
The daily average atmospheric concentration levels of carbon dioxide surpassed a notable milestone of 440 ppm in 2013, a threshold not found on Earth in the past 3 million years.
The Inter-governmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Fifth Assessment released in 2014 states that dangerous CO2 emissions increases over pre-industrial levels is due, in fact, to human activity.
This year the U.S. Government released the third National Climate Assessment stating in no uncertain terms that climate change was "a reality happening now" -- not in a distant future.
In the journal Environmental Science and Technology (August 2014), more than 1,800 climate scientists registered "overwhelming agreement" that climate change is real and that it is due to human activity, again.
Recent federal court decisions affirm EPA's authority to regulate greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide under the Clean Air Act, and this past summer the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announced a proposed rule to reduce nationwide carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions from existing stationary sources by 30 percent from 2005 levels by the year 2030.
These announcements are not enough to shift the perception of a majority of Americans on whether climate change is real or not, and, even if it is, no one agrees on what to do. What it does, though, is add to the common sense recognition taking hold among college students, farmers, firefighters, insurance companies, and more than a few business executives. The shift in public opinion is fairly analogous to the way Americans came to understand why smoking is bad for your health and banned it from work and public places.
Brand name companies, a lot of mayors and governors, athletes and meteorologists, understand that climate change is happening and will have consequences for our economy that we need to anticipate. For example, Forbes magazine reports that some companies' views on climate change are "not about the political machinations" but rather potential economic losses. This is increasingly the case for institutional investors and large operating companies with a heavy carbon footprint. Forbes noted that Farmers Insurance filed suit against 200 municipalities in the Chicago area (later withdrawn over the potential financial impact of lawsuits on the communities) for their "alleged failure to do anything to mitigate climate-related weather events."
Another factor that may be leading to a change in public perception is the media market reaction to unfounded or overstated skepticism about climate change, particularly what gets aired on a variety of radio and cable news talk shows. The popularity of shock-jocks on this topic seems to be weakening during a period when reporting on, and understanding, climate change is rising significantly. More than a few AM radio listeners and cable news viewers are becoming aware that the daily serving of angry anti-government incitement they receive verges too far from a Main Street norm that views climate change as a reality -- climate change is a reality in Iowa !
Climate change, like Obamacare, is red meat for any political base that views the government as suppressing freedom, yoking the economy or undermining the Constitution. Even though public opinion is shifting in support of doing something about climate change, some members of Congress, a bunch of well-paid lobbyists, and certain news media personalities, have known for a while that being against something, even science, is very lucrative, both politically and personally.
While it may be true that "Democrats trust everything except Fox News, and Republicans don't trust anything other than Fox News," earlier this year, Fox News hit a four-year record low, with 41 percent of voters trusting it versus 46 percent who did not, according to Public Policy Polling. The business and investment community, whose economic views think-tanks like the Heartland Institute and news organizations like Fox News believe they are championing, are now on the wrong side of business and history -- as well as the rest of America -- including Iowa.
The idea that adopting bi-partisan legislation to counteract and limit greenhouse gas emissions will hurt the economy and kill jobs, it turns out, is really just hackneyed political sway -- and seriously wrongheaded. The politically-motivated humbug against adopting steps to price or curtail greenhouse gas pollution is not aligned with the direction of the economy, science or business. In other words, ideological skepticism against developing sensible and rational climate change legislation beyond what cities and states can do on their own, or what the President and EPA can reasonably do under the Clean Air Act, is political fodder of the worst kind.
Americans want to lead (and need to lead) a new energy economy revolution -- and Congress needs to get in line with accelerating this American know-how.
Regulating or otherwise putting a price on carbon will bring much needed policy confidence to business planning, new investment and the market place. It will unlock a multiplicity of investments in clean energy and technological innovation needed to curb some of the most negative impacts of carbon pollution and climate change. These changes include game-changing innovations in distributed generation, the electrification of transportation, new smart grid networks and significant advances in energy efficiency, energy storage and battery technology.
In 1931, Thomas Edison told his friends Henry Ford and Harvey Firestone: "I'd put my money on the sun and solar energy. What a source of power! I hope we don't have to wait until oil and coal run out before we tackle that." Managing and pricing carbon is no longer a partisan issue -- and should never have become so ideologically polarized -- it is a public goal that investment and markets can profitably tackle with the right policy incentives. Historians will look back at the period between 2000 and 2015 and wonder, with all that was happening, why didn't more people realize that clean energy and technology would become as much of a driving force for the global economy as dirty energy had been a century before?
More:

The fourth Ebola patient flown to the U.S. will be treated at Emory UniversityBy Abby Phillip September 8 Follow @abbydphillip
The Emory University Hospital in Atlanta, Ga. (Erik S. Lesser/EPA)
Emory University Hospital will treat a third patient infected with the Ebola virus, officials at the Atlanta hospital confirmed Monday.
The patient is expected to arrive by way of a specially equipped "air ambulance" from West Africa on Tuesday morning. The hospital declined to release any further information about the patient, citing patient confidentiality policies.
Since the worst Ebola outbreak in history began in West Africa, Emory, which has state-of-the-art isolation and treatment facilities, has successfully treated and discharged two patients who contracted Ebola while working on aid missions in Liberia.
Texas doctor Kent Brantly and North Carolina missionary Nancy Writebol were both released from the hospital last month after being treated at Emory and receiving an experimental Ebola treatment, ZMapp. The new Ebola patient will be treated in the same facility at Emory.
Another American doctor was flown from West Africa to a treatment facility at Nebraska Medical Center on Friday .
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

China s President Xi to make first visit to IndiaChina's President Xi Jinping to make first visit to India
Ben Blanchard     Beijing   Last Updated: September 9, 2014  | 10:30 IST
Chinese President Xi Jinping waves during a reception for country leaders and officials at the Purple Palace in Nanjing. Photo: Reuters
Chinese President Xi Jinping will make his first visit to India next week as head of state on a regional visit that starts this week and will also include visits to Sri Lanka, the Maldives and Tajikistan.
Xi will begin his trip in Tajikistan where he will attend a meeting of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation on Thursday and Friday, the country's foreign ministry said on Tuesday.
After that Xi will travel to the Maldives, Sri Lanka and India, on a visit which ends on September 19, the ministry said, without giving exact dates for when he will be in each country.
The ministry provided no further details, though over the weekend it said that Xi had postponed a trip to Pakistan which had originally been part of his tour due to ongoing unrest in the country.
From economic parity in 1980, China's growth has outstripped India's fourfold and Beijing has sought to recycle some of its vast export surpluses into foreign investments in resources and infrastructure in South Asia to feed its industrial machine.
That rising economic presence in the Indian Ocean region has stoked concerns in New Delhi that China is creating a "string of pearls" that surrounds India and threatens its security.
While China and India have close economic and historical links, there is deep suspicion too, fuelled in part by a festering border dispute.
Asian great-power diplomacy has stirred to life since the rise to power of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who announced his intent to play an active role on the world stage by inviting regional leaders to his inauguration in May.
Although Modi seeks pragmatic economic engagement with China, in Tokyo earlier this month he criticised countries with an "expansionist" mindset, a coded jibe against Beijing's assertive behaviour in Southeast Asia.
Last week, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe began visits to Bangladesh and Sri Lanka.
(Reuters)

Preet Bharara Nails Another India-Origin TycoonSBI Defends $1 Billion Adani Loan Proposal
New York: The parents of Mathew Martoma, the former portfolio manager for SAC Capital Advisors, sat quietly through his insider trading trial this year. But moments after a federal judge sentenced Martoma on Monday to nine years in prison for carrying out one of the biggest insider trading schemes on record, his parents could contain themselves no more.
Speaking on the sidewalk outside the old federal courthouse in Lower Manhattan, Martoma's parents said he had been wrongly convicted. The couple asked why Martoma's former boss, Steven A. Cohen, the billionaire investor who founded SAC, was not also charged with insider trading if their son had done something wrong.
"He was framed," Lizzie Thomas said of her son, Mathew, who was convicted in February by a federal jury in Manhattan. His father, Bobbie Martoma, then added that his son had refused to cooperate with the federal authorities against Cohen because he did not want to violate the commandment against "bearing false witness." His parents both criticized the nine-year sentence meted out by Judge Paul G. Gardephe of U.S. District Court in Manhattan as being too severe. The couple suggested that Martoma was given a harsher penalty than most of the other 84 people who were convicted of or pleaded guilty in the insider trading investigation because of his Indian heritage. Martoma's parents are both immigrants from India.
Preet Bharara, the U.S. attorney for Manhattan, whose office indicted Martoma, 40, and prosecuted him, is also of Indian-American ancestry. The nine-year sentence was in line with the recommendation made to Gardephe by prosecutors working for Bharara.
The emotional response by Martoma's parents occurred after Gardephe said the stiff sentence was appropriate given the hundreds of millions of dollars at stake in the 2008 insider trading scheme that involved trades in shares of two drug companies. Gardephe said that while Martoma clearly was a good husband to his wife, Rosemary, a good father to his three children and a charitable person, there was also a darker side to his personality.
"The conduct at SAC was not aberrant conduct," Gardephe said, noting that before getting a job with Cohen's firm, Martoma was expelled from Harvard Law School for doctoring his transcript.
Gardephe, toward the conclusion of the nearly 90-minute proceeding, said, "The sums here are staggering, and the size of the punishment must be sufficient to deter others."
Martoma's lawyers had simply asked Gardephe to show mercy and sentence him to a term of no more than two to three years in prison. Lou Colasuonno, a spokesman for Martoma and his lawyers, issued a statement that said Martoma and his family "are devastated by the outcome" and plan to appeal. Martoma was silent during much of the sentencing hearing, allowing his lawyer Richard M. Strassberg, a partner with Goodwin Procter, to do most of the talking. Rosemary Martoma, seated in the front row, could be seen wiping her eyes at times.
Martoma was also ordered to forfeit a $9.38 million bonus he earned while working at SAC in 2008. The forfeiture includes the luxury home in Boca Raton, Florida, that the couple bought in 2010 for about $2 million.
Hours before the sentencing hearing was scheduled to begin, Gardephe indicated some of his thinking about Martoma's illegal trades in shares of two drug companies, Elan and Wyeth. The judge said in a 25-page decision issued Monday morning that it was appropriate for him to consider all of the $275 million in profits and avoided losses made by Martoma and Cohen, his former boss.
Gardephe noted that while prosecutors did not name Cohen as a co-conspirator, the evidence at trial proved that Martoma "provided inside information to Cohen and this information was the basis for Mr. Cohen and SAC Capital's subsequent trades in Elan and Wyeth securities."
Martoma was convicted of using inside information about a clinical trial for an experimental Alzheimer's drug to help SAC make trades in shares of the two drug companies. The trades in Elan and Wyeth - in which SAC sold large positions before the release of negative information about the clinical trial - took place over a few days in July 2008.
Martoma had said that sentencing him to a long prison term would present an undue hardship on his wife, a nonpracticing physician, and their three children. Martoma and his lawyers had argued that it was unfair for him to receive a long prison sentence for what was essentially a single incident of insider trading.
Prosecutors countered that the number of trades was irrelevant because the improper trading helped SAC generate the $275 million in profits and avoid losses.
The nine-year sentence is two years shy of the 11-year sentence given to Raj Rajaratnam, co-founder of the former Galleon Group hedge fund, which remains the longest sentence anyone in the current insider trading investigation has received.
The sentencing of Martoma closed another chapter in the federal government's investigation of Cohen and his hedge fund, which lasted for more than seven years. SAC was one of the most successful hedge funds before the firm pleaded guilty to insider trading and was forced by the government to stop managing money for outside investors. Federal prosecutors never charged Cohen, 58, with any wrongdoing, but he still faces a civil regulatory action that could permanently bar him from working in the securities industry.
© 2014, The New York Times News Service
Story first published on: September 09, 2014 09:35 (IST)

Rupee down 17 paise against dollar in early tradeSep 09, 2014 at  06:30pm IST
Rupee tumbles to biggest loss in a month, down 31 paisa vs US Dollar
1
0
Mumbai: Tumbling from six-week highs, Indian rupee on Tuesday saw its biggest daily loss in over a month as it slumped 31 paise to end at 60.60 against dollar on concern US interest rates may rise sooner than investors had anticipated. Weakness in local equities and fresh dollar demand from importers also weighed on the rupee, said forex brokers.
The dollar rose to over five-year high against Japanese yen and about a 14-month high versus Euro. This marks a comeback after the Greenback dropped Friday following a weak jobs report that had dampened speculation of rise in US rates.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market today, the rupee commenced weak at 60.45 a dollar from previous close of 60.29. This was in line with slip in local shares.
Tumbling from six-week highs, Indian rupee on Tuesday saw its biggest daily loss in over a month as it slumped 31 paise to end at 60.60 against dollar on concern US interest rates may rise sooner than investors had anticipated.
#rupee #dollar #business #sensex
The rupee then tried to recover and logged an intra-day high of 60.4050. The momentum, however, could not be sustained and it fell back to a low of 60.66, before settling at 60.60 -- a net fall of 31 paise or 0.51 per cent. This is its biggest single day loss since 65-paise drop on August 6, 2014.
At the closing level, the rupee is just short of its one-week low of 60.68 hit on September 2.
On Monday, rupee had gained 10 paise or 0.17 per cent to close at 60.29, a six-week high.
The Indian equity benchmark S&P BSE Sensex today declined by 54.53 points, or 0.20 per cent. Foreign portfolio investors had injected USD 188.54 million yesterday, as per Sebi data.
In global currency markets, the widely-tracked dollar index was up against rivals. Most Asian currencies were trading weaker compared to the US dollar.
Changes in US interest rates can reverberate throughout the global financial system. Rising US dollar interest rates lower the attractiveness of investments in other currencies.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said: "Rupee closed weak taking cues from strong dollar as it continues to trade positively. Local equities closing on a weak note further dented the rupee movement. Also, the dollar demand from importers and corporates weighed."
The trading range for the spot USD/INR pair is expected to be within 60.20 to 61.00, he added.
1

ET Special: All you can expect from Apple iP...You are here: Home  » Apple iPhone 6
Apple iPhone 6
Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are here! The latest iterations of Apple's flagship smartphone come with the iOS 8, bigger displays, faster processors and a whole host of new features. Apple has taken the wraps off its first wearable device, the Apple Watch. Track ET for a round-up on the latest on Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus...

India on cloud 9  surpasses Switzerland to become 9th most valued market globallyBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Xiaomi Redmi 1s review: Best budget phone you can buyBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Letting Your Car Find a Spot and Park ItselfYoung stars Jaden and Willow Smith, the son and daughter of actor Will Smith, recently sat down with the New York...
Roger Kisby/Getty Images

Asian shares mostly higher led by weak yen in Tokyo  Softbank gainsSep 09, 2014, 09.07 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Asian shares mostly higher led by weak yen in Tokyo, Softbank gains
Asian shares mostly higher led by weak yen in Tokyo, Softbank gains
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Asian shares mostly higher led by weak yen in Tokyo, Softbank gains
Asian shares mostly higher led by weak yen in Tokyo, Softbank gains
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Asian shares mostly gained on Tuesday led by Tokyo and a weak yen.
The Nikkei 225 rose 0.5%, while the Shanghai Composite was up 0.1% after a holiday on Monday.
Korean and Hong Kong markets are closed for a holiday.
The dollar traded above 106 yen briefly on Tuesday, its highest level in almost six years, helping export related firms like Toyota Motor Corp Ltd Ord (TOKYO:7203), which was up 0.3%.
Japan's Softbank Corp. (TOKYO:9984) was also up, gaining 4.2%, benefiting from enthusiasm for Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding's investor roadshow before its New York share listing, expected in the coming weeks. SoftBank holds a 34% stake in Alibaba.
Overnight, U.S. stocks fell on the coattails of falling energy companies, whose shares took a dive on slumping oil prices, while a general bout of profit taking sent broader indices edging lower as well.
The Dow 30 fell 0.15%, the S&P 500 index fell 0.31%, while the NASDAQ Composite index rose 0.20%.
Oil prices tumbled earlier after data revealed that China's imports fell unexpectedly, underlining concerns over the health of the world's second largest economy.
Persistent concerns that the global economy still faces headwinds while oil supply remains ample have battered crude prices in recent sessions, which hit equities markets on Monday, especially on sentiments that military conflicts in Ukraine, Iraq and elsewhere in the Middle East have not disrupted shipments as once feared.
Profit taking sent stocks falling as well.
Recent factory gauges, service-sector reports, retail sales figures, broader economic growth numbers and other indicators have suggested the U.S. economy is on the mend despite hiccups here and there, which have pushed stock indices to record highs.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

iPhone 6 or iWatch: What does Apple have in storeSelf-styled godman Baba Rampal supporters protest in Delhi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Shares of five new F&O entrants gainShares of five new F&O entrants gain
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 09, 2014 12:36 PM IST
Share prices of five new entrants to the future and options (F&O) segment gained on Tuesday despite the benchmark indices trading weak. The five stocks gained an average 2% even as the Nifty traded 0.4% lower.
On Monday, the National Stock Exchange (NSE) through a circular said that F&O contracts on Eicher Motors, Motherson Sumi, SKS Microfinance, Mindtree and TVS Motor would be available starting September 10, 2014.
Shares of Eicher Motors gained over a percent to Rs 11,111; Motherson Sumi added about 2.3% to Rs 394; SKS Microfinance gained 2.5% to Rs 339, Mindree was up 0.26% to Rs 1,151 and TVS Motor gained nearly 3% to Rs 224.
The NSE Nifty, meanwhile, was trading about 30 points, 0.4% lower at 8,114.
"Addition to the F&O segment increases trader interest and boost liquidity in a stock," said analysts.
"The market lot, scheme of strikes and quantity freeze limit of the above mentioned securities shall be informed to members on September 09, 2014 through a separate circular," the NSE has said.
Currently, there are about 135 stocks that are traded in the F&O segment of the NSE.

Heavyweights drag markets lower; Nifty at 8 130Heavyweights drag markets lower; Nifty at 8,130
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 09, 2014 01:28 PM IST
Markets continue to trade in the negative territory as weakness in heavyweights like ICICI Bank, Infosys, ONGC and L&T weighed on the indices in noon trades.
At 1320 hrs, the Sensex was down 116 points at 27,204 and the Nifty slipped by 40 points to trade at 8,134.
In the broader markets, the smallcap index was unchanged while the midcap index bucked the larger market trend and was up 0.3%.
Auto, Consumer Durables, FMCG and Power indices up 0.2-0.4% were the only sectoral indices in green.
IT, Oil & Gas and Realty indices down 1% each were the major sectoral losers.
 Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Tata Motors up 1% each were the prominent gainers of the hour. Cipla climbed after the company on Monday announced commercial collaboration with UK-based S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Coal India, Dr Reddys, M&M, Tata Power and ITC which added 0.3-0.7% rounded off the gainers list.
Tata Motors gained after the company launched the special edition Land Rover Freelander 2. The premium SUV carries a price tag of Rs. 44.41 lakh.
Among the major losers were ONGC, Bajaj Auto, Wipro, ICICI Bank, Infosys, Sesa Sterlite, L&T and BHEL down 1-2% were the major names in red.
Share prices of five new entrants to the future and options (F&O) segment gained on Tuesday despite the benchmark indices trading weak. The five stocks gained an average 2%.
Eicher Motors gained over a percent; Motherson Sumi added about 2.3%; SKS Microfinance gained 2.5%, Mindree was up 0.26% and TVS Motor gained nearly 3%.
The market breadth was marginally in green on BSE. 1462 stocks advanced while 1366 stocks declined.

Investors Put in Rs. 1 Lakh Crore in MF Schemes in AugustYou are here: Home Market
Investors Put in Rs 1 Lakh Crore in Mutual Fund Schemes in August
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 09, 2014 13:37 (IST)
DLF Falls 3%, Real Estate Stocks Under Pressure
New Delhi:
Investors have pumped in over Rs 1 lakh crore in various mutual fund schemes in August, making it the second consecutive monthly inflow.
As per the latest data available with the Securities and Exchange Board of India, investors have put in Rs 1,00,181 crore in mutual fund schemes (MF) last month after pouring in a staggering Rs 1,13,216 crore in July.
Prior to that, there was an outflow of Rs 59,726 crore in June.
At gross level, MFs mobilised Rs 43.67 lakh crore in August, while there were redemptions worth Rs 42.67 lakh crore as well. This resulted in a net inflow of over Rs 1 lakh crore.
This significant level of funds mobilisation has also led to increase in the total assets under management of MFs that surged to Rs 10.12 lakh crore as on August 31, from Rs 10.06 lakh crore in the previous month.
According to market analysts, investors have put in most of the money in equity mutual fund and equity-linked savings schemes.
MF is an investment vehicle that pools funds from many investors for investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
The strong inflow in MF schemes coincided with a gain in BSE's benchmark Sensex by around three per cent last month.
Overall, during the current financial year so far (April-August), MF on a net basis have mobilised around Rs 3 lakh crore as compared to Rs 53,783 crore garnered in the entire 2013-14 fiscal.
Story first published on: September 09, 2014 13:37 (IST)

Another day of clouds and drizzle before sun and warmth returnComments
By Rick Grow September 9
9:35 a.m. update: Radar shows rain WELL to the east and southeast of the D.C. area towards the southern Delmarva. Today may well end up dry although some short-term modeling suggests some widely scattered sprinkles and showers could develop…so not the worst idea to keep an umbrella at the ready.
Today’s Daily Digit
A somewhat subjective rating of the day’s weather, on a scale of 1 to 10.
4
Damp and showery at times, just like Monday. Southern and eastern ‘burbs can subtract 1.
Express Forecast
Today: Mostly cloudy, intermittent showers/sprinkles. Steadier rain south & east. Highs: 73-78.
Tonight: Periodic showers/sprinkles continue. Lows: 60-65.
Tomorrow: Lingering a.m. showers/sprinkles possible; partly cloudy, dry afternoon. Highs: 78-83.
FORECAST IN DETAIL
Radar & lightning: Latest D.C. area radar shows movement of precipitation and lightning strikes over past two hours. Refresh page to update. Click here or on image to enlarge. Or see radar bigger on our Weather Wall .
It’s another dreary, damp and, at times, showery day (or at least sprinkly). More persistent and somewhat heavier showers should affect the southern and eastern suburbs – much like Monday – though intermittent bouts of light rain and/or sprinkles are in the forecast north and west of town. Rain and drizzle chances continue tonight and remain elevated (slightly) through Wednesday morning, with partial clearing unfolding during the afternoon from west to east. It turns warmer Wednesday, but we see summer-like temperatures and humidity levels on Thursday along with a solid chance of showers and storms. Bona fide October-like weather quickly rushes in for the weekend.
Today (Tuesday): Some of us will wake up to showers, most likely east and south of the District. In other parts of the area, skies start off mostly cloudy and remain obscured by clouds for much of the day, though a few peeks of sun could be seen, most likely north and west. Showers and/or sprinkles may fall intermittently throughout the morning and afternoon across the northern and western suburbs, with rainfall amounts ranging from a few hundredths of an inch to 0.20” (at most) inside the Beltway. These showers will tend to be more frequent and heavier over the eastern and southern ‘burbs, where amounts may average in the 0.10” to 0.30” range. Highs remain below normal in the mid- to upper 70s with winds from the northeast at 10-15 mph. Confidence : Medium-High
sunset Monday evening
from the Manassas Battlefield Park (Kevin Ambrose)
Tonight: Shower chances (20-30% in DC, north and west; and 30-40% south and east) remain in the forecast during the evening and through the overnight hours, with, again, more frequent showers expected in the southern and eastern suburbs. Lows are mild, or near 60 across the outlying areas and closer to 65 inside the Beltway. Winds will be 5-10 mph from the northeast. Confidence: Medium-High
For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock . Keep reading for the forecast through the weekend…
Tomorrow (Wednesday): Light showers may linger into the a.m. commute over the southern and eastern suburbs, but the District and points north and west should be dry for rush hour. Skies will remain overcast longest over the south and east, with a few peeks of sun likely developing over the north and west later in the morning. Partly cloudy skies are expected for the afternoon across all of the region, and highs will reach 80 or a bit warmer (low 80s). Winds will eventually become southeast at 5-10 mph. Confidence: Medium-High
Tomorrow night: A warmer day also means a warmer night, with lows near 70 downtown and in the mid-60s across the suburbs. Skies remain partly cloudy and winds will blow from the south at around 5 mph. Confidence: Medium-High
A LOOK AHEAD
We get another taste of summer on Thursday as a southerly breeze takes control ahead of a cold front. Partly sunny conditions will help boost afternoon highs into the 85-90 range and it will be humid, to boot. The warmth and humidity, along with the approaching front, should fuel showers and storms, with an arrival time in the late afternoon north and west and in the early evening downtown (though the timing could change). Scattered showers and storms clear most of the region by late evening, and the front will clear the area. Confidence: Medium
It turns much cooler and less humid on Friday behind the front, with mostly sunny skies overhead. Highs aim for the mid-70s across much of the region. Confidence: Medium
An October-like air mass takes hold of the region this weekend, as highs only reach the upper 60s to near 70 after morning lows near 50 in the suburbs and in the mid-50s downtown (with mid-upper 40s possible in the typically cooler spots). It should be partly-to-mostly sunny on both days. Confidence: Medium

How to give your child a head startHi Guest
How to give your child a head start
The hard truth is that unless you start investing for your children in advance, in appropriate investment avenues, you are risking their future aspirations, Nimesh Shah.Parents always want the best for their children - a good education, a grand wedding and a secure future - but best things in life come at a price. Today, private schooling, engineering or MBA from renowned institutions could run into lakhs. If you have not saved for your child’s future, either you would exhaust your ...

Gold at three-month low on global cues  weak demandHi Guest
Gold at three-month low on global cues, weak demand
Extending losses for the eighth straight day, gold prices tumbled to trade at a three-month low of Rs 27,600 per ten gram by falling Rs 150 in the national capital today on sustained selling by stockists amid a weakening global trend. Silver also eased by Rs 175 to Rs 41,900 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.  Traders said sentiment remained bearish after gold and silver fell in global markets as the dollar's rally to a 13-month high dampened demand for the precious ...

Sterling holds near 10-month lowsStocks lower on Fed outlook fears
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fc781818-37ce-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Youth Congress launches  100 Days Modi Fail  agitationSep 09, 2014 at 02:27pm IST
Youth Congress launches '100 Days Modi Fail' agitation
21
0
New Delhi: Youth Congress on Tuesday launched protests against the NDA at various places in the national capital over its alleged failure in meeting the poll promises, during the first 100 days of the government.
The agitation named "100 Days Modi Fail" seeks to "expose" the "gap" between the promises made by the Modi government and its actual achievements, Youth Congress President Rajiv Satav said.
The Youth Congress workers staged demonstrations outside the resident of Home Minister Rajnath Singh, Krishi Bhawan Rail Bhawan and other places. Satav said that the protests will continue for two more days.
"We had earlier sought a permission to hold a protest at Jantar Mantar 20 days ago, which was denied," Satav said.
#congress #youth congress #nda #bjp
"We had earlier sought a permission to hold a protest at Jantar Mantar 20 days ago, which was denied," Satav said.
The Youth Congress has also created a hashtag on Twitter "#100DaysModiFails" on which they seek to give a blow-by-blow account of the agitation.
"We condemn the #Lathicharge on #Youth Congress peaceful agitation at #Railbhawan. Hundreds of workers injured," the Youth Congress said on its Twitter handle.
Thorough the tweet "IYC exposes under-delivery of ModiSarkar. 100days-100 ceasefire violations! Modi's solution-a part time defence min!", the Youth Congress attacked the Modi government over its defence policy.
In other tweets, they said, "Youth congress protesters arrested on their way to protest outside Rajnath's house. Taken to parliament st police station Outside residence of Rajnath Singh, Krishi Bhawan and Rail Bhawan."
The protest by the Youth Congress workers come days after a war of words in the AICC between young AICC secretaries and seniors with the former "ruing" that the elders are not doing enough in attacking the BJP government and instead giving media statements blaming party leadership.
12

Hot inside the Beltway -- but not beyond: Why immigration isnt gaining midterm tractionBy Reid Wilson September 9 Follow @postreid
Rep. Mike Coffman (R-Colo.) speaks after winning reelection on Nov. 6, 2012. (David Zalubowski/AP)
CENTENNIAL, Colo. — Rep. Mike Coffman (R) spends most of his days campaigning furiously across his suburban Denver district, which both Democrats and Republicans view as one of the most competitive House races in the country. But on Saturday nights, from 7 to 9 p.m., the retired Marine and former Secretary of State first elected to Congress in 2008 takes a break from campaigning to learn Spanish. His goal is to be fluent, or nearly fluent, by the time he sits down with his opponent, former state House Speaker Andrew Romanoff (D), for a debate on Univision on Oct. 30.
Coffman is one of the handful of Republicans in the House of Representatives who supports comprehensive immigration reform, campaigning in one of the few areas this cycle where a conservative congressional candidate might expect to encounter grassroots pro-reform pressure. He has spent a considerable amount of time in Hispanic marketplaces and bodegas in his district, where the Latino community has grown dramatically as housing prices in nearby Denver increase.
Political observers in Washington constantly call immigration reform essential to the future of the Republican Party, especially in districts like Coffman’s and in states like Colorado, where Hispanics make up about 21 percent of the population.
But the reality on the ground has played out differently in this midterm cycle, even in a district where the issue might be expected to resonate: Both Coffman and Romanoff say their constituents, even in the Hispanic community, are much more likely to raise concerns about the economy or the cost of living than about immigration reform.
Instead, the hot-button issue Congress has debated for the last 18 months is increasingly becoming a hot potato. The crisis on the Southern border has heightened awareness of immigration issues and sparked heated passions on both sides — passions that present dangers to anyone who takes a concrete position.
“I think it’s problematic for both sides,” Coffman said of the immigration reform debate while he worked as a guest cashier at a local 7-Eleven. “I think on the left, there’s a problem with Harry Reid saying it’s all or nothing and that he’s not going to allow a step-by-step approach. On the House side, I think there’s some colleagues of mine that don’t want to do anything outside of border security. To me, there’s got to be a path down the middle.”
In an interview, Romanoff said the only time he hears about immigration reform is when voters complain that Congress isn’t doing its job. “Immigration reform, or its absence, comes up a lot as an example of inaction,” he said. “Congress is just completely disconnected with the rest of us.”
Neither candidate is likely to make immigration reform a centerpiece of their paid advertising strategy, for fear of ginning up their opponent’s base. But calling a Democrat soft on border control remains a potent attack for Republicans, and highlighting Republican inaction and opposition to measures like the DREAM Act energize Hispanic and Democratic voters, according to pollsters and strategists on both sides of the debate.
“Republican opposition energizes the Democratic and Latino vote base. The belief that Democrats won’t secure the borders helps persuade white independents, especially men, to vote Republican,” said one Democratic Party operative, who asked for anonymity to assess the issue objectively. “For a while, people only believed [immigration reform] helped Democrats, but that was never the case.”
Only a small handful of campaigns anywhere in the country, most notably that of former Sen. Scott Brown (R) in New Hampshire, are using immigration as an avenue of attack. Party strategists on both sides say the crisis at the border has heightened tensions within the electorate and introduced an element of uncertainty they would just as soon avoid. Both Democrats and Republicans express relief that President Obama decided to delay executive action on immigration until after the midterm elections.
“Immigration had the likelihood of popping in the President had taken executive action on the issue,” said Jon McHenry, a Republican pollster. “Executive action would have been dismissed out of hand as anything from a cynical political ploy to an unconstitutional power grab.”
Public polls bear those sentiments out. The number of Americans who said immigration was the most important problem facing the country today has jumped from 3 percent in May, when the scope of the border crisis was only beginning to emerge, to 15 percent in August, when news from the border dominated front pages across the country, according to Gallup polls.
The public wants action eventually, though what action would win the most support is unclear. In a Washington Post/ABC News survey released this week, 52 percent of adults said President Obama should take executive action on immigration if Congress fails to act. But the public is split on whether to allow undocumented immigrants to live and work legally in the U.S.: 46 percent favored the right, while 50 percent said they should not be allowed to stay, the Post poll showed. And just 31 percent of Americans approve of President Obama’s handling of immigration reform, the lowest level of support ever measured during his presidency.
“The border crisis has resonated more with Republicans than with others, and border security became a bigger priority,” said Mark Hugo Lopez, director of Hispanic Research at the Pew Research Center. Still, he said: “It is not the dominant issue” at the forefront of the electorate’s mind.
Even among Hispanics, other issues are more likely to take precedence. “I don’t think that immigration is the only issue that is important to the Latino community,” said Christine Alonzo, executive director of the Colorado Latino Leadership, Advocacy and Research Organization, which is helping register Hispanic voters in and around Aurora. “The economy and jobs and affordable housing are very important.”
Still, Coffman, who once pledged to continue the fight of his predecessor, hardliner former Rep. Tom Tancredo (R), against what he called “amnesty,” has softened his stance. Last year, he introduced a measure that would allow undocumented immigrants to serve in the military, and to gain lawful status for their service.
While such a position would be dangerous in a national Republican primary, in which the base favors an enforcement-only approach, Coffman has not taken heat from his GOP constituents in the Denver suburbs.
“There is a growing number of Republicans who recognize the need for immigration reform to make the system work,” said Frank McNulty, a Republican state legislator who represents part of Coffman’s district. “As that group grows, the issue becomes more mainstream in the Republican Party.”
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

Five no-frills airports  facilitating low-cost ops  to come up in four statesArunachal Pradesh
(The airports would come…)
NEW DELHI: The first five no-frills airports would come up in four states and the work would begin in the next six months.
The airports, which have been shortlisted from 50 cities and towns in remote areas and various unconnected regions across the country, would come up at Tezu ( Arunachal Pradesh ), Kishangarh ( Rajasthan ), Jharsuguda ( Odisha ), Hubli and Belgaum ( Karnataka ), Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju told reporters here today.
"Airports Authority of India (AAI) has developed a no- frills model airport which will provide essential services needed to operationalise the airports, without in any way compromising safety and security.
"This will result in low cost of operation and make it viable for the airlines to run their services," he said, adding that AAI was "committed to commencing work in this financial year at the five locations".
Raju said a draft policy on remote and regional connectivity has also been evolved, which would aim at granting various concessions and incentives to airlines to fly to such areas.
"It is proposed to create a framework which enables synergy between scheduled airlines, regional carriers and non- scheduled airlines for better penetration and connectivity," he said.
The minister said a "conscious effort" was being made to develop routes to unserved and under-served airports and the draft policy was being discussed with all stakeholders, including airlines and airport operators.
Aiming at giving a boost to the air cargo and MRO (Maintenance, Repair, Overhaul) sectors, the ministry was consulting stakeholders and experts to finalise policy guidelines and take other measures like tax concessions and regulatory steps in this regard, Raju said.
For facilitating cargo transportation, off-airport facilities were being created to handle export and import of goods away from the cargo terminals, he said.
Among other issues relating to aviation infrastructure, he said a new terminal would come up at Port Blair airport at a cost of Rs 374 crore, while sophisticated air navigation facilities were being installed in Mumbai and Kolkata airports to enhance radar coverage on huge airspace in these regions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Planning Commission to be turned into a monitoring & accountability panel: sources47
0
New Delhi: The decades-old Planning Commission will be turned into a monitoring and accountability panel, government sources told CNN-IBN.
This new commission will headed by the Prime Minister himself.
The panel's main role will be to supervise and monitor central and state schemes. It will be accountable to Parliament and will submit periodic reports.
This new commission will headed by the Prime Minister himself.
#planning commission #narendra modi #pm #bjp
The sources further added that the employees currently working under the Planning Commission will be drastically cut short.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi declared on Independence Day that the government has decided to scrap the Planning Commission and replace it with a new institution to address the emerging economic needs and strengthen federal structure.
12

Matt Williams pulls string in Mondays win and players adjustBy James Wagner September 9 Follow @jameswagnerwp
In Monday’s 2-1 win over the Braves, Nationals Manager Matt Williams turned to his lineup card often. He used two catchers, a move needed after he pinch ran for Wilson Ramos in a crucial spot. In the eighth inning, he used three relievers in a spot normally solely occupied by Tyler Clippard.
With the benefit of an expanded roster, Williams managed Monday’s game, and has done the same in other instances, with a keen eye for taking advantage of match-ups. Against the Braves, that meant taking Ramos out of the game in the seventh inning and Clippard out of the eighth with two outs.
Both players wanted to stay in the game but, ultimately, had to put aside their competitive fire for the greater benefit of the team. Around this time of the season, and especially in the playoffs, expect this type of maneuvering.
Williams’ first move came in the seventh inning. After he paid Doug Fister a mound visit in the top of the inning and left him in, Williams had a decision to make in the bottom of the inning. Ramos led off with a single and moved to third base on Asdrubal Cabrera’s single. After pinch hitter Nate Schierholtz grounded out and the Braves opted to intentionally walk Denard Span to load the bases, Williams pinch ran speedy Jeff Kobernus for Ramos.
“We have second and third nobody out and we’re not going on a grounder there, anyway,” Williams said. “We’re gonna make the ball be through. We’re making sure it’s deep enough to score Willy. If not, then we’re gonna pinch-run with one out in case of a short fly ball. Koby has got great speed. He can make it. So we want to make sure we get that run. They decided to walk Denard and face Anthony, but if there’s a short fly ball there, we want to be able to score. So that’s why we made the move.”
Kobernus scored on Rendon’s groundout and the Nationals took a two-run lead, which proved critical in the end. After the game, Ramos said he understood Williams’ reasoning.
“I think he was waiting for a sacrifice fly or something like that,” he said. “It’s hard for me. I get a little bit mad to me, because I want to finish my game. But it’s baseball. We have to play together. This is one team, and we have to play together and try to win. I understand and I respect the decision of my manager.”
An inning later, Williams against pulled some strings to get three outs. Clippard began the inning, as is normal when the Nationals have a narrow lead. Clippard gave up a one-out double to Ryan Doumit, a ball that Jayson Werth nearly caught in the right field corner but couldn’t hold on to while sliding. Clippard then walked Jason Heyward and struck out pinch hitter Ramiro Pena.
Up came the Braves’ best all-around hitter, left-handed Freddie Freeman. Clippard entered the game with a 2.01 ERA and has held left-handed batters to a .248 average this season. But Williams took Clippard out of the game because Freeman is 5 for 14 with a homer against him. Instead, he brought Matt Thornton in to face Freeman, who singled in the Braves’ lone run. Craig Stammen then got the inning’s final out by getting Justin Upton to pop out.
“Freddie has some pretty good success against Clip, especially this year,” Williams said. “He sees him well and we wanted to get Matt in there. Matt has faced him one other time. Freddie’s got a couple of hits, but I wanted to give him a different look. He’s got a lot of at-bats against Clip, not so many against Matt. So we decided to go with the match-up.”
Clippard looked upset as he walked off the mound and, after the game, was seen walking out of Williams’ office.
“The eighth inning’s my inning,” Clippard said. “Yeah I was hot, but I don’t think they have a problem with me feeling that way. Obviously I want the ball. And they know that. Matt’s got to make tough decisions and that’s the decision he made.”
Despite his competitive nature, Clippard said he understood the dilemma between personal competitiveness and the strength of other options.
“We’ve got to put our personal stuff aside, especially this late in the season, and just try to get wins,” Clippard said. “As players, we’ve just got to do our job when we can and if he takes the ball from us, he takes the ball from us. I don’t think he has any problem with the way I was throwing the ball. I mean, he shouldn’t. But it is what it is.”
Stammen, too, was put in a different position on Monday. He normally pitches at least a full inning or more. He faced only one batter in a crucial spot, an important role he relishes. He had warmed up in the previous two innings but knew he could be used whenever and adjusted.
“I’m sure Clip isn’t happy that he got taken out in the eighth without giving up a lead but the way [Williams] managed is the way he’s managed the last 10 or 15 games,” Stammen said. “We just gotta be ready for it in the bullpen. Our job is to do what the manager says and adapt to how he’s going to manage. That’s what we’re trying to do right now.”
FROM THE POST

The best new real estate in New York just opened up onlineBees.nyc
A vast new stretch of digital real estate opened on Monday in New York City, where several dozen local businesses, non-profits and institutions went live online with enviable new dot-nyc Web sites. The early settlers include a savvy local photographer ( casey.nyc ), a beekeeping association ( bees.nyc ), a renowned jazz club ( birdland.nyc ), a university ( pace.nyc ), and the city's current first lady ( flo.nyc ).
The land rush to New York's new generic top-level domain name — made possible by a massive new expansion beyond the Internet's old dot-com, dot-org suffixes — underscores how much a physical address in the city still matters in an increasingly digital world. To qualify for one of the new URLs, locals, businesses and organizations must prove they have an actual address within the five boroughs (the .nyc online addresses, according to the city's application Web site, are "reserved exclusively for true New Yorkers" ).
You can't have pizza.nyc just for selling New York-style pizza in suburban Connecticut. You can't live in the city's corner of the Internet if you don't pay actual rent in the real one.
New York is the first American city to take advantage of the municipal possibilities in the new digital expansion and officially register for dot-nyc with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or ICANN, a non-profit that manages the Internet's domain names (the application fee: $185,000). Berlin , London, Vegas and Miami also quickly lined up, although none of those cities translates quite as elegantly into a web appendage.
For cities and their residents, the idea opens up new revenue sources for local government and all kinds of new branding opportunities, making generic top level domains the online equivalent of area codes. In New York, the city will get a cut of each registration. A private company, Neustar, is managing the registry. Through a "landrush period" ending Oct. 3, locals can try to grab their preferred domain. Multiple people laying claim to the same URL will enter an auction. As of Oct. 8, domains will open up on a first-come, first-served basis, with registration costing $20 a year. The batch of several dozen websites unveiled Monday represents a kind of soft launch for the program.
Some points of tension in New York and elsewhere will be inevitable: What does ICANN do with two Portlands? What should a city do with controversial brands vying for semi-official domain names? Will consumers come to confuse the URLs — and the content they contain — with government-sanctioned websites? And, surely, there will be some squatters.
The idea won't work everywhere. dot-chattanooga is a mouthful. Tulsa isn't particularly a brand. Companies based in Newark may not want to draw attention to that fact. For some international cities, though — the places that tend to have coveted real-life real estate — their very own domain name could be a boon. Provided, that is, that they can manage thousands of competing demands for the city's imprimatur.
Emily Badger is a reporter for Wonkblog covering urban policy. She was previously a staff writer at The Atlantic Cities.

Love  and  jihad  are  paak lafz   shouldn t be misused: Azam Khan15
0
Rampur (UP): Attacking the Bharatiya Janata Party over the issue of 'love jihad', senior Uttar Pradesh minister Azam Khan has said that both 'love' and 'jihad' are "paak lafz" (pure words) and should not be misused to vitiate the atmosphere.
Talking to reporters on Monday, the senior Samajwadi Party leader said, "Both the words, 'love' and 'jihad', are paak lafz... And should not be misused..."
Khan said those who are misusing the words to create division between communities should be punished as per law.
Khan said those who are misusing the words to create division between communities should be punished as per law.
#azam khan #love jihad #uttar pradesh #samajwadi party
He said, "125 crore Indians cannot be held responsible if several hundred people indulge in exploitation of the two words."
The UP minister also hit out at BJP MP Yogi Aditya Nath for his controversial remarks on inter-community marriage.
5

NASA to turn ISS into perfect Earth-observing platformNASA to turn ISS into perfect Earth-observing platform
PTI
NASA International Space Station
Washington, Sept 9:  
In a move to monitor our planet better, NASA is adding a number of Earth-observing instruments to the International Space Station (ISS) that will increase the leverage of the orbital laboratory’s unique vantage point in space.
The launch of a NASA ocean winds sensor to the ISS this month inaugurates a new era of Earth observation, NASA said.
Before the end of the decade, six NASA Earth science instruments will be mounted to the station to help scientists study our changing planet.
The first NASA Earth-observing instrument to be mounted on the exterior of the space station will launch from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, earlier than September 19.
ISS-RapidScat will monitor ocean winds for climate research, weather predictions and hurricane monitoring from the space station, NASA said.
The second instrument is the Cloud-Aerosol Transport System (CATS), a laser instrument that will measure clouds and the location and distribution of airborne particles such as pollution, mineral dust, smoke, and other particulates in the atmosphere.
CATS will follow ISS-RapidScat on the fifth SpaceX space station resupply flight, planned for December.
“We’re seeing the space station come into its own as an Earth-observing platform,” said Julie Robinson, chief scientist for the International Space Station Programme at NASA’s Johnson Space Centre in Houston.
“It has a different orbit than other Earth remote sensing platforms. It’s closer to Earth, and it sees Earth at different times of day with a different schedule. That offers opportunities that complement other Earth-sensing instruments in orbit today,” said Robinson.
The space station-based instruments join a fleet of 17 NASA Earth-observing missions currently providing data on the dynamic and complex Earth system.
ISS-RapidScat and CATS follow the February launch of the Global Precipitation Measurement Core Observatory, a joint mission with the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency.
Most of the agency’s free-flying, Earth-observing satellites orbit the planet over the poles at altitudes higher than 400 miles in order to gather data from all parts of the planet.
Although the space station does not pass over Earth’s polar regions, its 240-mile-high orbit does offer logistical and scientific advantages.
“With the space station we don’t have to build a spacecraft to gather new data — it’s already there,” said Stephen Volz, associate director of flight programmes in the Earth Science Division at NASA Headquarters in Washington.
Two additional NASA Earth science instruments are scheduled to launch to the station in 2016.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

William Grant & Sons buys Drambuie whisky brandHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
William Grant & Sons buys Drambuie whisky brand
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 9:  
Premium liquor firm William Grant & Sons on Tuesday said it has acquired the Drambuie Liqueur Company Ltd for an undisclosed sum.
“We have a passion and a reputation for nurturing and building brands. Drambuie is a natural fit for our portfolio,” William Grant & Sons’ Chief Executive, Stella David said.
With this acquisition the company will be in a position to start to re-engage with existing drinkers and to connect the brand with an entirely new generation of consumers, he said.
“We believe that Drambuie can truly achieve its potential as it will benefit from being part of a larger and more diverse organisation. I look forward to working with the William Grant & Son’s team as we smoothly integrate the acquisition and help realise the benefits for both companies,” Drambuie’s CEO, Michael Kennedy said.
William Grant & Sons’ brand portfolio includes Glenfiddich and The Balvenie single malt Scotch whiskies, Tullamore D.E.W. Irish whiskey, Grant’s blended Scotch whisky, Hendrick’s gin and Sailor Jerry spiced rum.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Xiaomi Redmi 1S goes out of stock in 4.5 sec...Xiaomi Redmi 1S goes out of stock in 4.5 seconds
ET Bureau Sep 9, 2014, 06.07PM IST
Tags:
android
(The Flipkart Redmi 1S page…)
NEW DELHI: Xiaomi Tuesday sold 40,000 units of the entry-level Redmi 1S smartphone in just 4.5 seconds in the second flash sale for the product, the company's vice president of international operations, Hugo Barra said on Twitter .
An estimated over 300,000 people had registered for getting a Redmi 1S device in the second flash sale. The company, however, had given 500 Redmi 1S Priority Pass, wherein it added the device in to the carts of select users.
Buyers of the first flash sale of Xiaomi Redmi 1S though haven't received their device yet. Flipkart is taking 12-14 days to deliver the device.
Xiaomi is also providing complimentary micro-SIM card adapter and a screen protector along with the Redmi 1S free of charge. The company, on its Facebook page, said that the accessories will be shipped separately free of charge in two to four additional business days.
The Flipkart Redmi 1S page says that the third flash sale will take place on September 16, registrations for which will open at 6 PM today.
The Redmi 1S features a 4.7-inch 1280 x 720 (HD) IPS display and is powered by a 1.6 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor with Cortex-A7 core and 1 GB RAM.
It comes with 8GB internal flash memory with external microSD slot that supports up to 64 GB. TheRedmi 1S is a dual SIM (3G+2G) smartphone and comes equipped with 8MP rear camera and a front 1.6MP camera.
Priced at Rs 5,999, the Redmi 1S competes with the likes of Moto E and Asus Zen Phone4 in the country.
In addition, Android One smartphones, being backed by Micromax, Karbonn and Spice, are also expected to compete with Xiaomi's entry level device, once they hit the market.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Flipkart launches in-house home appliances b...(Flipkart houses private…)
BANGALORE: Homegrown e-tailer Flipkart today launched its in-house home appliances and personal healthcare brand - Citron.
The label includes a wide range of cooking utilities and grooming products. It is the third private label to be introduced by the e-commerce marketplace, Flipkart said.
It said the product range includes Citron electric kettles, sandwich makers, hand blenders and pop-up toasters.
The personal healthcare category has Citron shavers and trimmers, hair straighteners and dryers, it said in a release.
"The launch of Citron is our next step in expanding the private labels offering at Flipkart. This enables us to offer our customers quality products at a great value for yet another category after lifestyle and tablets," Kalyan Krishnamurthy , SVP - Retail at Flipkart.
"In the next three months, we will expand into selling various other products such as irons, induction cooktops, juicers, mixers etc," he added.
Flipkart said while the home appliances products are priced between Rs 500 and Rs 999, the personal healthcare products are priced between Rs 549 and Rs 949.
With this launch, Flipkart now houses private brands in four of the industry fledging categories - Flippd in apparels, Digiflip in consumer electronics and now Citron in home appliances and personal healthcare, the release pointed out.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SC reserves order on fate of 218 illegal coal blocksSep 09, 2014, 06.25 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
SC reserves order on fate of 218 illegal coal blocks
The government at the hearing on September 1, left it to the apex court to decide the fate of these coal blocks, held as illegal by it, while stating that about 40 blocks are operational and another six are ready to produce 50 million tonnes coal in the current year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SC reserves order on fate of 218 illegal coal blocks
The government at the hearing on September 1, left it to the apex court to decide the fate of these coal blocks, held as illegal by it, while stating that about 40 blocks are operational and another six are ready to produce 50 million tonnes coal in the current year.
Post your opinion here
06:00 pm
The Supreme Court has reserved its order in the coal block allocation case and has also refrained from giving any specific date to pass the order. The apex court heard the final arguments today to determine the fate of 218 coal blocks awarded since 1993 which it has termed as "illegal" and "unconstitutional."
The apex court heard the final arguments today to determine the fate of 218 coal blocks awarded since 1993 which it has termed as " illegal" and "unconstitutional ".
Power and coal producers asked the court to set up a judicial committee to review the coal blocks on a case-by-case basis before scrapping them. But the government is opposed to this idea as it will lead to further delay.
Coal and power minister Piyush Goyal said just two days back that the government wants closure and not any further delays.
While there isn’t much clarity on the issue of when the order might come, but it would be at the same time. September 27 will be an important date as that is when Chief Justice Lodha will be retiring.
The government also made its case to save 40 out of these 218 blocks that are currently operational. Power and coal producers asked the court to set up a Judicial Committee to review the coal blocks on a case-by-case basis before scrapping them, but the apex court is not in favour of doing the same. The court said it does not want to go through the long drawn process of appointing a judicial panel.
The government at the hearing on September 1, left it to the apex court to decide the fate of these coal blocks, held as illegal by it, while stating that about 40 blocks are operational and another six are ready to produce 50 million tonnes coal in the current year.
The affidavit filed by the Ministry of Coal incorporated the statements made by the Attorney General Mukul Rohtagi on September 1 that the Centre has "no objection" to the cancellation of allocations declared as illegal by the apex court and was also not insisting on any particular course of action.
The ministry placed before it the gist of information about mining lease, commencement of production and linked End-Use Production (EUP) investment received from allocatees of these 40 productional coal mines and six on verge of production. Out of 40 functional mines, two are allocated to an Ultra Mega Power Project (UMPP), which has not been declared as illegal by August 25 judgement, it said.
RELATED NEWS

Zenith Healthcare: e-voting for AGMSep 09, 2014, 06.01 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Zenith Healthcare: e-voting for AGM
Zenith Healthcare has informed regarding e-voting for Annual General Meeting.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Zenith Healthcare: e-voting for AGM
Zenith Healthcare has informed regarding e-voting for Annual General Meeting.
Post your opinion here

Saradha scam: CBI arrests former WB DGP Rajat Majumder10
0
Kolkata: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Tuesday arrested former Director General of Police of West Bengal Rajat Majumder in the multi-crore Saradha chit-fund case.
Majumdar is said to have close links to Saradha Group CMD Sudipta Sen, who is behind bars.
Majumdar, who had worked as Director General (Armed Police) in West Bengal, was allegedly associated with Saradha Group, which has been accused of duping thousands of investors with crore of rupees, official sources said.
He was arrested by the CBI today. Majumdar, who has been denying allegations against him, will be produced before a designated court here, they said.
The CBI has registered four FIRs against Saradha Group in the chit fund scam.
The Supreme Court had handed over the Saradha chit fund scam probe to the CBI and asked the state governments to provide all logistical help to the agency's team investigating the matter.
The CBI has formed a Special Investigating Team (SIT) headed by Joint Director Rajiv Singh also probe the role of some officials of  Securities Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and RBI, the sources said.
(With additional information from PTI)
19

J&K floods: Over 42 000 people evacuated  lakhs still stranded5
0
Srinagar: More than 47,000 people have been evacuated in flood-ravaged Jammu and Kashmir which has witnessed its worst floods in six decades. Nearly 200 people have lost their lives and lakhs have been stranded in the floods, landslides and house collapses triggered by torrential monsoon rains since September 2.
The Army, Indian Air Force, National Disaster Relief Force and Jammu and Kashmir Police have been working round the clock to rescue every one and said that 'Megh Rahat' operation will continue till all the victims are pulled out.
The Centre has asked the state government to prepare a list of all those rescued and put it up on the state government website.
#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #floods #rescue operation
Authorities were also trying to fix the telecommunication links snapped since Sunday afternoon on a war footing and hope to restore it in a phased manner.
"The big problem that is hampering rescue activities in the Valley is that telecom links have become dysfunctional... The Department of Telecommunications (DoT) is trying its best to restore the links quickly," an official said.
Officials said shortage of boats was also affecting rescue operations.
A total of 61 IAF choppers and transport aircraft undertook 354 sorties non-stop overnight to carry men and relief material to submerged parts of the Valley where about one lakh troops were engaged in the rescue operations, Defence Spokesman Colonel SD Goswami said in Jammu.
Officials said that an estimated four lakh people were believed to be still stranded in the aftermath of the floods.
GoC 15 Corps Lieutenant General Subrata Saha said the weather condition is improving and the water level has receded in Srinagar and other towns in South Kashmir.
"The weather has cleared and the intensity of the helicopter operations has picked up. In Srinagar, the water level has receded by 1.5 to 3 feet at some places but we are noticing an increase in water level on the northern side," he said.
The water level in Dal lake was also steadily rising.
TV footage showed overflowing flood waters from Dal lake having entered the ground around Hazratbal shrine complex.
"A massive rescue and relief operations by the Indian Armed Forces, IAS and NDRF is on in Jammu and Kashmir with more helicopters and rescue materials including boats pressed into service today", the Defence Spokesman said.
"Armed Forces and NDRF so far rescued 42,587 persons in different regions of J&K," he said, adding that about one lakh troops were involved in the operations.
Though 110 Army boats and 148 NDRF's inflatable boats were pressed into service, there were complaints of shortage of boats. More boats were also being airlifted from Delhi.
"We need boats. How can we pull the elderly and children to safety from the marooned areas?," an anguished flood survivor said.
"We are facing a shortage of boats for rescuing people from inundated areas," a state government official said.
BSNL has launched an operation on a war-footing with Army and IAF to restore mobile services through satellite network and the telecom network is expected to be partially restored today, officials said.
(With additional information from PTI)

Poonch: Army constructs make-shift bridges to restore road linksSelf-styled godman Baba Rampal supporters protest in Delhi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Wall St. to keep eye on McDonald s  AppleWall Street to slip at open on global growth worries
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set to open lower on Thursday amid concerns over global growth following weak business data out of the euro zone and a loss of momentum in Chinese factories.
8
Euro zone business is growing at a slower pace than any forecaster expected this month and new orders have fallen for the first time in more than a year, while output in China's factory sector contracted for the first time in six months.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
Futures are "basically following European markets lower," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at Rockwell Global Capital in New York.
"This type of action continues to suggest the market is consolidating and taking somewhat of a breather before heading higher towards year-end," said Cardillo.
S&P 500 e-mini futures  were down 10 points and fair value, a formula that evaluates pricing by taking into account interest rates, dividends and time to expiration on the contract, indicated a lower open. Dow Jones industrial average e-mini futures <1YMc1> fell 85 points and Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures  lost 19 points.
U.S. consumer prices were unexpectedly flat in October though underlying inflation pressures were starting to push higher, while new claims for unemployment benefits fell less than expected last week but continued to point to a strengthening labor market.
Markit's manufacturing PMI is due at 9:45 a.m. EST (1445 GMT) and home resales and the Philadelphia Fed business index at 10:00 a.m. (1500 GMT).
GoPro  shares fell 6.8 percent to $73.70 in premarket trading after a follow-on-offering of 10.4 million shares priced at $75 per share, a 5.2 percent discount to Wednesday's $79.09 close.
Best Buy  added 6 percent in premarket trading after posting revenue that beat analyst expectations.
(Editing by Bernadette Baum)

ABB India shares end over 3% higherThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Shilpa Shettys romantic message on hubbysbirthdayThe actress-businesswoman married Raj in 2009. They have a son named Viaan Raj Kundra.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 9, 2014 6:17 pm
Shilpa Shetty seemed to be in a romantic mood when she wished her husband and businessman Raj Kundra on his birthday Tuesday via Twitter.
“Happy Birthday my Soulmate and Hero @therajkundra. Can’t thank ure parents enuf fr giving birth to you. Loooovveee uuu:) muaaah (sic),” Shilpa tweeted.
The actress-businesswoman married Raj in 2009. They have a son named Viaan Raj Kundra.

Handicapping the fight for the Senate majority  in 61 secondsBy Chris Cillizza September 9 Follow @thefix
The only question anyone is asking with 55 days left before election day is which party will control the Senate in 2015.  The answer is, probably, the Republicans.   I explain why -- in one minute! -- below .
Eight weeks out from Election Day, Chris Cillizza breaks down where each party stands in the fight for control of the Senate. Hint: It's very close. (Jeff Simon/The Washington Post)
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix,” a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House.

Water main break closes lanes on Baltimore Avenue in BeltsvilleBy Victoria St. Martin September 9 Follow @VStMartin
A water main break in Beltsville closed lanes in a section of Baltimore Avenue on Tuesday morning, a Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission spokeswoman said.
Ayoka Blandford, a commission spokeswoman, said one northbound lane and one southbound lane of traffic is getting by between Montgomery and Ewing roads while crews work on repairs.
Blandford said the 30-inch water main broke Monday afternoon, leaving 25 customers without service.
She said repairs were delayed Tuesday morning after crews encountered issues involving water pressure on one valve and were forced to move to another.
The lane closures on Baltimore Avenue, also know as Route 1, will remain in place throughout the day, said Blandford.
Victoria St. Martin covers breaking news and Prince William County for The Post's Local desk.

Embarrassment for AAP Kumar Vishwas praises PM Narendra ModiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rupee depreciates against dollar to settle at 60.61Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Twitter abuzz with Apple launchThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Shemaroo Entertainment s Rs.120 Cr IPO To Open On Sep 16Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Agriculture Minister of Bihar calls on Union Agriculture Minister Shri Radha Mohan SinghThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian-origin fund manager in the United States sentenced to 9 years in jailThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ep 09  2014  06.32 pm ist | source: moneycontrol.com sharda crop ipo o...IPO market begins to sizzle, again
By ET Bureau | 10 Sep, 2014
MUMBAI: Is the initial public offering (IPO) market seeing signs of revival after two dismal years? That`s the question market participants are asking after the share sale of Sharda Cropchem, the second IPO since the new government took over in May, received huge investor response with the issue getting subscribed 60 times on the last day. Last month, Snowman Logistics`s IPO, too was subscribed 60 times.
High networth and institutional investors were the top bidders in the Sharda Cropchem, the second IPO since the new government took over in May, received huge investor response with the issue getting subscribed 60 times on the last day. Last month, Snowman Logistics`s IPO, too was subscribed 60 times.

Hi raj at  good info. i think there there will be a tremendous demand ...Hello myluram66,
I do not completely agree with your view. you are comparing Apples to Oranges.
Here, we are discussing about Suven Life. It`s into Brain Microdialysis and Receptor Occupancy Services & the patents that you have mentioned are in neurodegenerative diseases.
In a layman term, one can refer to them `next generation diseases`.
Medical science - all over the world (including US, Europe, etc) is still searching for a stable & effective solution to diseases like Parkinsons, Multiple System Atrophy (MSA), Normal Pressure Hydrcephelus (MPA), Acute Depression.
Suven is into researching on & discovering drugs / chemicals for such of kind of diseases.
Moreover, just check out the company`s growth history & future guidance. also, check their debt & cash reserves.
You will get an answer that this stock is worth holding.
I don`t know about tomorrow. Te stock may go down or up or sideways. It doesn`t matter because I am a long-term investor. As per my calculations & understanding, this stock is literally going to be a multi-bagger in coming years.

Gd evng frndz... :) ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

It will reach to amazing highs ... just wait and watch.Chief of Bureau, CNBC-TV18 Mumbai
2738
Financial Markets Anchor & Research Analyst
14282
Head - Research
3047
Rupee hits 62 to dollar despite strong FII flows. Do you see the currency weakening further by end of this month?
Yes

Intex Cloud Fx Firefox phone review: Cheap cannot be good alwaysBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

ICICI Bank announces a stock split for the first timeICICI Bank goes for 1:5 stock split
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 10, 2014 12:37 AM IST
ICICI Bank, the country’s largest private-sector lender, on Tuesday announced that its board had approved the splitting of each equity share into five. This is the first time ICICI Bank has gone for a share split.
“The board has considered and approved the sub-division (split) of one equity share of the bank having a face value of Rs 10 into five equity shares of face value of Rs 2 each,” the bank said in a statement.
Though ICICI Bank did not give a reason for the stock split, companies usually split their stocks to keep prices attractive for retail investors.
The lender added each American Depository Share (ADS) of ICICI Bank would continue to represent two underlying equity shares, like at present. And, the number of ADSes held by an American Depository Receipt holder would, as a result, increase in the same proportion as the increase in the number of equity shares.
GOING LIGHT
Why companies split their shares
To keep prices attractive for retail investors
To improve their stocks’ liquidity on exchanges
High prices lead to fears of their stocks becoming inaccessible to regular investors
A wide shareholding helps by reducing the chances of sharp rise or fall in share price
Typically, banks sub-divide their shares to improve the stock’s liquidity on the exchanges.
The lender would seek shareholder’s approval for this stock split and record the date for sub-division of shares after that. On Tuesday, the lender’s shares fell 1.31 per cent from their previous close on BSE to end at Rs 1,547.70 apiece.
Earlier this year, J&K Bank had also announced a sub-division of its share in the ratio of 1:10. Axis Bank had also done so earlier.
Experts said many companies chose to go for stock splits when their share prices became very high, especially in a rising market. High prices lead to fears of stocks becoming inaccessible to regular investors, as only institutions or high-networth individuals could move the stock price. A wide shareholding helps a company by reducing the chances of sharp rise or fall in its share price.
Since the beginning of the year, 48 companies have decided to split their stocks.
A financial planner said: “Whether I hold one stock worth Rs 5,000 or 10 stocks worth Rs 500 each should not make any difference. But it does, for two reasons. One, cheaper stocks mean more people are willing to put their money in it. Two, there is an increased liquidity.” There has been a sharp spurt in trading volumes of the ICICI Bank stock.
According to financial experts, since good companies typically go for such splits, investors or traders take the cue. Even traders like stocks with higher liquidity.
Importantly, companies that have already seen sharp movements in their stock prices resort to this. This implies there is already enough investor interest in the stock. The split is only meant to keep the good mood going.

NTPC pays total dividend of Rs 4 741 cr for FY 2013-14NTPC pays total dividend of Rs 4,741 cr for FY 2013-14
BS Reporter (Shreya Jai) | New Delhi Sep 09, 2014 05:58 PM IST
NTPC Limited, country's largest thermal power producer, paid a total dividend of Rs 4,741.16 crore at 57.5% of its paid-up capital for the financial year 2013-14.
NTPC said its dividend payment is third highest among public sector undertakings and fifth highest among the listed companies and this is the 21st consecutive year that the company has paid dividend.
The RTGS (Real Time Gross Settlement) advice for the transfer of Rs 1,081.61 crore to government of India, being the share of Government of India in the final dividend, was presented by CMD, NTPC Arup Roy Choudhury to Piyush Goyal, minister of state for power, coal and new & renewable energy.
The company had paid interim dividend at 40% amounting to Rs 3,298.19 crore on February 10, 2014. Today, the company has paid the final dividend at 17.5% amounting to Rs 1,442.97 crore. NTPC Ltd. has paid dividend of Rs 3,555.25 crore to the Government of India for the financial year 2013-14.

Only 13 Percent Think Women Portrayed Accurately in AdsEmail
The head honchos at e-retailer ModCloth are continuing their quest to encourage other fashion houses to follow their lead by using “real women” in their marketing campaigns — and the results of a recent survey conducted by the company reveal they have their work cut out for them.
Last month,  ModCloth was the first company to sign onto the “Truth in Advertising Heroes Pledge,” an outgrowth of the Truth in Advertising bill, which was introduced to Congress back in March. Advertisers who sign the pledge agree that they won’t Photoshop their models, and if they do, an ad will include an annotation.
ModCloth
Women of all sizes are featured in ModCloth ads.
Now ModCloth has released their “Truth in Fashion” report, based on a survey of 1,500 women, which reveals some startling statistics.
A mere 13 percent of women agree that "real women" are accurately portrayed in the fashion industry.
Nearly half of women (47 percent) feel excluded by the fashion industry. Among plus-size women, that statistic rises to nearly two-thirds (65 percent).
62 percent think that the fashion industry is harmful to women’s body image.
ModCloth co-founder Susan Gregg Koger says the results are “not surprising, but disappointing.”
“This is why we’re taking a stand now,” Koger told TODAY.com. “This is not a one-off campaign. This is actually something women will put their dollars behind.”
As part of the Truth in Fashion movement, ModCloth also announced a call for models. They held an open casting call in New York City on Wednesday, right before the kickoff of New York Fashion Week, and Koger estimates between 200 and 300 people came in to take their photo to be considered for a spotlight on the site.
They’re also accepting submissions via social media. ModCloth fans are encouraged to take selfies and use the hashtag #FashionTruth. The hashtag already has more than 1,700 entries on Instagram. All photos with the tag will be entered into the pool of models, and each month for a whole year a different model will be spotlighted.
“It’s a way to put it out there to our community and ask ‘What is your fashion truth?’ We’re looking for people who embody the ModCloth brand and have a great sense of personal style,” Koger said. Modcloth already uses real women, not professional models, to showcase the clothing sold on the site by various independent designers. “When we talk about ‘real women,’ it’s women as they are.”
Since signing the pledge in mid-August, Koger says the response has been incredible. “Customers have been saying ‘Thank you so much for doing this.’”
According to Seth Matlins, a former ad man who was instrumental in the Truth in Advertising act, 10 more companies have made the pledge, but it has yet to attract big players, like Gap, which recently came under fire for poor body image representation.
But Koger and co. are prepared to keep pushing the industry to do better. "There’s a diversity in fashion, there’s a diversity in the customer base. There should actually be diversity in the ads as well.”
Tags:

MF assets rise by Rs 6 300 cr to Rs 10.12 lakh cr in AugustMutual fund assets rise by Rs 6,300 cr to Rs 10.12 lakh cr in August
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 9, 2014  | 11:05 IST
Photo: Reuters
The asset base of mutual fund industry rose by more than Rs 6,300 crore to Rs 10.12 lakh crore in August boosted by inflows in equity funds. Assets Under Management (AUM) of the country's 45 fund houses increased from Rs 10,06,452 crore in July to Rs 10,12,824 crore last month - up Rs 6,372 crore, according to the monthly numbers released by the Association of Mutual Funds in India.
The asset base had crossed Rs 10 lakh crore mark for the first time in May, when the markets rose after Prime Minister Narendra Modi led BJP government came to power.
The rise in AUM during August was primarily due to inflows in equity funds, which was eventually helped by a strong stock market. Besides, retail participation in equity schemes has increased significantly during the recent months.
The BSE benchmark index, Sensex , moved up by about 3 per cent in August. The equity mutual funds witnessed an inflow of Rs 5,217 crore taking the assets base to Rs 2.35 lakh crore.
Also, balanced fund saw an inflow of Rs 448 crore to take the AUM to Rs 17,293 crore. Liquid funds' AUM grew to Rs 2.45 lakh crore last month from Rs 2.44 lakh crore in July. On the other hand, income funds' asset base fell to Rs 4.61 lakh crore in August from Rs 4.71 lakh crore in the preceding month, led by outflows of Rs 12,696 crore.

Detroit seeks a vision through the blightDetroit seeks a vision through the blight
By Neil Munshi in Detroit
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2ec8d9e2-3685-11e4-85be-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Default call highlights Venezuelan weaknessVenezuela defaults on its citizens, but not its bonds
By John Paul Rathbone in London
Economist suggests Caracas bond move to share burdens
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/87458e30-3761-11e4-971c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Capitals goalie Braden Holtby gets new mask for 2014-15 seasonBy Scott Allen September 8 Follow @ScottSAllen
Custom mask painter David Gunnarsson posted photos of Capitals goalie Braden Holtby’s new mask to his Instagram on Monday.
It’s a good-looking mask, sure, but is it a top 14 mask? I ask because only one of NHL.com’s four experts ranked Holtby among the NHL’s top 14 goaltenders ,
“It’s with a great pleasure we present the latest DC mask artwork for Washington Capitals keeper Braden Holtby,” Gunnarsson wrote on Instagram. “It is inspired by the freedom of the american bald eagle. Me and Braden have been working together for many years, it is so exciting to be your painter and evolve your mask art from year to year. So proud to be your painter Braden! This new design is a continuation of Braden’s previous mask design which was a great success. A mask design in old school style totally built on the foundation of the awesome logos and uniforms of the Capitals, and inspired by the freedom of the american bald eagle. It cannot be more DC than that.”
Here’s a closer look at Holtby’s similar design from last year.
Thanks to @JapersRink .
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

Investor concerns grow over Yes victoryInvestor concerns grow as Yes gains push sterling down
By Martin Arnold, Patrick Jenkins and Jonathan Guthrie in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/01079330-377b-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What would happen if Russia closed its airspace to Western airlinesBy Rick Noack September 8 Follow @rick_n
A passenger plane comes in to land over a field near Heathrow Airport on Aug. 11 in London. (Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images)
With new European Union sanctions looming over Russia, the country has announced that it considered blocking international flights through its airspace. Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev referred to Western airlines in general, but in reality such restrictions would mainly hit European airlines which offer direct flights to Asia. The necessity to "bypass our airspace ... could drive many struggling airlines into bankruptcy," Medvedev was  quoted  as saying Monday in the Russian business newspaper Vedomosti.
But is that likely to happen, given what we know about the significance of Russia's airspace?
Banning Western airlines could indeed pose a serious problem to them, given the fact that Russia is the world's largest country in terms of land mass and is between East Asia and Europe. However, such sanctions could also have a backlash on Russia. Here are three main aspects we should keep in mind:
Russia's airspace is frequently used by European airlines
Medvedev did not specify whether "Western airlines" also incorporated the ones of Western allies such as South Korea. If we assume that potential sanctions were quite limited and only affected European airlines, we can distinguish which flights would be impacted. A visual analysis of all planes over European and particularly Russian airspace compared to all planes operated by the 60 largest European airlines on Monday 2 p.m. shows that the amount of planes seems manageable, at least at first glimpse.
Source: planefinder.net/Filter: The Washington Post
However, data provided to WorldViews by Flightradar24.com for Sept. 1 show that European and U.S. airlines actually account for the majority of foreign flights operated over Russia. The airlines that would most likely be affected by sanctions are highlighted in red:
So, we can be quite sure that European and U.S. airlines would indeed be affected — but to what extent?
There are alternatives for the Europeans
Let's go back to Medvedev's original quote predicting the demise and bankruptcy of some Western airlines if Russia banned them from its airspace. The most important airlines that show up in the visualization above are predominantly major enterprises with operations all over the world that seem stable at the moment.
Furthermore, this is not the first time Russia has threatened some of those airlines to deny them the right to fly over its territory. In 2007, it banned  Lufthansa's cargo unit from its airspace, in an apparent attempt to pressure the airline to move its hub to Siberia. Instead, Lufthansa diverted its flights to Kazakhstan but finally gave up and relocated to Siberia.
"Diverting flights over the North Pole or southern alternatives is actually something Europeans have experience in. Not too long ago, Russia forced all planes flying over the country to land in Moscow. Many foreign airlines reacted by choosing the about 20 percent longer routes in the north or south that avoid Russian airspace," explains Hansjochen Ehmer, a professor of aviation management who specializes in competition among international airlines.
Russia would be punishing itself
If Russia banned Western airlines, it would also face direct economic consequences. So far, Russia earns so-called " royalty payments, " which are comparable to taxes imposed on foreign airlines that want to fly over the country's airspace. Although these payments are significant for the airlines, it's still cheaper to pay them than divert flights away from Russian airspace. If European airlines were forced to change their routes, Russia would lose the royalty revenues. In other words: If Russia imposed sanctions on Western airlines, it would actually impose sanctions on itself, as well.
Rick Noack writes about foreign affairs. He is an Arthur F. Burns Fellow at The Washington Post.

Condi Rice: The one person who could save the NFLBy Jonathan Capehart September 8 Follow @capehartj
Condoleezza Rice (Getty Images)
Condoleezza Rice made a startling admission to the New York Times in 2002. The then-national security adviser to President George W. Bush said it was “absolutely right” that she wanted to be commissioner of the National Football League. This was no joke. Rice was serious, but she wanted it to be known that she wouldn’t want to do it “before Paul Tagliabue is ready to step down.”
Well, Tagliabue is long gone and his successor Roger Goodell has made a mess of it. Time for the former secretary of state with an intense love of the game to step in and save the NFL.
We’d all seen the chilling video back in February of Baltimore Raven Ray Rice (no relation to Condi) dragging his unconscious fiancee Janay Palmer off an Atlantic City casino elevator after knocking her out with one punch. For this disgusting display of domestic violence, Goodell slapped Rice with a weak two-game suspension. Last month, Goodell unveiled a new domestic violence policy with tougher penalties. “I didn’t get it right,” Goodell admitted at the announcement.
The release by TMZ today of footage from inside the casino elevator would show the depths of Rice’s depravity. We see Rice hit his fiancee not once but twice. It is stunning, but hardly surprising, to watch Rice’s callous disregard for Palmer in the rest of the three-and-a-half minute video. Batterers are confident in their own superiority.
But the latest elevator video also shows the depth of Goodell’s not getting it right. The Post’s Sally Jenkins paints a devastating portrait of his and the NFL’s ineptitude.
That Goodell is an unduly vain commissioner, and a self-serving one with his eye on some further prize, has always been obvious. That he obfuscates and evades on tough issues unless they are convenient for him, that his convictions are highly selective and so is his enforcement, has never been more apparent. On Monday morning, with the surfacing of that video, Goodell’s nature became totally clear. The NFL claims in a statement that no one in the league office had seen the tape before. That is almost surely not the truth, unless the NFL wanted it that way. This is a league that works with Homeland Security, confers with the Drug Enforcement Agency, collaborates with law enforcement and has its own highly equipped and secretive private security arm. You’re telling me it couldn’t get ahold of a grainy tape from an Atlantic City casino elevator? But TMZ could?
If NFL executives and Baltimore Ravens staff had never seen that tape before, there are only two reasons: willful blindness, and the determination to maintain plausible deniability…. Ray Rice’s own attorney had a copy of it. It simply defies belief that league and team officials couldn’t have seen it if they wanted to.
The NFL’s reputation is in tatters. The league’s players are such flypaper for trouble that the daily newspaper U-T San Diego keeps a database of all offenses “more serious than a speeding ticket.” The latest being the Aug. 31 arrest of San Francisco 49ers player Ray McDonald “on suspicion of felony domestic violence in San Jose.”
Confidence in Goodell’s leadership ought to be in tatters, too. Fans, particularly female fans and the wives and girlfriends of fans, should be appalled by everything he did and didn’t do in the Rice matter. If Bruce Levenson feels compelled to sell his stake in the Atlanta Hawks basketball team because of a few racial observations in a two-year-old e-mail certainly Goodell should find his way to the exit.
Rice really loves football, especially because of its similarities to military strategy. “I really consider myself a student of the game,” Rice told the Times in that 2002 interview. “I find the strategy and tactics absolutely fascinating.” And in talking about why she coveted the gridiron gig, the foreign policy expert who served two presidents and was provost of Stanford University said, “I think it would be a very interesting job because I actually think football, with all due respect to baseball, is a kind of national pastime that brings people together across social lines, across racial lines. And I think it’s an important American institution.”
It’s an institution in dire need of her help.
Follow Jonathan on Twitter: @Capehartj
Jonathan Capehart is a member of the Post editorial board and writes about politics and social issues for the PostPartisan blog.

Djokovic out of Serbia s Davis Cup clash with IndiaUpdated: September 8, 2014 23:21 IST
Djokovic out of Serbia's Davis Cup clash with India
Sports Reporter
AP Novak Djokovic, of Serbia during the semifinals of the 2014 U.S. Open tennis tournament.
TOPICS
sport
Spirits remained high in the Serbian team despite Novak Djokovic’s decision to skip his side’s Davis Cup World Group play-off tie against India. The world No. 1 cited fatigue and his desire to spend time with his pregnant wife as the reasons for pulling out of the tie, which begins at the KSLTA Stadium here on Friday.
“Even though Djokovic is not here, we remain confident of doing well. He had pulled out when we played India in Novi Sad in 2011 as well (Serbia won 4-1). We did not have a full team there either,” said Ilija Bozoljac, who is expected to feature in the doubles rubber for the visitor.
Djokovic lost in the U.S. Open semifinal to Japan’s Kei Nishikori on Saturday, and Serbia captain Bogdan Obradovic stated that he had a chat with his star player on Sunday night.
“Djokovic is very tired. He wants to get some rest, and stay fresh for the last part of the season. Rafael Nadal (Spain’s world No. 2) is making a strong challenge, and Djokovic is focussed on holding on to the world No. 1 spot till the end of the season.
Personal reasons too
“There are personal reasons too — he got married two months ago; his wife is pregnant. This is normal life. There is more to life than tennis,” Obradovic said.
The captain added that while Djokovic’s presence would have made the squad considerably stronger, it still boasts of a talented group of young players who are eager to step up to the challenge.
Somdev Devvarman, India’s leading singles player, reacted to the news with mixed feelings. “It would have been sweet to see the world No.1 play in India — for the fans as well as for Indian tennis. But our chances of winning have improved without him around,” Devvarman said.

Another Scottish poll  another boost for YesReddit
Saturday’s YouGov poll was not an outlier. On Tuesday, TNS BMRB, another pollster, published its final survey on voting intentions. It shows No on 39 per cent of possible voters, Yes on 38 per cent, with 23 per cent undecided. This latest poll is further evidence that the momentum has swung towards the Yes side.
Summarising the results, Tom Costley, TNS Group Director, told me it’s “almost all good news for the Yes campaign” and the race is “neck and neck; too close to call”.
The charts below show the running TNS tallies, first for all likely voters, and second for voters who say they are certain to vote in the referendum. When it comes to certain voters, the two sides are both on 41 per cent. (TNS likes the certain voter measure. Mr Costley says it is very highly correlated with actual turnout.)
I’ll delve into the data shortly but first a quick word about why the TNS poll matters.
Like the YouGov poll, the TNS findings upset the pattern of the past two years: each pollster reporting results in a narrow range, all showing the No side ahead with Yes gaining, but too slowly to suggest that Scotland would vote for independence.
There had been hope among unionists that TNS would produce a result fitting the old pattern. It had consistently produced the lowest Yes tallies (including don’t knows) of the major pollsters. It uses a different sampling method, asking face-to-face questions of respondents. But that hope has been dashed. The future of the 307 year-old union is a matter of margin of error – but the Yes side has the momentum.
This last point may even be underestimated by the TNS poll. As it is done via field work, it takes longer than an internet or a phone poll. Interviews were conducted from August 27 – September 4. If you believe that the Yes campaign has continued to pick up support in the past week, then you will assume it is doing better than level. Alternatively, TNS may be picking up ephemeral enthusiasm after the second television debate, held on August 25. Momentum is “very fickle”, Mr Costley says, but “unless [Better Together] do something it’s not going to go backwards”.
The underlying data suggest that the Yes side is succeeding in persuading the voters it has been doggedly trying to win over: women, younger Scots, those from lower socio-economic groups, and Labour voters. (Sometimes the target is all four in one.)
In its last poll, conducted between 23 July – 7 August, TNS found that 49 per cent of women said they would vote No, while 27 per cent said they would vote Yes. Those figures are now 41 per cent and 35 per cent respectively. The gender gap is closing.
There is also more evidence that if the union is saved, it’ll be down to pensioners. The chart below shows the results of the latest TNS poll, segmented by age cohort. As you can probably see, now only the over 65 cohort is firmly in the No camp.
Scots in social classes C2DE (who are generally poorer) are increasingly likely to say they will vote Yes, according to TNS. Forty three per cent say they will now vote Yes, compared with 33 per cent in the poll conducted between July and August.
When you are looking at these sub-samples then the numbers are relatively small. The poll was of 1,000 people but Yes-voting C2DEs, say, were only 214. It is hard to draw firm conclusions at this level of detail but all the signs from the TNS poll point to the YouGov poll being part of a new mean rather than an outlier.
Just how close it is can be seen by this graphic, which breaks down the certain voters into how likely they are to vote one way or another. It is almost symmetrical.
The new “don’t knows”
One thing I was surprised by though was that the number of “don’t know” voters had increased from the previous poll. TNS has consistently produced higher don’t know tallies because it asks people how they think they will vote on September 18, rather than how they would vote if a referendum were held “today”. As September 18 approached, however, one would expect the number of undecideds to decrease. And yet 23 per cent of all voters still say they don’t know. Just looking at certain voters, 18 per cent now say they don’t know, up from 16 per cent in the previous poll.
Think about that for a second: nearly one-fifth of Scots who are certain to vote might still not know whether they will opt for Yes or No. And at the same time, the Yes vote is increasing. Is the Yes side picking up undecideds or former No voters? If the former, then why is their number not falling? It looks like this is because more people are coming into the political process, and when they do, they start out undecided, before presumably disproportionately moving towards the Yes side.
The TNS data suggest that 84 per cent of Scots say they are certain to vote, which would mean a turnout equal to that in the 1950 UK general election, the highest on record. In the last TNS poll, the number was 71 per cent. This suggests that hundreds of thousands of Scots have very recently become motivated to vote but have yet to make up their minds. They might have been contacted by the campaigns, the electoral commission, watched TV, or simply decided that it was too important to sit through on the sofa. Perhaps they’ve succumbed to the buzz. Either way, these are new “don’t knows”, who might have been turned off by politics until now.
There are few clues about how this 18 per cent would vote. If you look at the graphic above, 2 per cent say they are erring Yes, 3 per cent erring No, leaving 13 per cent of the electorate who are certain to vote but know not which way, according to TNS. The worry for the No side is that if these are people who have been encouraged to get involved by the Yes campaign excitement then they will end up there. These are the most important half a million people in Britain. The new don’t knows.
 

Venezuela reshuffle dashes pragmatist hopesSeptember 3, 2014 7:07 am
Venezuela reshuffle dashes hopes of a change of direction
By Girish Gupta in Caracas
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dc4e9a22-3327-11e4-9607-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US visa ban on Venezuela officialsJuly 30, 2014 9:43 pm
US visa ban on Venezuela officials
By Andres Schipani in Bogotá
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ddb3a0d0-1818-11e4-a6e4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Detroits regenerationMay 28, 2014 11:02 am
Detroit’s regeneration
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1f6f92e6-e63b-11e3-9a20-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Detroit regeneration cost to total $2bnUS estimates regenerating derelict Detroit will cost $2bn
By Neil Munshi in Chicago
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f85fb3ac-e61c-11e3-aeef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

TCS Gains; Analysts More Confident After Backing FY15 OutlookYou are here: Home Market
TCS Gains; Analysts More Confident After Backing FY15 Outlook
Reuters | Updated On: September 09, 2014 09:54 (IST)
DLF Falls 3%, Real Estate Stocks Under Pressure
Tata Consultancy Services Ltd's shares gained 0.3 per cent after the company on Monday reiterated its revenue and margin outlook for FY 2015.
Analysts said, this helps in light of the recent cut in outlook from Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp and Accenture Plc.
It will give them confidence to roll over current valuation multiples for TCS' to expected FY17 earnings, analysts add.
TCS is currently trading at 22 times of 12-month forward earnings, Thomson Reuters data showed.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

PM Modi s Small Steps Making Big Difference to Sentiments: AnalystsEMC to Submit Interim Report by Early January: Bimal Jalan
When Narendra Modi took over as India's Prime Minister in May, there were great hopes of big bang reforms to attract foreign investment and bring the country back on the growth path. Over the last 100 days, PM Modi's government has liberalised foreign direct investment in railways and defence, introduced real estate investment trusts or REITs and taken decisions to improve the ease of doing business in the country.
But these steps have been described as incremental and not enough to revive economic growth. The government has been criticised for not announcing steps to cut subsidies and costly welfare schemes, not laying down a credible roadmap for the goods and services tax (GST) and not scrapping the controversial retrospective taxation amendment issued in 2012.
Global brokerage Nomura says the government's performance with respect to more structural challenges such as food inflation, boosting agricultural productivity, fiscal correction, creating jobs, etc. has been underwhelming.
In normal course, inaction on these key issues would have led to a market selloff, but that has not been the case so far. In fact, the Sensex and Nifty continue to hit new record highs nearly every day. The exuberance in equity markets is surprising because the entire rally from September last year was based on hopes of big bang reforms.
Foreign portfolio investments, too, continue to be robust with year-to-date flows pegged at over $12 billion or Rs 78,000 crore. And analysts continue to be bullish about Indian stocks. On Monday, Goldman Sachs raised its one-year Nifty target to 9,000 citing positive earnings sentiment. ( Read the full story )
Companies are expected to report better profitability because the economy is finally looking up. First quarter GDP growth rose to 9-quarter high of 5.7 per cent, raising hopes that FY15 may turn out to be better-than-expected. Morgan Stanley today raised its FY15 GDP estimates from 5.4 per cent to 5.7 per cent. Any credit for the rebound in growth must also go to the previous UPA government though.
So, why are markets excited? Well, it seems that the government's smaller steps are aiding sentiments, analysts say.
According to Nomura, over the past three months the new government has worked on "oiling the machine" i.e. getting work done and done faster.
Quoting Anil Swarup, an additional secretary in the Project Monitoring Group of the Cabinet Secretariat, Nomura says, "In the previous government, our job was just to see that the clearances would happen and we would assume that it was translating to work on the ground. The present government has asked us to do the legwork and make sure that it is."
The brokerage says India's productivity, which fell sharply in the last five years, can be reversed if delivery can match the promise.
According to Nomura, there may be no headline grabbing reforms, but there are a number of micro-level changes in the works that could have positive macro implications.
1) The hike in FDI limit in defence is aimed at boosting domestic manufacturing of defence equipment.
2) The digital India campaign will boost domestic manufacturing of electronics and target zero net electronic imports.
3) The Jan Dhan Yojana can be used to better targeted subsidies, cut down leakage and create a wider tax network, which could aid fiscal consolidation.
4) The move towards online project approvals will automatically lower the scope for corruption.
5) The government is actively considering amendments to a number of labour laws, including: an increase in overtime hours, relaxing the earlier bar on employing women in factories for night shifts, and initiating a single unified web portal for online registration and inspection reports, among other things, to reduce the amount of paperwork.
"These changes are happening on the micro level... and can act as a bridge to the longer-term goals of better infrastructure, creating jobs, boosting competitiveness and developing the manufacturing sector," Sonal Varma and Aman Mohunta of Nomura say.
As far as politically sensitive big bang reforms are concerned, the government might have purposefully delayed them with an eye on the upcoming state elections, Nomura says. PM Modi has a comfortable majority in the Lok Sabha, but in the Rajya Sabha, his government has just 60 of the House's 250 members.
The government's approach seems to have got the backing of Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan, who last week said people have been expecting "major changes very quickly" from the new government.
( Read the full story here )
"I think the government has essentially focused on implementation because that is really the need of the hour. Lot of projects are being stuck because of environmental permissions, forest clearances," he said.
Projects worth nearly $50 billion to $70 billion are stuck in the country, according to the Reserve Bank estimates.
Story first published on: September 08, 2014 15:49 (IST)

Eicher Motors  Motherson Sumi Up on Derivatives IntroductionYou are here: Home Market
Eicher Motors, Motherson Sumi Up on Derivatives Introduction
Reuters | Updated On: September 09, 2014 09:58 (IST)
Eicher Motors Ltd, TVS Motor Co Ltd, SKS Microfinance Ltd, MindTree Ltd and Motherson Sumi Systems Ltd gained between 1-2 per cent on inclusion in NSE's equity derivatives segment.
Futures and options contracts would be available on these shares from September 1.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Metal Shares Fall Ahead of Supreme Court s HearingMetal shares fell on caution ahead of the Supreme Court's hearing on "illegal" coal block allocations, due later in the day.
The court on August 25 had declared as illegal government allocations of coal blocks since 1993.
Jindal Steel and Power was down 1.9 per cent while Hindalco Industries was down 1.1 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Photographer Inserts Herself Into Other People s Lives In  Self Portraits With Menreddit
Dita Pepe 's photographs look like the fragments of a forgotten family album. Except in these portraits, the subjects seem to be plucked from dozens of different families, made up of eccentric dancers, fitness enthusiasts, newlyweds, farm broods and dominatrixes. One eerily familiar face is the only thing that connects the pictures, as a woman's casual smile peeks our from beneath a multitude of wigs and costumes.
That face belongs to Pepe. In her series, " Self Portraits with Men ," she takes on the role of universal doppleganger, melding her physical appearance to fit seamlessly into the many images of a wife, girlfriend, sister, mother, companion and friend. While many individuals daydream about the various paths their lives can take, Pepe acts them out in front of a camera, letting her imagination transplant her to the middle of an urban home or the fringes of a sprawling landscape.
Not surprisingly, Pepe has earned her fair share of comparisons to the great Cindy Sherman, an artist who turned the practice of self-portraits into a psychological experiment. She slips from one interpretation of the feminine woman into another, demonstrating the ease with which one one person can shape and edit their own selves.
The project dates back to 1999, and has since produced around 100 images, many of which were collected together in a monograph titled "Dita Pepe: Self-Portraits." The project initially began as an exercise in camouflage, in which Pepe would dress up as women she met and found interesting. Eventually, she began incorporating men -- seemingly mimicking the endless futures that could lay in store for herself.
Those pictured beside her are a combination of models, friends, acquaintances and strangers.
“Taking self-portraits with men made me realize how different partners influence one another,” Pepe explained to Slate . "It was very important for me to explain the purpose of my work to make those involved [in the project] comfortable with me. We talked about the relativity of life events, how little it would take to be born in a different family, have different friends, partners … working together helped me to understand personal views and how to deal with different aspects of life, the importance of various values and how to grasp moments of happiness; this project influenced my perception of the world and myself."
Check out a preview of Pepe's project below and let us know your thoughts on the art experiment in the comments.
2000

US general shot dead in Afghanistan attackUS general shot dead in Afghanistan attack
By Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9ab72144-1cc3-11e4-b4c7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Afghanistan  open for businessNext Thumbnails
Previous Thumbnails
Now Kardan University has a purpose-built main campus in the centre of the capital, from where it has a view of the cluster of houses clinging dramatically to the sides of a small mountain named “TV Hill” because of the broadcast antennas peppering its top. When I visit, the university is putting the finishing touches to its new MBA programme area. Bundles of wires and plaster litter the floor, although the teacups are already laid out in the faculty room.
The institution has about 8,000 students on bachelors courses, of whom almost 30 per cent are women. By Khalid’s admission, this is an elite university rather than one attracting the many poor people in rural areas: in Afghanistan security and economic opportunity often fall away precipitously beyond city limits. An 18-month MBA course costs $4,800 – or about seven years’ income for the average Afghan. Khalid says most students are “high citizens”, including politicians, civil servants and staff at the city’s heavily fortified embassies and UN compound.
Mahmood Dastagir, Kardan University’s vice-chancellor, reels off the institution’s achievements. These include – in a first for Afghanistan – the publication in academic journals of articles on computer science and business administration. Kardan is looking at possible collaborations with universities in Pakistan, Cyprus, India, Thailand and France, while its 250-place MBA course is several times oversubscribed.
Relaxed and confident in his open-necked check shirt and slip-on shoes, Dastagir concludes his expansionist talk by showing me out through reception. It’s a portable building: a reminder, amid the ambition, of the fragility of things in a country fought over by foreign powers since at least the days of Alexander the Great. “These are the whole facilities we have got here,” Dastagir explains. “With limited resources, this is what we are trying to do.”
. . .
Entrepreneurs are betting on the durability of trends such as soaring school enrolment, social media use and a gradual cultural opening
Elsewhere in a capital that inevitably dominates the country’s commercial life, other Afghan business returnees have built even bigger empires and made still greater punts on the future. They’re betting on the durability of trends such as soaring school enrolment rates, social media use and – at least in the cities – a gradual but tangible cultural opening. Afghanistan has risen to 128th in Reporters without Borders’ 180-country annual press freedom index, above Asian counterparts such as Thailand, India and Indonesia.
Probably the best-known Afghan businessman internationally is media magnate Saad Mohseni , whose work has broken new ground in areas from TV news to the establishment of the country’s first football premier league. After a spell as a stockbroker in Australia, Mohseni returned to Afghanistan after the fall of the Taliban to set up a business seeded by US aid money. Since then, he has become a distinctive figure with his shock of curly hair and his willingness to break taboos by bringing in female DJs and broadcasting Indian soaps deemed too racy by the government. Rupert Murdoch bought a stake in his Moby Group in 2012, and Mohseni has shown no signs of throttling back since.
Mohseni is also a great advocate for a country that has become a trope for chaos in the west. After we’ve met a couple of times, he chides me good-naturedly during an email chat for what he sees as an overly negative take in an FT piece I’ve written on Afghanistan’s prospects. It’s an understated retort to what he and others consider a prevailing pessimism about a young country that, for all its problems, has also been profoundly altered by the past 13 years, for good as well as bad. In his message, Mohseni echoes and extends to the whole country an ambivalent quote he’d given for the piece, after I asked him why he was optimistic about what was to come: “What choice do we have?”
. . .
For every success story like Mohseni, there are other companies dying away because of their failure to prepare for the tougher times now at hand. In offices on two floors just above Sayed Khalid’s, Farshid Ghyasi, founder of Netlinks, an information and communications technology business, notes how many businesses that took off quickly with easy aid money are starting to disappear. Some are stricken building contractors no longer given deals to build infrastructure on behalf of the US military or other foreign donors. The winding down of such projects has generated scores of legal complaints from angry Afghan subcontractors, according to the Afghan attorney-general’s office.
Ghyasi, a polyglot 33-year-old who studied in Japan and Malaysia, says he’s much better prepared than some of his bankrupt peers. While Netlinks, which provides IT packages such as employment management information systems to companies and other institutions, once had more foreign than local clients, overseas customers are now a small minority. Its volume of military contracts has more than halved.
Ghyasi tells the tale of Afghanistan’s two business worlds in an engaging double act with Javid Hamdard, a fellow Netlinks executive with whom he co-founded the iHub, the country’s largest network of information and communications technology professionals. While the two men don’t quite finish each other’s sentences, both seem to anticipate the other’s thoughts. Hamdard notes drily that one reason Netlinks has been able to navigate the country’s sometimes deadly web of official patronage and gangsterism is because its field is so technical. Politicians who might kill a rival for a fuel logistics contract wouldn’t know how to handle an information technology company. Ghyasi supplies the punchline. “Dumb people can’t do it,” he says. “Our expertise protects us.”
Afghans are used to extremes. They have been through this phase of history once, when the Soviets left
- Farshid Ghyasi
The pair say other people they know are less phlegmatic and have concluded Afghanistan will become too hot to handle again. They tell alternating stories of the growing numbers of rich Afghans who are preparing to run if necessary, on the proceeds of the years of plenty. One friend just bought $1.5m worth of land in Turkey, while an acquaintance has sunk millions into Florida properties and a Dubai transport company. “He has so much money he doesn’t know what to do with it,” says Ghyasi.
While others think about fleeing, Netlinks is investing for the long term. Earlier this year it bought 30 servers costing €5,000 each. Ghyasi says it’s a vote of confidence, although his historical comparison of the situation today to the time of the USSR’s withdrawal – which was followed by a civil war – isn’t wholly encouraging. “Afghans are used to extremes,” he shrugs. “They have been through this phase of history once, when the Soviets left.”
Across town, Ghyasi’s wife Maryam has another vantage point as president of Cresco Solution, a recruitment company that is a sister company to Netlinks. Characteristically in a city where development has sprouted mostly in private spaces behind high walls, a muddy street gives on to a sophisticated interior, complete with clocking-in system for staff – and a warning to use it. Maryam, who has lived in Pakistan and Iran, is well aware of the unpredictability of Afghanistan and even thought of flying with her children to Dubai for the first round of the elections in April. But she also says she is confident in the performance of the US-trained Afghan security forces, whom some observers reckon are better tested than their Iraqi counterparts and – in theory – less likely to melt away in the face of a radical Islamist insurgency.
Some people don’t want to invest here for security reasons. But I am happy to invest in Afghanistan because this country needs to be built
- Maryam Ghyasi
Over a (pre-Ramadan) cup of tea in her office, Maryam tells how business has got tougher. More job seekers and employees are advertising but the number of positions on offer has shrunk because cutbacks to aid projects have reduced demand for staff from translators to office cleaners. Email scammers promising resettlement in the US, Australia and the UK have started targeting networked Afghans like the Ghyasis, although Maryam says she is committed to the country where everyone is “bored of war”. “Some people don’t want to invest in the country because of the situation and for security reasons,” Maryam says. “But I am more happy to invest in Afghanistan because this country needs to be built.”
The half-full, half-empty narrative of Afghan business has taken yet another twist thanks to the presidential election recount deal. Over email, Ghyasi acclaims an agreement that averted civil war and “gave a new life to all businesses, including ours”. Khalid also welcomes the news but is more cautious, noting the crisis prised open old ethnic divisions and was “moving to be a disaster as fast as a fire”, until the US and UN intervened.
Khalid is as good a spokesman as anyone for Afghan entrepreneurs’ battle between hope and despair. One moment he is deploring gothic levels of corruption, including demands by officials for bribes simply to pay your tax, or the rapacity of a governing class in which politicians wield power ruthlessly to serve their business interests. Yet in the next breath he is talking of the excitement of the opportunities and needs of a country that is full of new ideas as well as old fears.
While post-millennial Afghanistan has been a dangerous and unstable place by any standards, it has also been a haven for people like Khalid, at once unexpected and unreal. “What makes me confident is what we achieved in these 12 years,” reflects this once-itinerant entrepreneur who is about to see his faith in his refound home tested. “Now we just need a big shock to wake up.”
-------------------------------------------
Michael Peel is the FT’s Bangkok regional correspondent
Photographs: Joël van Houdt
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

US looks to cool Afghanistan poll tensionsUS looks to cool Afghanistan poll tensions
By Michael Peel
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a1fd36e4-08ac-11e4-9afc-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama visits US troops in AfghanistanObama visits US troops in Afghanistan
By James Politi in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c64b7824-e43c-11e3-a73a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ABB India Surges After Parent s Buyback PlanABB India Ltd surged 4.3 per cent after parent ABB Ltd said on Tuesday it would buy back $4 billion shares.
Parent's buyback offer is seen boosting sentiment for its global subsidiaries including India, traders said.
ABB Ltd holds 75 per cent in ABB India via two units, BSE data showed.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Ashok Leyland Jumps 6% on Rs 1 500 Crore OrderYou are here: Home Corporates
Ashok Leyland Jumps 6% on Rs 1,500 Crore Order
NDTV | Updated On: September 09, 2014 13:13 (IST)
Kotak Mahindra Bank, ING Vysya Hit 52-Week Highs on Merger Buzz
Ashok Leyland shares jumped over 6 per cent to Rs 41.30 on Tuesday. The company which is the second largest manufacturer of commercial vehicles in India said it has bagged an order for 4,000 buses worth Rs 1,500 crore from State Transport Undertakings (STU).
With a total order value of Rs 1,500 crore for 4,000 buses, the average selling price per bus comes at around Rs 37.5 lakh which is much above its normal average selling price of Rs 20-25 lakh per bus. However the contract also includes maintenance cost for 4-5 years.
Ashok Leyland had reported 17 per cent year-on-year growth in its sale for the month of August which came in at 8,331 units. Light commercial vehicles registered an increase of 14 per cent y-o-y to 2,501 units whereas medium and heavy commercial vehicles witnessed a growth of 18 per cent y-o-y to 5,830 units.
As of 1.05 p.m. Ashok Leyland shares traded 6.22 per cent higher at Rs 41, outperforming the Nifty which was down 0.37 per cent.
Story first published on: September 09, 2014 13:09 (IST)

L&T acquires Danish partner s 50% stake in consultancy coL&T acquires Danish partner's 50% stake in consultancy co
BS Reporter | Mumbai: Sep 09, 2014 05:06 PM IST
Construction and engineering major Larsen & Toubro (L&T) today said it has acquired Denmark-based Ramboll's 50% stake in L&T-Ramboll Consulting Engineers to strengthen its design base in the infrastructure space.
"L&T, in a strategic move to strengthen its design base in the infrastructure space, has acquired 50% of the stake in L&T-Ramboll Consulting Engineers Limited (LTR) hitherto held by Ramboll Denmark AS. With this acquisition, LTR now becomes a wholly-owned subsidiary of L&T," L&T said in a statement.
Post-acquisition, the company is proposed to be renamed L&T Infrastructure Engineering.
LTR was incorporated in 1998 with L&T contributing 50% of the authorised and paid-up capital. Ramboll Denmark AS and Industrialisation Fund for Developing Countries (IFU) contributed 26% and 24%, respectively. Ramboll Denmark AS had later purchased IFU's 24% stake in 2004.
LTR has approximately 250 engineers on board, with registered office in Chennai, and regional offices in Hyderabad, Delhi and Mumbai.
The company will continue to offer single point concept to commissioning consultancy services for infrastructure projects like airports, roads, bridges, ports and maritime structure including environment, transport planning and other related services, the statement said.
"This acquisition is a significant move to strengthen our EPC offering in the infrastructure sector. With a track of successful projects and international exposure, L&T Infrastructure Engineering will be providing engineering services for infrastructure projects," L&T Member of the Board and Senior Executive Vice President (Infrastructure and Construction) S N Subrahmanyan said.

Uttarakhand to Kashmir: We are a disaster when it comes to disastersComments
The headline-grabbing event of the last couple of days — the mammoth floods in Jammu and Kashmir (J-K) — confirms once again that disaster preparedness is just not there in our DNA. It was only a year ago that the Himalayan state of Uttarakhand was ravaged by rains and floods that killed more than 5,000 people and destroyed property worth crores.
  
Play Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Many hoped that the tragedy would be a valuable lesson to the states and government-funded institutions that tackle such disasters. But regrettably, as we see in J-K, no lessons were learnt.
As I watched on TV the swirling river water ransack everything that came in its way, I remembered a quote I read somewhere: “Disasters happen. We still have no way to eliminate earthquakes, wildfires, hurricanes, floods or droughts. We cope as best we can by fortifying ourselves against danger with building codes and levees, and by setting aside money to clean up afterwards”.
But here in India, the thought process in the government circles is somewhat like this: let’s cross the bridge when we come to it, and if the situation becomes too difficult, then there are always the dependable Indian armed forces to rescue us.
Video: Nation stands by Jammu and Kashmir flood victims: Modi
Take for example, the issue of flood alerts: The India Meteorology Department’s season rainfall map as on September 6, 2014, shows that J-K received 558 mm rainfall till that date, progressing to excess rainfall category from deficit season rainfall of 308 mm as on September 3, in just three days.
Despite this warning, the Central Water Commission (CWC), which is responsible for flood forecasting and providing advisory to the states for tackling floods, had no flood forecasts for the state.
“The CWC’s flood forecast list on September 6, 2014, has 18 level forecasts and eight inflow forecasts, but NONE from J-K,” Himanshu Thakkar of the South Asia Network on Dams, Rivers & People told HT. “The CWC’s flood forecast site has another option that provides hydrographs for various rivers and location. Again for J-K it provides no hydrographs. The options on CWC’s Flood Forecast site for list-based selection and map-based selection again has no information about Jammu and Kashmir.”
When Down to Earth’s (DTE) correspondent confronted VD Roy, director of flood forecasting, CWC, about the floods, he said that state has a hydrological observatory which shares data with the state government but it does not have a flood forecasting network, adding that to date “CWC has established 175 stations for flood forecasting, but none of them is in J-K.
We plan to extend the centres and soon J-K will have additional flood forecast station.” When DTE asked why the state did not have a single station till date, Roy said, in a typical babu style, there are some pre-requisite requirements and since J-K could not provide that, stations could not be established! So now, after the floods have ripped open the state, J-K will probably get a flood forecast station. A sure shot case of shutting the stable door after the horse has bolted.
If the central departments were caught napping, the state government was in a Rip Van Winkle mode: it approved a Disaster Management Policy in 2012 for proper mechanism for rescue, relief and rehabilitation of disaster victims.
But it is yet to create a separate department to deal with disasters.
Such lackadaisical attitude is unacceptable since the state is vulnerable to disaster risks due to floods, landslides, earthquakes and Glacial Lake Outburst Flood. Such risks will only increase in the coming years due to climate change not only in J-K but across India.
While it is not possible to avoid disasters, governments could minimise the effects by taking into account the interventions we do in nature and also know the full risks of what we do. We need to assess the disaster potential of the area and understand how the interventions are going to change it.
Moreover, the level of disaster preparedness at the central level and in the states is uneven and requires considerable strengthening.
Last but not the least, India needs much better rainfall prediction, flood forecasting, disaster preparedness and disaster management plans and accountable mechanisms to ensure that all these are functional.

Lenders look to expedite assets sale of debt-hit Lanco groupBSE Sensex gains 217 pts to close above 27,000-pt mark ahead of US Fed meet outcome
Sensex jumps over 217 pts to end at 5-week high of 27,098.17; Nifty surges 63 pts to close at 8,090....

Manjhi rules out CBI probe in medicine purchase scamManjhi said that a probe was already going on in the medicine purchase scam and those founding guilty will not be spared. ( Source: Express photo )
PTI | Patna | Posted: September 9, 2014 4:04 pm | Updated: September 9, 2014 4:21 pm
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi, on Tuesday, virtually ruled out recommending a CBI probe in medicine purchase scam and said that the state agencies were capable of probing into it and bring culprits to book.
The state investigative agencies are capable of probing medicine purchase scam and bring culprits to book, he told reporters in reply to a question whether the state government was mulling recommending a CBI probe in the matter. Manjhi said that a probe was already going on in the medicine purchase scam and those founding guilty will not be spared.
Trashing accusations being made by the BJP that the medicine purchase scam had taken place during the former chief minister Nitish Kumar’s tenure, Manjhi categorically denied the charge and sought to turn the table on the main opposition saying that the tenure of its minister was also under scrutiny as that of the period of other ministers who held the health portfolio.
The role of the state health society officials was also under scanner in the purchase of medicines, Manjhi said. A probe panel headed by the Additional Director (Health) K K Singh has indicted the Bihar Medical Services Infrastructure Corporation Limited (BMSICL) Managing Director Praveen Kishore and eight other senior officials for the medicine purchase scam.
The report disclosed that drugs worth Rs 14.4 crore out of total Rs 60 crore purchased during January and July this year were bought at inflated prices in comparison to the rate fixed by the State Health Society Bihar (SHSB). Making the report public last week, Health Minister Ramdhani Singh had said that stern action will be taken against those found guilty in the medicine purchase scam.

Vedanta bets big on L&T mines to expand Lanjigarh refinery capacityInput supply issues dog Vedanta
BS Reporter | Bhubaneswar Sep 10, 2014 12:19 AM IST
London-listed Vedanta Resources, the diversified metals and mining major, is hopeful of expanding capacity of its Lanjigarh alumina refinery in Odisha to two million tonnes per annum, up from the existing one mt, within a year of getting the necessary approvals.
“We will gradually raise the capacity to six million tonnes (mt) a year. It will have a tremendous employment opportunity for people in the area. The gram sabha held recently was very positive. We got overwhelming support from the people, who want industry and development in the area,” Vedanta chairman Anil Agarwal said after meeting Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik.
He said the Lanjigarh refinery was operating at 25 per cent of capacity. The capacity expansion would mean Rs 10,000 crore expenditure to the already invested Rs 52,000 crore over 10 years to build alumina, aluminium and power facilities at Lanjigarh and Jharsuguda, respectively.  
After being denied access to the Niyamgiri bauxite deposits of Odisha Mining Corporation following tribal protests, the Lanjigarh refinery is operating on bauxite sourced from Andhra, Gujarat, Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand. “We are also importing bauxite from Guinea and other countries. It is unfortunate that India has the largest bauxite deposits but we are importing,” he said. Asked on the assurance given by the Odisha government on bauxite supply, Agarwal said, “The government is very keen to give us bauxite. They are looking at various options. Presently, the Larsen & Toubro (L&T) bauxite deposits is a concrete option. There are a couple of others.”
Vedanta had entered a pact with L&T to source bauxite from the latter’s Sijimali and Kutrumali deposits, for which the engineering major had got a prospecting licence much earlier. The twin deposits, across Kalahandi and Rayagada districts, have reserves of close to 300 mt. However, the state government is yet to decide on  a mining lease to L&T. After the Niyamgiri setback, the state government recently allotted three laterite bauxite mines in Koraput district with a combined deposit of three to five mt of bauxite in favour of Vedanta, as short-term relief.
“Since the percentage of bauxite is very much less in the case of laterite deposits (20 to 25 per cent), we have to invest more on processing in such mines. We are currently evaluating these deposits,” said Agarwal. The Vedanta chief is also worried over the Jharsuguda aluminium smelter running at depleted capacity. “We are running at only 25 per cent capacity. We need to have full power to run the smelter. We are looking at achieving aluminium production of two mt and will ensure it is all used within the state. There is a potential for 100 more aluminium-based industries to come up in the state,” he said.

HT poll: 65% say BJP shouldn t form government in DelhiComments
The Supreme Court on Tuesday asked the Centre to apprise it of the outcome of the political process initiated by Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung by writing a letter to President Pranab Mukherjee on the possibility of government formation in Delhi by October 10.
A five-judge constitution bench, headed by justice HL Dattu, asked the Centre to inform it about the decision that the President takes on the L-G's letter.
On Tuesday, Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Arvind Kejriwal threatened to take to the streets to prevent the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from forming a government in Delhi.
Addressing a press conference, Kejriwal said he would take the 'sting video' to the President and request him not to allow L-G to call the BJP to form the government.
The AAP had released a 'sting video' at a press conference on Monday, claiming that senior BJP leader Sher Singh Dagar tried to bribe an AAP legislator to switch sides and help the BJP form a government in the Capital.
HT conducted an online poll and survey and asked readers to give their views on government formation in Delhi.
We asked our readers whether the L-G should call for fresh polls in Delhi after the AAP's allegations of horse-trading.
While 68.67% of the respondents said the L-G should call for elections, 29.93% said he should not and 1.4% respondents had nothing to say on the question.
In the survey, we asked three questions.
On the first question — should the BJP form the government in Delhi after initially refusing to do so after the poll results in December last year - 65% said they should not, 32% said they should and 3% respondents had nothing to say.
On the second question - is it possible for the BJP to form the government in Delhi without indulging in horse trading - 68% felt the saffron party cannot keep out of horse-trading, 25% said it need not indulge in horse-trading and 7% had nothing to say.
On the third question whether there should be fresh assembly polls in Delhi, 71% said yes, while 26% said no and 3% respondents had nothing to say.
The results of the poll and the survey were taken at 2:00pm on Tuesday.

Should Will and Kate take note of these star-studded baby announcementsBy Erin C.J. Robertson September 9 Follow @ECJRobertson
The world woke up Monday to news that the royal couple is expecting their second babe. The pithy online  statement  was rush-delivered before Kate reached the crucial 12-week pregnancy mark because she’s suffering again from severe morning sickness.
Under better circumstances, we’re sure the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge would have taken note of other celebrity couples’ creative and cute baby announcements and disclosed their exciting news with a bit more pomp. In case William and Kate decide to expand their family even further, we put together a list of notable baby boom broadcasts.
1. Chelsea Clinton
The former first daughter announced that she had a little one on the way during a Clinton Foundation- and Microsoft-sponsored event, “Girls: A No Ceilings Conversation,” on April 17, 2014. She revealed the special news to the audience alongside her mother, Hillary Rodham Clinton, who was beaming about the first-time baby news.
2. Tammy Duckworth 
The Illinois Congresswoman – Iraq war hero and double amputee – added the title of mother-to-be to her list of accomplishments. How did she reveal the news? Fittingly, on Labor Day – pun intended. Duckworth and her husband are expecting a baby girl in December. The happy news was unexpected as the representative is 46 years old and has been trying to conceive for the past 10 years.
3. Kelly Rowland 
In June, the R&B singer instagrammed an adorable photo of matching daddy and baby Jordan sneakers with the caption, “I’ll be stuntin like my daddy … ”
4.  Jessica Simpson 
In 2012, she tweeted a surprise holiday announcement featuring her daughter, Maxwell, sitting next to a “Big Sis” sign carved in the sand. Simpson and her husband Eric Johnson welcomed their son, Ace, on June 30, 2014.
Merry Christmas from my family to yours! pic.twitter.com/EjlCoYbq
— Jessica Simpson (@JessicaSimpson) December 25, 2012
5.  Torrey Smith 
Baltimore Raven wide receiver Torrey Smith and his wife, Chanel, must be fans of puns and pasta. They instagrammed this corny but cute photo announcing their coming bundle of joy in October 2013:
6. Fergie 
The singer and her hubby, actor Josh Duhamel, turned to Photoshop and childhood photos to share their bun-in-the-oven news. Fergie and Josh tweeted this spliced-together picture of the pair as toddlers. The hashtag “mylovelybabybump” was fitting and alluded to the popular Black Eyed Peas song “ My Humps .”

Ask Matt: Is Apple a buy due to new iPhoneEMAIL
Q: Should I buy Apple (AAPL) due to new iPhone?
A: Today is the day the Apple faithful have been waiting for: Yet another announcement of yet another iPhone.
The stock market’s reaction Tuesday will largely hinge on whether the company can convince investors it has regained its innovative swagger. And hopes are high. Shares of Apple are already up more than 20% this year as investors expect an announcement of some sort of watch as well as the latest iPhone. Investors hope, too, the company addresses recent reports of security issues with its cloud service. Investors, though, should know Apple’s stock routinely prices in new product announcements and sells off on the day of the news.
This effect has been even stronger lately . Shares of Apple fell more than 3% in the 30 days after the Sept. 2013 announcement of its latest iPhone 5S. Investors, instead, need to consider if the company’s latest products will be enough to counteract the intensifying competition with Samsung in the smartphone market and waning popularity of the iPad tablet device. Analysts have a $106.32 average price target for the stock to hit over the next 18 months. That’s just 8% upside, not a whole lot for a stock that is this volatile. And that hinges on the company hitting 11.6% earnings growth this year. Tuesday better be magical.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Rupee Ends at 60.60/Dollar  Sees Worst Fall in Over a MonthYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Ends at 60.60 Per Dollar, Sees Worst Fall in Over a Month
Reuters | Updated On: September 09, 2014 17:48 (IST)
Rupee Hits 8-1/2 Month Low, Closes at 61.96 Per Dollar
Mumbai: The rupee saw its biggest single-day decline in more than a month on Tuesday as investors covered short dollar positions following a Federal Reserve study, while losses in the domestic share market also hurt sentiment.
The dollar scaled a six-year peak against the yen and hit a 14-month high against a basket of currencies on Tuesday, tracking rising US yields after the Federal Reserve study led investors to reassess prospects for higher interest rates.
The US central bank's easy monetary stance has sparked big foreign inflows into emerging markets, including India, but a return to normalcy could reduce these flows and hurt the rupee. Foreign funds have bought a net $32.1 billion worth of debt and shares so far this year.
On the domestic front, investors will focus on factors such as the consumer inflation data due on Friday as well as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) policy review at the end of the month.
The trade data for August is also due to be released between September 8 and September 12 although there is no fixed date for the release.
"The rupee mainly tracked the movement in other Asian units against the dollar. There were some corporate dollar sales initially but later heavy demand from state-run banks weighed," said Pramod Patil, assistant vice president at United Overseas Bank.
Traders broadly expect the pair to hold in a 60.20 to 60.95 range during the rest of the week.
The partially convertible rupee ended weaker at 60.60/61 versus Friday's close of 60.29/30. The unit fell 0.5 per cent on the day, its biggest single-day loss since August 6.
Most other Asian currencies weakened against the dollar.
Hopes that foreign flows would continue after the weak US jobs data on Friday had helped the rupee climb to 60.20 on Monday, its strongest level since July 30.
Traders do not expect much appreciation in the currency as the central bank is likely to limit sharp gains, keeping the unit in a broad 59.50 to 61.50 range over the next three months, they said.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 60.99 while the three-month was at 61.56.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Exactly one year after Obamas first Syria speech  hes giving another. Why everything is different this time aroundBy Katie Zezima September 9 Follow @katiezez
President Obama will outline plans this week for an expanded U.S. campaign to defeat Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria, a strategy that will also involve cooperation from allies in Europe and the Middle East. (AP)
Exactly one year ago, President Obama was weighing whether or not to take military action in Syria. On Sept. 10, 2013, he addressed the nation to make the case for his strategy, citing national security concerns. But the public was skeptical. So was Congress.
This Sept. 10, Obama is again planning to make a televised case to the nation for action in Syria. Once more, he's going to lay out a broad strategy, in remarks that are again likely to focus on the potential threat to American lives and interests.
It's all oddly familiar. And completely different.
Last year, the president sought authorization from a Congress that eventually seemed unlikely to grant it. Now he appears unlikely to seek their formal approval. But far more of them, on both sides of the aisle, seem to have already bought in to his arguments this time around -- or appear hungrier for an even more aggressive strategy than he's likely to lay out Wednesday.
Last year, Obama faced a war-weary public deeply unhappy with the prospect of a fresh Middle East intervention. Today, he's seeing a renewed appetite for action. According to a new Washington Post poll , 65 percent of the public support expanding airstrikes against Iraqi insurgents into Syria -- almost a complete reversal of the results of the Washington Post-ABC News survey around this time last year, when 61 percent of respondents said they opposed the United States launching missile strikes against the Syrian regime.
The sea change in public and political reaction is rooted in -- though not entirely explained by -- the sharply different circumstances.
This time, the president isn't looking to strike a state, or effectively take sides in a civil war, or move against individuals who haven't directly attacked U.S. interests. He isn't acting on evidence that's ever been in any significant dispute.
He won't need to repeat his plea of a year ago, for "every member of Congress, and those of you watching at home tonight, to view those videos of the [chemical weapons] attack" in Syria. This time, he's taking aim at a group of Islamic militants who have already killed Americans in horrific, verified footage that's been widely viewed.
On "Meet the Press" this past weekend, Obama stressed that the Islamic State poses no known immediate threat to the United States -- but cast the current U.S. action against the group, and any potential future moves, as a fight against terrorism. "I'm preparing the country to make sure that we deal with a threat from ISIL," Obama said on "Meet the Press." "Keep in mind that this is something that we know how to do. We've been dealing with terrorist threats for quite some time."
"The situation a year later is markedly different," White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said. "What we’re talking about now is confronting a terrorist group that has sought a safe haven in Syria. This is a group that poses a threat to Americans in the region and could potentially, down the line, pose a broader threat to American interests and our allies around the globe. So the situations are somewhat different."
Even though he may not ask for formal congressional authorization this time around, Obama is still looking for their support. The president will meet with Hill leaders Tuesday to discuss his strategy against the Islamic State. National Security officials are expected to brief senators Wednesday and House members Thursday.
"I'm confident that I have the authorization that I need to protect the American people," Obama said on "Meet the Press" Sunday. "And I'm always going to do what's necessary to protect the American people. But I do think it's important for Congress to understand what the plan is, to have buy-in, to debate it."
 
What a difference a year makes. (Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images)
 
On Capitol Hill, there are some, such as Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.), who say this isn't enough -- that authorization isn't an optional step. And there are voices who have raised concerns about the risks of expanded military action. But the dominant mood is far more supportive of a military response than it was last year.
This time around, isolationists are turning hawkish, and hawks are sharpening their talons.
"We must expand our bombing campaign to include ISIS bases in Syria," Sen. Dan Coats (R-Ind.) said in a statement, referring to an acronym used to describe the Islamic State. 
In an op-ed for Time titled, "I am not an isolationist," Sen. Rand Paul (R Ky.) wrote , "Some pundits are surprised that I support destroying the Islamic State in Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS) militarily.
"If I had been in President Obama's shoes, I would have acted more decisively and strongly against ISIS. I would have called Congress back into session -- even during recess," Paul wrote.
Two Republican senators said Monday that they believe U.S. Special Forces should be sent into Syria and Iraq to combat the Islamic State -- going further than the president himself, who has consistently said that he will not send ground forces in to Iraq or Syria.
Action against the Islamic State has even become a campaign issue. Republican White House contenders have called on President Obama to take even tougher action against Islamic State militants than the current rounds of airstrikes in Iraq. And in this midterm election year, candidates have made similar critiques.
"ISIS makes al-Qaeda look like Boy Scouts," former Massachusetts Senator Scott Brown (R), now running for Senate in New Hampshire, said. He put the clip into a campaign video. "We have one of the most inconsistent foreign policies right now."
The international environment has also shifted sharply. Last year, British Prime Minister David Cameron suffered a stinging defeat when the House of Commons defeated his proposal to take military action in Syria.
Public opinion seems to have shifted in the United Kingdom as well. According to a YouGov/Sunday Times poll conducted in late August, 45 percent of respondents support British air strikes against the Islamic State.
Obama made the case for a broad international and regional strategy to fight against the Islamic State at the NATO summit in Wales last week to European countries increasingly worried about the threat of foreign fighters who hold Western passports. The alliance formed a 10-nation coalition that  could reach out to Syrian rebels as proxy fighters in the battle against the Islamic State -- and the president will convene a meeting of the United Nations security council this fall to discuss the foreign fighter issue.
"There’s great conviction that we have to act as part of the international community to degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL," Obama said in Newport, Wales, last week. On Wednesday, he'll tell Americans what that effort might look like.
Katie Zezima covers the White House for Post Politics and The Fix.

Ovechkin expects things to be totally different with CapitalsBy Alex Prewitt September 9 Follow @alex_prewitt
(Nick Wass/Associated Press)
NEW YORK – The hallways were near empty by the time Alex Ovechkin spun through NHL headquarters, on the 15th floor of a high-rise in midtown Manhattan. With national media parked in separate conference rooms, the Washington Capitals captain proceeded through a proverbial car wash, faced at each stop with questions about a new season, a new coach and the same old scrutiny.
At one point, between sessions, Ovechkin idled inside an alcove that had the names of Stanley Cup winners etched onto the walls. He looked around at the champions, then at a pillar, which had the image of the iconic trophy smack in the center.
“It sucks my name is not there, you know?” Ovechkin said later, during a more relaxed moment inside the players’ lounge. The gantlet was done, so Ovechkin could kick back, at least for the interim. He will arrive in Washington D.C. on Wednesday, and host a skating session with the American Special Hockey Association on Thursday.
On Sept. 19, preseason training camp begins under new Coach Barry Trotz . He is Washington’s fourth head coach since 2011, the latest man tasked with helping Ovechkin and his teammates hunt the hardware which has proved so elusive, seemingly no further away than last season when the Capitals missed the playoffs for the first time since 2006-07 and subsequently fired both coach Adam Oates and general manager George McPhee. Ovechkin won his second straight “Rocket” Richard Trophy , annually given to the NHL’s top goal scorer, but drew criticism in particular for having the league’s third-worst plus-minus rating .
“Be in the playoffs,” Ovechkin said, when asked about his expectations for 2014-15. “I think that’s only one thing.”
Ovechkin has always compartmentalized hockey and his world outside it, particularly during the offseason. Summer is summer, he said, and even after a season cut short, unfamiliar during his time with the Capitals, “sometimes you have to have chance to relax.”
And now?
“I miss hockey,” he said. “So, going back to work. Sometimes when you want to do something but you can’t, you start thinking about when season going to start. Pretty sure everybody miss hockey.”
Every outlet asked Ovechkin about his developing relationship with Trotz, and each time Ovechkin offered some version of the same answer: They met in Las Vegas at the NHL awards, and have spoken several times on the telephone since, but most nitty-gritty talk would be saved for the offices at Kettler Capitals Iceplex.
Ovechkin said it doesn’t matter where Trotz slots him, on the left or right wing. And he said he hasn’t thought about what questions he may have, or what to expect from the former Predators head coach. He just knows that an intense training camp lurks around the corner, because of the sour taste left in everyone’s mouth last April, and if Ovechkin indeed has questions, he’ll ask them in a private setting.
“We’ll see how training camp’s going,” he said. “I’m pretty sure it’s going to be a tough training camp, because everybody going to be excited. New team, new coaching staff, new players. It’s going to be totally different.”
Asked if he wanted anything specific to change, Ovechkin stuck to the big picture.
“We’ll have to have a good start and snowball,” he said. “Just have to get bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger, so we’ll be ready for the big one.”
Some additional quotes from Ovechkin in the Big Apple:
>> On the Capitals returning a forwards core mostly intact, save the free agency departure of Mikhail Grabovski:
“I hope Brooks [Laich] is going to be healthy, [Evgeny] Kuznetsov going to have a full year, lots of young guys are going to be in the team as well and they going to grow up as players and a person as well. Right now, all intense are going to be out there. It’s going to be fun.”
>> On his expectations for Kuznetsov, who lived with Ovechkin last season:
“Just play his game. He’s going to be fine. I hope he’s going to be in a position where he’s going to be one of the best players on the team.”
And can Kuznetsov play center, something the Capitals have hinted they will explore ?
“Why not? I think Trotzy going to talk to him about it. I’m pretty sure they already have a decision, who they’re going to play. For us, as players, our job is to play hockey, not think about who’s going to play where and all kinds of stuff.”
>> On his relationship with first-line center Nicklas Backstrom, for whom Trotz has repeatedly expressed admiration in calling Washington’s most all-around player:
“I’m pretty sure this year is going to be much better year. It’s not about the chemistry. Everybody knows me and Backie can play together. It doesn’t matter who’s going to be the left side, right side. Just a situation where we have to play more consistently.”
>> On the intentions behind this Instagram photo , in which he stared into the distance and held a sheet of paper captioned, “SAVE CHILDREN FROM FACISM,” a message of apparent support for Russian-backed Ukrainian rebels:
“I don’t want a war. Ukrainian and Russian people are close people and we have a war right now. That’s it.”
>> On whether he’s grown accustomed to how the public reacts to such things like that photo, and the end of his engagement to tennis player Maria Kirilenko :
“Of course. When the people follow you on Twitter or Instagram, if you put something, everybody going to see it.”
>> On the Winter Classic against the Chicago Blackhawks and being followed by HBO’s “24/7” television cameras:
“Yeah, it’s going to be fun. In D.C. How many years [since the Capitals last played in it]? Like four years? It was something new, but it was fun. No swearing, no nothing.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Long-forgotten secrets of whale sex revealedBy Rachel Feltman September 9 Follow @rachelfeltman
The pelvic bones are so tiny that biology forgot what they were for. Matt Dean and Jim Dines set the record straight. (USC Photo/Gus Ruelas)
In dolphins and whales, the pelvis is widely considered to be a good-for-nothing remnant of legged days past. But that pelvic bone didn't become useless when the animals switched from walking to swimming: It may be downright vital for successful reproduction.
A new study published in the journal Evolution reports that the bones have actually continued evolving. No longer adapted to support hind legs, the pelvis has been swayed by sexual selection. The muscles that control the penis attach directly to the pelvic bone, contributing to the crazy amount of control that both whales and dolphins have over the organ.
"People that really know the reproductive biology of whales and dolphins already know and have known that these pelvic bones are an anchor point for reproductive organs," co-corresponding author and Collections Manager of Mammalogy at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County Jim Dines said. "But it's not something that they teach you in a marine mammal class." Outside of a small circle of experts in whale anatomy, he said, the common consensus, even among marine biologists, was that the pelvis was a useless bone -- one that would disappear, given a few million years more of evolution.
To give new support to what vintage anatomy texts already claimed, Dines and his co-author Matthew Dean , assistant professor at the USC Dornsife College of Letters, Arts and Sciences, 3D scanned hundreds of bones (many from the Smithsonian) and analyzed them based on size and shape.
Finding evidence of a sexual use was a bit tricky. Whale sex is a particularly enigmatic thing and remains basically unobserved. But we do know that in all animals, larger testes and penises evolve when there's more sexual competition (in other words, more males vying for the same female). If the pelvis evolved to aid in reproduction, the researchers hypothesized, then it would get bigger to support a larger reproductive organ. Sure enough, they observed that trend. As a control, they measured the rib size of each specimen, as well. If the whole skeleton got bigger, the ribs would have been larger, too. But while pelvis and testes were correlated in size, ribs were not.
Dines and Dean also found that the whales and dolphins with the greatest difference in testes size also had the greatest variation in pelvic shape. The researchers can't be sure what this means, but they believe that unique pelvis shapes might allow whales and dolphins to move their reproductive organs in novel ways. In species where males aggressively pursue females, more dexterity might be the key to reproducing.
"It's like someone operating a trick kite, where you pull two strings, and pulling left and right makes it go in a loop-de-loop," Dean said. "That's basically how a whale's penis is working."
Probably.
"This study represents a tremendous amount of work by Jim Dines and his colleagues, who did a beautiful job of extracting a compelling story on cetacean evolution from a massive dataset of museum specimens," said Maya Yamato, a researcher at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History.
But Dean and Dines did more than just vindicate the whale pelvis. Their use of a 3D scanner to analyze the bones -- which allowed them to measure thousands of coordinates instead of just length, width, and depth -- means that the specimens can now be analyzed anywhere. "I love that they made the 3D laser scanned data publicly available," Yamato said. "It's a tremendous resource for science and outreach."
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

